$MRLQWVWRFNFRPSDQ\LQFRUSRUDWHGLQWKH3HRSOH·V5HSXEOLFRI&KLQDZLWKOLPLWHGOLDELOLW\
Stock code: 6099




2019$118$/5(3257
2019
ANNUAL REPORT
                                       HUO Da
                                        Chairman




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

2
China Merchants Securities joins hands
with you to create a brilliant future
STATEMENT OF HUO DA, CHAIRMAN,
FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL REPORT




        2019 marked the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, and was also a critical year for building a moderately
prosperous society in all respects and achieving the first centenary goal. The capital market focused on the major theme of intensifying financial
supply-side structural reform, with twelve initiatives on fully intensifying reform implemented to shape a new market layout. China Merchants
Securities endeavored to accomplish new goals and create a new landscape, and turned external pressure into strategic focus, reform momentum
and innovation vitality, thereby achieving outstanding results.

       We have always upheld the concept of dynamic and balanced development of quality, efficiency and scale, and achieved significant growth
in operating results. Our total revenue and other income for the year and profit of the year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted
to RMB25.659 billion and RMB7.282 billion, respectively, both achieved the second highest results in the Company’s history. Our ranking rose to
one of the highest levels in the past decade, continued to outpace the market in general and outperform our industry peers, making a good start
on accomplishing the strategic goal of “being admitted as one of the top five enterprises in terms of overall competitiveness”. The Company has
been granted the “AA” regulatory rating under the “A” category for securities firms by the CSRC for 12 consecutive years, demonstrating its stable
operation and controllable risks.

        We have coordinated human resources and capital to inject vitality into the Company’s long-term development. With the support of
all parties, the Company’s program package of “A+H shares rights issue, share repurchase and employee stock ownership scheme” achieved
significant breakthroughs. The share repurchase and employee stock ownership scheme have been completed, and the rights issue plan will soon be
implemented. These will further enrich the Company’s capital strength and effectively support the Company’s principal business segments to become
better and stronger. The Company’s key employees and the Company’s development have been closely connected together, and the inherent
momentum will be further activated, consolidating the fundamental force of the Company’s long-term development.

        We have intensified transformation and reform, and injected momentum to our high-quality development. Leveraging on the SOE reform
of “Double Hundred Actions” and the quality and efficiency enhancement projects, the Company further optimized the organizational structure,
improved the mechanism of “staff can get in and out; cadre can go up and down; salary can be high and low”, and improved the management
standard. The Company launched two major consulting projects, namely process reform and data governance, created three profiling (company
profiling, customer profiling and product profiling), and fully speeded up digital transformation. The Company launched the “Gazelle Program” to
develop inclusive financing and leverage the synergy of “investment banking + investment + R&D”, in order to provide small, medium and micro
enterprises with financial services covering the full life cycle in all aspects.

       Since the beginning of 2020, the novel coronavirus pneumonia epidemic have brought shock and impact on the global economy, financial
markets and people’s livelihood. The Company has endeavored to undertake the missions on epidemic prevention and control as well as resumption
of work and production. In line with the spirit of “contributing to the development of China and catching up with the times”, the Company has
proactively fulfilled its social responsibilities, and is the first in the industry to make donation for epidemic prevention and control, with a total
donation amount of RMB11.162 million. The Company also took the initiative to reduce or waive the rent of self-owned properties for non-state-
owned tenants in the amount of RMB1.57 million. In the new year, the Company will continue to accomplish its fundamental mission with even
stronger determination. 2020 is the concluding year for building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and implementing the “Thirteenth
Five-Year” Plan. The new “Securities Law” has opened up a new era of industry development. The new five-year strategic plan of China Merchants
Securities has also entered its second year. We are at the starting point of a new round of higher-level competition. We will further intensify
reform, forge ahead, operate with integrity, develop steadily and create better results with practical actions to reward our shareholders, customers,
employees and the community for their trust and support to us.

       With arduous adventure ahead, setting sail together, China Merchants Securities joins hands with you to create a brilliant future!




                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                   3
                                              XIONG
                                              Jiantao
                                       Executive Director,
                                                President




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

4
Striving to build the best investment bank
with top-tier results
STATEMENT OF XIONG JIANTAO, PRESIDENT,
FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL REPORT




       In 2019, adhering to the principle of “seizing the moment with foresights”, China Merchants Securities focused on production and operation
on the one hand, and reform and innovation on the other hand. We successfully achieved our annual operating target of “outperforming the
market and striving for a higher position”. Our total revenue and other income for the year and profit of the year attributable to shareholders of
the Company amounted to RMB25.669 billion and RMB7.282 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 42% and 65%, respectively. ROE was
9.51%, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.93 percentage points. These three core indicators all surpassed the estimation at the beginning of
the year and achieved the second highest results in the Company’s history. The Company has been granted the “AA” regulatory rating under the
“A” category for securities firms for 12 consecutive years.

        Looking back to 2019, the Company’s principal business segments all achieved breakthroughs. Firstly, the customer service business
continued to be the backbone for the Company’s stable revenue. The market share and ranking of the retail brokerage business rose steadily, and
the market share in terms of net income from agency trading business hit a record high. For wealth management, the number of high-net-worth
customers, clients and AUM increased substantially year-on-year. The custody and outsourcing business continued to maintain its industry leading
position. The investment banking business effectively made use of its value-leading function, achieving a year-on-year increase of 36% in terms of
net fee income. Secondly, the capital intermediary trading business achieved stable growth in scale and income while effectively preventing risks. The
balance of margin financing and securities lending as at the end of the year increased by 33% from the end of 2018, and the market share in terms
of interest income from stock pledge business increased by 12% year-on-year. Thirdly, the capital investment business grown substantially, becoming
a powerful driving force for the growth of annual revenue of the Company. Revenue from the investment and trading business segment increased
by 352% year-on-year, and in particular, the amount of bond investment and investment income both hit a record high. Fourthly, the income-
generating ability of each subsidiary continuously enhanced, becoming an important diversified source of income for the Company. Fifthly, the
Company solidly promoted transformation and reform. Leveraging on the opportunity of the SOE Reform “Double-hundred Action” and the quality
and efficiency improvement program, the Company achieved significant progress in the promotion of A+H shares rights issue, share repurchase and
employee stock ownership scheme, and continuously promoted key reforms such as the mechanism of “staff can get in and out; cadre can go up
and down; salary can be high and low”, data governance, process reengineering and the “Gazelle Program”, injecting momentum to the Company’s
long-term development.

       2020 is a critical transitional year for the Company’s new five-year development strategy, and is also an important year for continuously
promoting the SOE Reform “Double-hundred Action” and the quality and efficiency improvement program. The novel coronavirus pneumonia
epidemic that occurred at the beginning of the year has brought certain uncertainties to the macroeconomic and financial situation and industry
development, and exerted greater pressure on securities firms for resuming operation and production and stabilizing and increasing income. China
Merchants Securities will endeavor to engage in epidemic prevention and control, strive to resume operation and production and aim at achieving
the annual target, so as to minimize the impact of the epidemic and successfully complete the tasks for achieving annual target. We believe that,
with the strong support and care of all shareholders and all sectors of the society, under the guidance of the Board and through the joint efforts of
all employees, we will continue to maintain the momentum for business development and aim at building the best investment bank in China with
international competitiveness!




                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                   5
Important Notice


     I. The Board, the Supervisory Committee, Director(s), Supervisor(s) and senior management of
the Company undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete
and contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and assume joint and
several liabilities to the information in this report.
     II. All Directors of the Company attended the Board meeting.
    III. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
have issued standard unqualified auditor’s reports for the Company.
    IV. HUO Da, officer in charge of the Company, ZHAO Bin, officer in charge of accounting
matters of the Company, and HE Min, officer in charge of the accounting office of the Company
(head of accounting department), hereby warrant that the financial statements contained in this
report are true, accurate and complete.
     V. Proposal on profit distribution or capitalization of common reserve for the Reporting Period
considered and approved by the Board
      As the Company is currently promoting issues related to the rights issue, pursuant to Article 18 of the
Administrative Measures for Securities Issuance and Underwriting of the CSRC, in the situation that the
proposals on profit distribution or capitalization of common reserve have not been submitted for approval
at the shareholders’ general meeting or have been approved but not yet executed, listed companies should
issue securities after the execution of the aforementioned proposals. If the Company implements the rights
issue after the 2019 annual general meeting and profit distribution, the Company’s capital and working
capital will not be increased and replenished in time, which will directly affect the current profit and long-term
development of the Company.
   Considering comprehensive factors such as the interests of shareholders and the development of the
Company, the Company will not make profit distribution in 2019, nor will it capitalise its capital reserve.
     The Company will distribute profits as soon as possible upon the completion of the rights issue in
accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities and the provisions of the Articles of
Association.
     VI. Risks Statement relating to forward-looking statements
     Forward-looking statements, such as future plans and development strategies, contained in this annual
report do not constitute any substantive commitments of the Company to investors. Investors should be aware
of the investment risks.
      VII. Whether there is appropriation of the Company’s funds by the controlling shareholder and
its associates for non-operating purposes
     No
     VIII. Whether there is provision of guarantee by the Company in favour of any third party in
violation of the prescribed decision-making procedures
     No




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

6
                                                                             Important Notice


     IX. The Company prepared this report in both English and Chinese versions. In the event of any
discrepancy in the interpretation between the English version and Chinese version of this report,
unless otherwise specified, the Chinese version shall prevail.
     X. Warning on material risks
     The business, financial position and operating results of the Company may be susceptible to the general
economic and market conditions in China and other regions where the relevant businesses are operated in
various aspects.
      The Company is primarily exposed to the following risks: securities industry is highly regulated and
relevant rules and regulations could be revised from time to time based on the development of the securities
markets. New rules and regulations, and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of the existing rules
and regulations, may directly impact our business strategies and prospects, or could result in limitations on
the business areas that we may conduct, modifications to our business practices or additional costs, which
may adversely affect our ability to compete with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. If we
are unable to fulfill the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirement in a timely manner, we may
be exposed to legal and compliance risks; we are subject to credit risk associated with economic loss caused
by the failure of the borrower or the counterparty to fulfill their contractual obligations; we face market
risk arising from the losses on our portfolio due to adverse changes in relevant markets; we are exposed to
operational risks arising from imperfect or defective internal procedures, employees and systems or external
events; we face liquidity risk that we might not be able to get timely capital injection at reasonable costs to
repay debts that are due, fulfill other payment obligations or satisfy other capital needs for normal business
operation; we are subject to reputational risk arising from the negative publicity against the Company from
stakeholders due to the operation, management or other acts of the Company or external events; and we are
exposed to foreign exchange rate risks due to the operation of international business.
     To cope with the above risks, the Company has adopted preventive measures in respect of the
organisational structure, systems, indicators, risk management culture and IT system, and streamlined the
business processes. For details, please see “Potential risks” of this report.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              7
Contents


Chapter 1     Definitions                                                 9
Chapter 2     Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators             11
Chapter 3     Summary of Operation                                       29
Chapter 4     Report of the Board of Directors                           31
Chapter 5     Major Events                                               84
Chapter 6     Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders               111
Chapter 7     Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees   127
Chapter 8     Corporate Governance Report                               161
Chapter 9     Corporate Bonds                                           197
Chapter 10 Financial Report                                             212
Chapter 11 Documents Available for Inspection                           366
Chapter 12 Information Disclosure of a Securities Company               367




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

8
                                                                 Chapter 1: Definitions


I.   Definitions

    In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the
meanings set forth below:

                                          Common terms and expressions
      “Company Law”                         the Company Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國公司法》)
      “Securities Law”                      the Securities Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國證券法》)
                                            the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co.,
      “Articles of Association”
                                            Ltd.
                                            China Securities Regulatory Commission (中國證券監督管理委員
      “CSRC”
                                            會)
      “SFC”                                 the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong
      “CSRC Shenzhen Office”                the Shenzhen office of the CSRC
                                            State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
      “SASAC”
                                            of the State Council (國務院國有資產監督管理委員會)
      “Exchanges”                           the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
      “SSE”                                 the Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所)
      “SZSE”                                the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (深圳證券交易所)
                                            http://www.sse.com.cn, the website of the Shanghai Stock
      “SSE website”
                                            Exchange
      “CSDC”                                China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited
      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange             http://www.hkexnews.hk, the website of The Stock Exchange of
      website”                              Hong Kong Limited
      “Company”, “our Company”,
                                            China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司)
      “Group”, “our Group”, “China
                                            and its controlled subsidiaries
      Merchants Securities” or “Issuer”
                                            http://www.cmschina.com, the website of China Merchants
      “Company’s website”
                                            Securities Co., Ltd.
      “China Merchants Group”               China Merchants Group Limited (招商局集團有限公司)
                                            China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市
      “CM Finance Investment”
                                            招融投資控股有限公司)
                                            Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市集盛
      “Jisheng Investment”
                                            投資發展有限公司)
      “China Ocean Shipping”                China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd. (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)
      “China Merchants Bank”                China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行股份有限公司)
                                            China Merchants Securities International Company Limited (招商
      “CMS International”
                                            證券國際有限公司)
      “China Merchants Futures”             China Merchants Futures Co., Limited (招商期貨有限公司)



                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           9
Chapter 1: Definitions




                                       Common terms and expressions
                                         China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (招商致遠
       “CMS Zhiyuan”
                                         資本投資有限公司)
                                         China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (招商證券投資有
       “CMS Investment”
                                         限公司)
                                         China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (招商證
       “CMS Asset Management”
                                         券資產管理有限公司)
       “Bosera Funds”                    Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited (博時基金管理有限公司)
                                         China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (招商基金管理有限
       “China Merchants Fund”
                                         公司)
       “ECT”                             E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd. (證通股份有限公司)
                                         Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. (上
       “Shanghai Brilliance”
                                         海新世紀資信評估投資服務有限公司)
                                         China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. (中誠信國際
       “CCXI”
                                         信用評級有限責任公司)
                                         China Chengxin Securities Rating Co., Ltd. (中誠信證券評估有限
       “CCXR”
                                         公司)
       “Huatai United Securities”        Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. (華泰聯合證券有限責任公司)
       “Everbright Securities”           Everbright Securities Company Limited (光大證券股份有限公司)
       “China Galaxy”                    China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (中國銀河證券股份有限公司)
       “Essence Securities”              Essence Securities Co., Ltd. (安信證券股份有限公司)
                                         the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
       “Hong Kong Listing Rules”
                                         Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time)
                                         Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
       “Model Code”
                                         Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules
                                         the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
       “SFO”
                                         Hong Kong)
                                         domestic share(s) in the ordinary share capital of our Company
       “A Share(s)”                      with a nominal value of RMB 1.00 each, which are listed on the
                                         SSE (stock code: 600999)
                                         overseas-listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of
       “H Share(s)”                      our Company with a nominal value of RMB 1.00 each, which are
                                         listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 6099)
       “A Shareholder(s)”                holders of A Shares
       “H Shareholder(s)”                holders of H Shares
       “the Reporting Period”, “the
                                         from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019
       Current Period”
       “Previous Period”                 from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018
       “RMB”, “RMB 10,000”, and          Renminbi 1 Yuan, Renminbi 10,000 Yuan and Renminbi 100
       “RMB 100 million”                 million Yuan




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

10
 Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators


I.   Corporate Information

      Chinese name of the Company                                 招商證券股份有限公司
      Abbreviation                                                招商證券
      English name of the Company                                 CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.
      Abbreviation                                                CMS
      Legal representative of the Company                         HUO Da
      General manager of the Company                              XIONG Jiantao
      Authorized representatives of the Company                   WU Huifeng, PENG Lei


     Registered Capital and Net Capital of the Company

                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB

                                                                          As at the end of the                      As at the end of
                                                                             Reporting Period                              Last Year
      Registered capital                                                       6,699,409,329.00                     6,699,409,329.00
      Net capital                                                            48,651,440,529.94                  52,815,746,346.60


     Business Qualifications of the Company

     The Company is a member of the Securities Association of China (Membership code: 185053), SSE
(Membership code: 0037) and SZSE (Membership code: 000011). Qualifications of each of the business lines
are as follows:

      No.                     Qualification                                     Approval authority                    Date of approval
                                                                  The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
      1     Market maker of stock index options                                                                       December 2019
                                                                  Department of the CSRC
      2     Lead market maker of the CSI 300 ETF options          SZSE                                                December 2019
            Trading authority for access to stock options
      3                                                           SZSE                                                December 2019
            business
      4     Sale and settlement of foreign exchange business      State Administration of Foreign Exchange            August 2019
            Participation in securities refinancing of the STAR
      5                                                           China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.                  July 2019
            Market
                                                                  The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
      6     Market maker of treasury bond futures                                                                     May 2019
                                                                  Department of the CSRC
      7     Credit protection contract business                   SSE                                                 February 2019
      8     Lead market maker of listed funds business            SSE                                                 February 2019
                                                                  The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
      9     Credit derivatives business                                                                               December 2018
                                                                  Department of the CSRC
      10    Market maker of crude oil futures                     Shanghai International Energy Exchange              October 2018
      11    Market maker of nickel futures                        Shanghai Futures Exchange                           October 2018


                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                      11
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




       No.                      Qualification                                    Approval authority                  Date of approval
       12     Market maker of copper options                       Shanghai Futures Exchange                         September 2018
       13     Dealer of OTC options business                       Securities Association of China                   August 2018
              Market maker of Bond Connect “Northbound
       14                                                          China Foreign Exchange Trading Center             July 2018
              Trading”
                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
       15     Conducting pilot cross-border businesses                                                               April 2018
                                                                   Department of the CSRC
                                                                   National Association of Financial Market
       16     Core dealer of credit risk mitigation instruments                                                      January 2017
                                                                   Institutional Investors
              Qualification to issue credit risk mitigation        National Association of Financial Market
       17                                                                                                            January 2017
              certificates                                         Institutional Investors
                                                                   National Association of Financial Market
       18     Qualification to issue credit-linked notes                                                             January 2017
                                                                   Institutional Investors
              Non-bank member of the Shanghai Commercial           General Administration Department of the
       19                                                                                                            November 2016
              Paper Exchange                                       People’s Bank of China
              Trading authority for access to Southbound
       20     Trading business under Shenzhen-Hong Kong            SZSE                                              November 2016
              Stock Connect
              Approval for provision of online account opening     The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
       21                                                                                                            April 2015
              service                                              Department of the CSRC
              Approval for financing through exercising
       22                                                          SZSE                                              March 2015
              incentive share options of listed companies
                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
       23     Licence for spot gold proprietary trading business                                                     March 2015
                                                                   Department of the CSRC
              Licence for providing payment services for           China Securities Investor Protection Fund
       24                                                                                                            March 2015
              customers’ funds                                     Corporation Limited
       25     Licence for stock options market-making business     CSRC                                              January 2015
              Licence for market-making business for SSE 50
       26                                                          SSE                                               January 2015
              ETF options trading
       27     Proprietary trading of stock options                 SSE                                               January 2015
       28     Licence for options settlement                       CSDC                                              January 2015
       29     Stock options trading participant on the SSE         SSE                                               January 2015
       30     Licence for pilot online securities business         Securities Association of China                   November 2014
              Trading authority for access to Southbound
       31                                                          SSE                                               October 2014
              Trading business
              Ordinary member of Interbank Market Clearing
       32     House Co., Ltd. for centralised settlement of RMB    Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd.         June 2014
              interest rate swaps




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

12
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




No.                     Qualification                                      Approval authority                  Date of approval
      Qualification of lead manager business (market-        National Equities Exchange And Quotations Co.,
33                                                                                                             June 2014
      making business)                                       Ltd.
34    Licence for OTC options trading business               Securities Association of China                   February 2014
      Licence for securities investment fund custody
35                                                           CSRC                                              January 2014
      business
      Qualification for agency business of securities
36                                                           The Custody Department of CSDC                    July 2013
      pledge registration
37    Authority for stock-pledged repo business              SSE                                               June 2013
38    Authority for stock-pledged repo                       SZSE                                              June 2013
39    Participation in interest rate swap transactions       CSRC Shenzhen Office                              May 2013
                                                                                                               April 2013 (latest
                                                             China Insurance Regulatory Commission
      Permit for conducting insurance agency                                                                     certificate
40                                                           (currently the China Banking and Insurance
      businesses                                                                                                 obtained in April
                                                             Regulatory Commission)
                                                                                                                 2019)
      Qualification of lead manager business                 National Equities Exchange And Quotations Co.,
41                                                                                                             March 2013
      (recommendation and brokerage businesses)              Ltd.
42    Licence for OTC trading business                       Securities Association of China                   February 2013
                                                             The Institution Supervision Department
43    Licence for equity total return swap business          (currently the Securities and Fund Institution    January 2013
                                                             Supervision Department) of the CSRC
                                                             China Insurance Regulatory Commission
      Licence for special institutional client business of
44                                                           (currently the China Banking and Insurance        January 2013
      insurance companies
                                                             Regulatory Commission)
45    Qualification for sale of financial products           CSRC Shenzhen Office                              December 2012
      Qualification of lead underwriting debt financing      National Association of Financial Market
46                                                                                                             November 2012
      instruments of non-financial enterprises               Institutional Investors
                                                             The Institution Supervision Department
      Qualification to provide comprehensive custodian
47                                                           (currently the Securities and Fund Institution    October 2012
      services for private investment funds
                                                             Supervision Department) of the CSRC
48    Licence for margin and securities refinancing          China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.                August 2012
      Qualification of underwriting private placement
49                                                           Securities Association of China                   June 2012
      bonds of small and medium enterprises
50    Licence for stock repurchase business                  CSRC                                              May 2012
                                                             The Institution Supervision Department
      Qualification for dealer-quoted bond pledged
51                                                           (currently the Securities and Fund Institution    January 2012
      repo transactions
                                                             Supervision Department) of the CSRC
      Qualification for third-party custodian services for
52                                                           CSRC Shenzhen Office                              June 2011
      one customer – multiple bank services
      Qualification for margin financing and securities
53                                                           CSRC                                              June 2010
      lending business
54    Licence for direct investment business                 CSRC                                              August 2009


                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                13
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




       No.                      Qualification                                     Approval authority                  Date of approval
              Qualification for intermediary introduction
       55                                                           CSRC                                              February 2008
              business for China Merchants Futures
       56     Category A clearing participant of CSDC               CSDC                                              February 2008
              Licence for overseas securities investment
       57                                                           CSRC                                              August 2007
              management business
              Primary dealer on the integrated e-platform for
       58                                                           SSE                                               July 2007
              fixed income securities of the SSE
                                                                                                                      December 2006
              Permit for foreign exchange operation in the                                                              (latest certificate
       59                                                           State Administration of Foreign Exchange
              securities business                                                                                       obtained in
                                                                                                                        November 2012)
       60     Clearing participant of CSDC                          CSDC                                              March 2006
              Primary dealer of SSE 180 Index Exchange Traded
       61                                                           SSE                                               March 2006
              Fund
       62     Qualification for quote transfer business             Securities Association of China                   January 2006
              Licence for underwriting business of commercial
       63                                                           The People’s Bank of China                        July 2005
              paper
              Qualification for operation of foreign shares
       64                                                           CSRC                                              September 2002
              business
              Qualification for open-end securities investment
       65                                                           CSRC                                              August 2002
              fund consignment business
              Qualification for trusted investment management
       66                                                           CSRC                                              May 2002
              business
       67     Qualification for online securities agency business   CSRC                                              February 2001
                                                                    General Administration Department of the
       68     Qualified member of interbank market                                                                    September 1999
                                                                    People’s Bank of China
              Qualifications for RMB special stocks business
       69                                                           Shanghai Securities Management Office             November 1996
              (unrestricted) in Shanghai
                                                                    Shenzhen Office of the State Administration of
       70     Licence for starting foreign exchange business                                                          October 1996
                                                                    Foreign Exchange
              Pilot unit of equity trading agency system for        Property Right Transfer Leading Group Office of
       71                                                                                                             January 1996
              non-listed companies                                  the Shenzhen Municipal Government
       72     Licence for starting proprietary business             Shenzhen Securities Management Office             August 1993




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

14
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



Qualifications of CMS International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

 No.                    Qualification                                  Approval authority               Date of approval

 1     Licence for dealing in futures contracts           SFC                                           June 2014

 2     Licence for advising on futures contracts          SFC                                           June 2014

 3     Licence for asset management                       SFC                                           March 2010

 4     Licence for dealing in securities                  SFC                                           February 2009

 5     Licence for advising on securities                 SFC                                           February 2009

 6     Licence for advising on corporate finance          SFC                                           February 2009

Qualifications of China Merchants Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

 No.                     Qualification                                 Approval authority                Date of approval

       Licence for commodities futures
 1     brokerage, financial brokerage and                 CSRC                                          December 2018*
       futures investment consulting

       Member of Shanghai
 2                                                        Shanghai International Energy Exchange        May 2017
         International Energy Exchange

 3     Licence for basis trading                          China Futures Association                     April 2017

 4     Licence for OTC derivatives business               China Futures Association                     April 2017

 5     Licence for warehouse receipt services             China Futures Association                     December 2016

 6     Filing for entry of the interbank bond market      The People’s Bank of China                    July 2016

 7     Licence for asset management                       CSRC                                          March 2013

 8     Licence for futures investment consultancy         CSRC                                          August 2011

 9     Member of Dalian Commodity Exchange                Dalian Commodity Exchange                     December 2009

 10    Member of Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange             Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                  March 2009

 11    Member of Shanghai Futures Exchange                Shanghai Futures Exchange                     October 2008

       Clearing and Settlement Member of China
 12                                                       China Financial Futures Exchange Co., Ltd.    December 2007
          Financial Futures Exchange

 13    Licence for financial futures trading settlement   CSRC                                          November 2007

*Note: In December 2018, China Merchants Futures renewed the Securities and Futures Business Licence (《經
       營證券期貨業務許可證》).




                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         15
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      Qualification of CMS Zhiyuan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

                                                                                                               Date of
       No.                   Qualification                             Approval authority
                                                                                                              approval

              Private investment fund subsidiary of a
       1                                                    Securities Association of China               April 2017
              securities firm

      Qualifications of CMS Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

                                                                                                               Date of
       No.                   Qualification                             Approval authority
                                                                                                              approval

                                                            Shenzhen Joint Meeting Office of the
                                                            Pilot Scheme for Overseas Investment of
              Pilot scheme for overseas investment of
       1                                                    Qualified Domestic Investors (深圳市合格           November 2015
              qualified domestic investors
                                                            境內投資者境外投資試點工作聯席會議
                                                            辦公室)
              Qualification for securities asset
       2      management business and                       CSRC                                          January 2015
              qualified domestic institutional investors



II.   Contact Persons and Contact Methods

                                       Secretary to the Board                    Representative of Securities Affairs

       Name                WU Huifeng                                        LUO Li

       Correspondence      No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian     No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
       address             District, Shenzhen                                District, Shenzhen

       Telephone           0755-82943666                                     0755-82960432

       Fax                 0755-82944669                                     0755-82944669

       E-mail address      IR@cmschina.com.cn                                luoli@cmschina.com.cn

                                                            Joint Company Secretaries

       Name                WU Huifeng                                        KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne

       Correspondence      No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian     40/F, Sunlight Tower, 248 Queen’s Road East,
       address             District, Shenzhen                                Wan Chai, Hong Kong




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

16
                           Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



III. Basic Information

                                                        No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
    Registered address of the Company
                                                        District, Shenzhen

    Postal code                                         518046

                                                        No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
    Office address of the Company
                                                        District, Shenzhen

    Postal code                                         518046

                                                        48/F, One Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place,
    Principal place of business in Hong Kong
                                                        Central, Hong Kong

    Company’s website                                   http://www.cmschina.com

    E-mail address                                      IR@cmschina.com.cn



IV. Information Disclosure and Place of Document Inspection

                                                        China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities
    Designated media for information disclosure
                                                        News, Securities Times, Securities Daily

    Website designated by the CSRC for annual
                                                        http://www.sse.com.cn
    report publication

    Website designated by the Hong Kong Stock
                                                        http://www.hkexnews.hk
    Exchange for annual report publishing

    Place for inspection of the Company’s annual        No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
    reports                                             District, Shenzhen



V. Information on the Company’s Shares

                                    Information on the Company’s Shares
                     Exchange at which the           Stock                               Previous stock
       Classes                                                        Stock code
                        shares are listed         abbreviation                            abbreviation
    A Shares         SSE                       CMS                 600999              —
                     Hong Kong Stock
    H Shares                                   CMS                 6099                —
                     Exchange




                                                                                        2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          17
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VI. Other Information
(I)   History of the Company, including the reform and reorganization, capital increase and share
      capital enlargement in previous years

      The predecessor of the Company is the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank. On August
3,1991, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China (Shenzhen branch) pursuant to the Notice on the
Approval for Trial Operation of the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank ([1991] Shen Ren Yin
Fa Zi No.140) (《 關於同意招商銀行證券業務部試營業的通知》([1991]深人銀發字第140號)), the Securities
Department of China Merchants Bank was incorporated upon registration with the Shenzhen Administration
for Industry and Commerce.
     On August 1, 1993, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China (Shenzhen branch) pursuant to
the Approval for the Granting of Level 2 Legal Person Qualification to All Securities Business Department in
Shenzhen (Shen Ren Yin Fu Zi [1993] No. 394) (《關於同意賦予各深圳證券業務部二級法人資格的批覆》(深人
銀覆字[1993]第394號)), the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank was permitted by the Shenzhen
Administration for Industry and Commerce to be incorporated as a legal person and became a level 2 legal
person under China Merchants Bank with a registered capital of RMB25 million.
      On August 26, 1994, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China pursuant to the Approval for
the Incorporation of CMB Securities Company (Yin Fu [1994] No.161) (《關於成立招銀證券公司的批覆》(銀
覆[1994] 161號)) and the permission by the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, China
Merchants Bank, building on its Securities Department, established Shenzhen CMB Securities Company with a
registered capital of RMB 150 million. On September 28, 1994, the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and
Commerce permitted Shenzhen CMB Securities Company to change its name to CMB Securities Company (招
銀證券公司).
      On November 6, 1998, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China pursuant to the Approval for the
 Reformed Structure and Capital Increase of CMB Securities Company (招銀證券公司) (Yin Fu [1997] No.529)
(《 關於招銀證券公司增資改制的批覆》(銀覆[1997] 529號)) and the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the
 Reformed Structure and Capital Increase and Change of Name of CMB Securities Company (招銀證券公司)
 (Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [1998] No. 27) (《關於同意招銀證券公司增資改制、更名的批覆》(證監機構字[1998] 27
 號)) and with the permission of the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, CMB Securities
 Company introduced 11 new shareholders for the purpose of capital increase and structure reform, and
 changed its name to Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司). Its registered
 capital increased from RMB 150 million to RMB 800 million. China Merchants Bank contributed to the capital
 by means of the net assets of CMB Securities Company while the 11 new shareholders contributed to the
 capital by means of cash.
      On August 31, 2000, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Capital Increase of
Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [2000] No.15) (《關於核准國通證券有限責任公
司增資擴股的批覆》(證監機構字[2000] 15號)) and the permission of the Shenzhen Administration for Industry
and Commerce, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司) increased its capital.
With a total of RMB 1.4 billion capital injection made by 12 shareholders including China Merchants Bank, the
registered capital of the Company increased to RMB 2.2 billion.
     From 2000 to 2001, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company underwent various equity transfers,
and the number of its shareholders increased from 12 to 40.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

18
                             Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      On December 26, 2001, being approved by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC pursuant to the Approval
for the Relevant Issues on State-owned Shares Management by Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有
限公司) (Cai Qi [2001] No. 723) (《關於國通證券股份有限公司 (籌) 國有股權管理有關問題的批覆》(財企[2001]
723號)), the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Change of Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company
(國通證券有限責任公司) to a Joint Stock Limited Company (Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [2001] No. 285) (《關於同意
國通證券有限責任公司改制為股份有限公司的批覆》(證監機構字[2001] 285號)), the Municipal Government
of Shenzhen pursuant to the Approval for Shareholding Structure Reform by Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國
通證券股份有限公司) (Shen Fu Gu [2001] No. 49) (《 關於整體改組設立國通證券股份有限公司的批覆》(深府
股[2001] 49號)), and the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, Guotong Securities Limited
Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司) reformed its company structure and changed its name to Guotong
Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司). The 40 shareholders of Guotong Securities Limited Liability
Company, as the promoters, converted the audited net asset of Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company
as at December 31, 2000 on a 1:1 basis into the capital of the joint-stock company comprising a total of
2,400,280,638 shares, forming a registered capital of RMB 2,400,280,638. The domicile was at 8/F-11/F,
Block East, Huaqiang Jiahe Building, No. 34 Shennan Central Road, Futian District, Shenzhen.
      On June 28, 2002, being approved by the CSRC pursuant to the Reply on the Filing of Guotong Securities
Co., Ltd. for the Changes of Name and Business Address (Ji Gou Bu Bu Han [2002] No. 120) (《關於國通證券
股份有限公司更名、遷址有關材料備案的回函》(機構部部函[2002] 120號)) and the Shenzhen Administration
for Industry and Commerce, Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) was renamed as China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司) and the domicile was changed to 38/F-45/F, Block A,
Jiangsu Building, Yitian Road, Futian District, Shenzhen.
      In 2006, being approved by the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Reduction of Shares and Capital
Increase of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., (Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [2006] No. 179) (《關於招商證券股份有
限公司縮股並增資擴股的批覆》(證監機構字[2006] 179號)) and the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and
Commerce, the Company conducted share reduction and capital increase. Based on the audited net assets
as at December 31, 2005, the total share capital was reduced from 2,400,280,638 shares to 1,726,915,266
shares. Following the reduction, seven shareholders subscribed the newly issued 1.5 billion shares, which
increased the share capital and the registered capital of the Company to 3,226,915,266 shares and RMB
3,226,915,266, respectively.
      On November 17, 2009, being approved by the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Initial Public
Offering of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2009] No. 1132) (《關於核准招商證券
股份有限公司首次公開發行股票的批覆》(證監許可[2009] 1132號)) and the SSE pursuant to the Notice on
the Listing and Trading of RMB Ordinary Shares of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., (Shang Zheng Fa Zi
[2009] No. 18) (《關於招商證券股份有限公司人民幣普通股股票上市交易的通知》(上證發字[2009] 18號)), the
Company launched its initial public offering of 358,546,141 A Shares on the SSE, among which 286,837,000
shares and 71,709,141 shares were subscribed and settled online and offline, respectively. With an offer
price of RMB 31 per share, the Company raised a total of RMB 11.115 billion and received a net proceeds
of RMB 10.883 billion after deducting offering expenses of RMB 232 million. Following the completion of
the offering, the total share capital of the Company increased from 3,226,915,266 shares to 3,585,461,407
shares.
     In July 2011, the Company converted its capital reserve into shares on the basis of three shares for
every ten shares, through which the total share capital of the Company increased by 1,075,638,422 shares to
4,661,099,829 shares from 3,585,461,407 shares.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                        19
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     In May 2014, being approved by the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Private Placement of Shares
of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2014] No. 455) (《關於核准招商證券股份有限公
司非公開發行股票的批覆》(證監許可[2014] 455號)), the Company issued 1,147,035,700 shares (A Shares)
at RMB 9.72 each by way of private placement, raising a total of RMB 11,149,187,004.00 and receiving
a net proceeds of RMB 11,101,736,135.93 after deducting the offering expenses of RMB 47,450,868.07.
The new shares were registered and deposited with Shanghai office of the CSDC on May 27, 2014. On
October 15, 2014, the Company completed the registration for the increase of the registered capital to RMB
5,808,135,529.
      On October 7, 2016, the Company completed the public issuance of overseas-listed foreign shares (H
Shares) at an offer price of HK$12.00 per share, raising total proceeds of HK$10,695,285,600.00. After
deducting the offering expenses, the net proceeds amounted to RMB 8,947,439,178.14. On the same
day, being approved by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company issued 891,273,800 overseas-listed
foreign shares (H Shares) for the listing and trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Following the offering, the total share capital of the Company has increased from 5,808,135,529 shares to
6,699,422,311 shares. Due to a change in the shareholding by Liaoneng Holdings, an original state-owned
shareholder of the Company, the deregistration for 12,982 A Shares which should have been transferred by
it has not yet completed.
     On March 27, 2017, deregistration for 12,982 A Shares held by Liaoneng Holdings, an original state-
owned shareholder of the Company, was completed. Total share capital of the Company was changed to
6,699,409,329 shares. For details, please see the Announcement on the Replenishment of State-owned
Shares for Fulfilment of Transfer Obligation by Liaoneng Holdings, an Original State-owned Shareholder (《關
於原國有股東遼寧遼能實業有限公司補充履行國有股轉持義務的公告》) of the Company dated March 27,
2017 published on the SSE website. On May 17, 2017, the Company completed the increase of its registered
capital to RMB 6,699,409,329.
    In November and December 2018, the registered address and office address has been changed to
“No.111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen (深圳市福田區福田街道福華一路111號)”.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Audit Department



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ECT                        Investment Banking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Inspection Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Associated Companies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Guangdong Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Legal and Compliance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Exchange Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Bosera Funds
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Risk Management Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     China Merchants Fund

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Commission for Discipline Inspection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Ofﬁce/Supervision Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CMS Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Party Committee Ofﬁce




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Nomination Committee   Controlled Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          CMS Zhiyuan




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Strategy Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk Management




                                                                                                                                                             Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Technological Innovation Ofﬁce




                                     As at the end of the Reporting Period, our corporate organizational structure was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     China Merchants Futures


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Appraisal Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           General Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CMS Asset Management


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Capital Management Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CMS International


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Finance Department




                                                                                                                                     Shareholders’ meeting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Departments and Ofﬁces
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Human Resources Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Development Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  International Business Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Shanghai Pilot Free




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  IT Management Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Trade Zore Branch


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Innovative Development
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           IT Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Investment Banking



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Product Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk Management                        Strategy Execution                                                                                                                                                     Confidentiality
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Guangdong Branch


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Hubei Branch         Operation Management Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                         Committee                              Committee                                                                                                                                         Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Committee                                                                                                                                   Shandong Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Research and Development Centre

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Xibei Branch




Corporate organizational structure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Debt and Capital Market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Anhui Branch

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Equity and Capital Market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Jiangsu Branch                    Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Qingdao Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      OTC Business Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Guangxi Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Custody Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Shanghai Branch

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Beijing Branch             Investment Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Shenzhen Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Investment Banking Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       258 securities branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Wealth Management and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Institutional Business Department



(II)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        21
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                             Registered
                                                                                            Date of
           No.   Company name                              Address                                          Capital (RMB Person in charge Contact number
                                                                                         Incorporation
                                                                                                           ten thousand)

                                                                                                                         WU Guangyan
       1         CMS International   48/F, One Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong      July 14, 1999              N/A                   0755-82943666
                                                                                                                         (吳光焰)
                                     9/F Unit 9–15, 7/F Unit 1–8 and Unit 22–26,
                 China Merchants                                                                                         LI Zongjun
       2                             Duty Free Building, No. 6 Fuhua Yi Road,           January 4, 1993         63,000                   0755-82943666
                    Futures                                                                                              (李宗軍)
                                     Futian District, Shenzhen

                                     Unit 1501, 15/F, Building 3, Courtyard No. 1,                                       DENG Xiaoli
       3         CMS Zhiyuan                                                            August 28, 2009        210,000                   0755-82943666
                                     Yuetan South Street, Xicheng District, Beijing                                      (鄧曉力)

                                     Room 201, Block A, Comprehensive Office Building
                                     of Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone,
                                                                                                                         ZHAO Bin
       4         CMS Investment      1 Liyumen Street, Qianwan 1st Road,                December 2, 2013       310,000                   0755-82943666
                                                                                                                         (趙斌)
                                     Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone,
                                     Shenzhen

                                     Room 201, Block A, 1 Qianwan 1st Road,
                 CMS Asset                                                                                               DENG Xiaoli
       5                             Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone,       April 3, 2015          100,000                   0755-82943666
                 Management                                                                                              (鄧曉力)
                                     Shenzhen




(III) The number and distribution of securities branches of the Company

      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has opened 258 securities branches, and there
is another 1 branch which have been approved for preparation but have not commenced operation. The
distribution of those operating securities branches is as follow:

       Regional Distribution                                                                                                    Number of branches
       Beijing and Tianjin                                                                                                                           33
       Yangtze River Delta: Shanghai, Jiangsu and Zhejiang                                                                                           50
       Guangdong Pearl River Delta                                                                                                                   57
       Other cities                                                                                                                                 118




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

22
                                     Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(IV) Amount of other branches and their distribution

    As at the end of 2019, the Company had 12 branches, the basic information of which is as follows:

                                                      Date of                                                  Person-in-
      No.          Name of the branch                                          Place of business                                Contact number
                                                   incorporation                                                charge
                                                                      Suite 16F2, 16G & 16H, Times
            Shenzhen Branch of China
                                                                      Fortune Building, South Eastern         HE Jincheng
     1      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商    February 1, 2010                                                            0755-82922188
                                                                      Part, Central Area, Futian District,    (何錦成)
            證券股份有限公司深圳分公司)
                                                                      Shenzhen
            Shanghai Branch of China Merchants                        Room 3008, Orient Building,
                                                                                                              SHEN Yun
     2      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有         February 12, 2010   No.1500 Century Avenue, Pudong                          021-68407177
                                                                                                              (沈雲)
            限公司上海分公司)                                                 New District, Shanghai
            Beijing Branch of China Merchants                         Unit A1A2, 8/F, Unit C2D1, 9/F &
                                                                                                              YAN Xiaohui
     3      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有         February 26, 2010   Unit B1B2, 11/F, No.118 Jianguo                         010-65684912
                                                                                                              (嚴曉暉)
            限公司北京分公司)                                                 Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
            Guangxi Branch of China Merchants                         3/F, Shidailidu Mansion, No.38-
                                                                                                              HU Yi
     4      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有         May 25, 2011        1 Jinhu Road, Qingxiu District,                         0771-5596333
                                                                                                              (胡毅)
            限公司廣西分公司)                                                 Nanning, Guangxi
            Qingdao Branch of China Merchants                         Level 2, 100 Duplex, No.17-21
                                                  September 1,                                                PENG Xiuling
     5      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                             Xian Xa Lin Road, Laoshan District,                     0532-66889555
                                                  2011                                                        (彭秀玲)
            限公司青島分公司)                                                 Qingdao, Shandong
            Jiangsu Branch of China Merchants                                                                 MURONG
                                                  December 28,        3/F, Touzi Building, No.414
     6      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                                                                     Xinyao          025-52868366
                                                  2012                Zhongshannan Road, Nanjing
            限公司江蘇分公司)                                                                                         (慕容馨颻)
            Anhui Branch of China Merchants                           Suite 1-501 to 1-511, Hui Feng
                                                                                                              YANG Delong
     7      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有         January 4, 2013     Plaza, No.118 Sui Xi Road, Luyang                       0551-65697168
                                                                                                              (楊德龍)
            限公司安徽分公司)                                                 District, Hefei
            Shandong Branch of China Merchants
                                                                      3/F, Huang Ting Complex, No.15          LI Hongying
     8      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限        January 9, 2013                                                             0531-67885777
                                                                      Quancheng Road, Lixia District, Jinan   (李紅英)
            公司山東分公司)
            Xibei Branch of China Merchants                           Semiconductor Industrial Park,
                                                                                                              WANG Feng
     9      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有         February 5, 2013    No.125 Gao Xin Jin Ye Road, Xi’an,                      029-38013258
                                                                                                              (王鋒)
            限公司西北分公司)                                                 Shaanxi Province
            Guangdong Branch of China
                                                                      Room 1101B, No.5 Huasui Road,           YU Jinbiao
     10     Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證   May 16, 2013                                                                020-38394801
                                                                      Tianhe District, Guangzhou              (余錦標)
            券股份有限公司廣東分公司)
            Hubei Branch of China Merchants
                                                                      No.236 Zhong Bei Road, Wuchang          ZHANG Yin
     11     Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有         October 4, 2013                                                             027-86770878
                                                                      District, Wuhan                         (張銀)
            限公司湖北分公司)
            Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                      Room 603, 6/F, 68 Bohang Road,
            Branch of China Merchants                                                                         WANG Jinbao
     12                                           January 3, 2017     China (Shanghai) Pilot Free                             021–23519186
            Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                                                                     (王金寶)
                                                                      Trade Zone
            限公司上海自貿試驗區分公司)




                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              23
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VII. Other Relevant Information

                                                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                                       Name
                                                              Accountants LLP
       Domestic accounting firm                               30/F, Bund Center, 222 Yan An Road East, Huangpu,
                                       Office address
       appointed by the Company                               Shanghai
                                       Names of the signing
                                                              HONG Ruiming (洪銳明), LIU Lei (劉磊)
                                       accountants
                                       Name                   Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                              35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong
       International accounting firm   Office address
                                                              Kong
       appointed by the Company
                                       Names of the signing
                                                              CHEN Hemei (陳和美)
                                       accountant
                                                              Beijing Jingtian Gongcheng Law Firm, Shenzhen
                                       Name
                                                              Office
       Domestic legal adviser
       appointed by the Company                               Unit 05-06, 16/F, China Resources Tower, No.2666
                                       Office address         Keyuan South Road, Yuehai Street, Nanshan District,
                                                              Shenzhen
                                       Name                   Clifford Chance
       International legal adviser
       appointed by the Company                               27th Floor, Jardine House, One Connaught Place,
                                       Office address
                                                              Central, Hong Kong
                                       Name                   Shanghai Branch of CSDC
       A Share Registrar                                      3/F, China Insurance Building,166 Lujiazui East Road,
                                       Office address
                                                              Pudong New District, Shanghai
                                       Name                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
       H Share Registrar                                      17M Floor, Hopewell Centre,183 Queen’s Road East,
                                       Office address
                                                              Wanchai, Hong Kong




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

24
                                      Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VIII. Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators in the Past Three Years

(I)   Key accounting data

                                                                              Unit: Thousand    Currency: RMB

                                                                              Year-on year
                                                                                 increase/
                                                                                 decrease
             Key accounting data                      2019            2018             (%)                2017

       Total revenue and other income           25,659,101      18,069,548           42.00          19,258,886

       Profit of the year attributable to
         shareholders of the Company             7,282,381       4,424,986           64.57           5,785,956

       Profit of the year attributable to
         shareholders of the Company
         after deduction of non-
         recurring profit or loss                7,304,946       4,419,589           65.29           5,783,983

       Net cash from operating activities       –1,149,490      36,690,925         –103.13         –27,311,295

       Other comprehensive income                  350,269         186,910           87.40             476,241


                                                                              Year-on year
                                                                                 increase/
                                              As at the end   As at the end      decrease         As at the end
                                                    of 2019         of 2018            (%)              of 2017

       Total assets                            381,771,889     304,930,705           25.20         285,643,555

       Total liabilities                       296,644,038     224,138,351           32.35         206,309,851

       Equity attributable to shareholders
         of the Company                         85,048,321      80,722,846            5.36          79,230,149

       Total equity                             85,127,851      80,792,354            5.37          79,333,704




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            25
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(II)   Key financial indicators


                                                          Year-on year
                                                             increase/
                                                             decrease
          Key financial indicator      2019      2018              (%)    2017

        Basic earnings per share
        (RMB per share)                0.97      0.54            78.93    0.78

        Diluted earnings per share
        (RMB per share)                0.97      0.54            78.93    0.78

        Basic earnings per share
        after deduction of non-
        recurring profit or loss
        (RMB per share)                0.97      0.54            79.82    0.78

        Weighted average return                       Increased by 3.93
        on net assets (%)              9.51      5.58 percentage points   8.39

        Weighted average return
        on net assets after
        deduction of non-recurring                    Increased by 3.97
        profit or loss (%)             9.54      5.57 percentage points   8.38




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

26
                                    Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(III) Net capital and risk control indicators of the parent company

                                                                                      Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB

                                                                   As at the end of              As at the end of
                                 Items                        the Reporting Period                      Last Year
      Net capital                                                   48,651,440,529.94          52,815,746,346.60
      Net assets                                                    78,190,124,913.63          75,518,016,192.53
      Sum of risk capital provisions                                20,227,306,973.01          17,090,060,265.22
      Total assets on- and off-balance sheet                    309,933,814,118.10            251,421,719,027.43
      Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                  240.52                       309.04
      Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                13.44                        15.52
      Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                             222.67                       277.30
      Net stable funding ratio (%)                                             157.77                       159.64
      Net capital/net assets (%)                                                62.22                        69.94
      Net capital/liabilities (%)                                               22.26                        31.77
      Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                35.78                        45.42
      Value of proprietary equity securities and its
      derivatives/net capital (%)                                               32.50                        22.27
      Value of proprietary non-equity securities and its
      derivatives/net capital (%)                                              329.96                       246.47



(IV) Key financial data and indicators for the last five years

1.   Earnings

                                                                                     Unit: Million    Currency: RMB

                    Items                      2019         2018             2017             2016            2015

      Revenue and other income              25,659         18,070           19,259           18,552          34,989

      Total expenses                        17,767         13,540           12,998           12,728          21,906

      Profit before income tax               8,774          5,447            7,107            6,453          13,634

      Profit for the year
      — attributable to shareholders
      of the Company                         7,282          4,425            5,786            5,403          10,909




                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                27
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



2.   Assets

                                                                                        Unit: Million    Currency: RMB

                                           December 31,   December 31,   December 31,    December 31,     December 31,
                       Items                      2019           2018           2017            2016             2015

       Total assets                             381,772        304,931        285,644         243,058          291,656

       Total liabilities                        296,644        224,138        206,310         183,143          243,224

       Accounts payable to brokerage
       clients                                   61,724         48,912         51,095           67,582          88,749

       Equity attributable to
       shareholders of the Company               85,048         80,723         79,230           59,826          48,351

       Share capital                              6,699          6,699          6,699            6,699           5,808



3.   Key financial indicators


                       Items                      2019           2018           2017             2016            2015

       Basic earnings per share (in RMB)           0.97           0.54           0.78             0.91            1.88

       Diluted earnings per share
       (in RMB)                                    0.97           0.54           0.78             0.91            1.88

       Weighted average return on
       net assets (%)                              9.51           5.58           8.39            10.58           23.95

       Gearing ratio (%)                          73.40          68.44          66.18            65.86           76.13

     Note: Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – Accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(Total assets – Accounts
           payable to brokerage clients)


IX. Discrepancies in Financial Data between Domestic and International Accounting
    Standards

     There was no difference between the net profit for 2019 and 2018 and net assets as of December 31,
2019 and December 31, 2018 as set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance
with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and in the consolidated financial statements
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

28
                                          Chapter 3: Summary of Operation


I.     Principal Business and Operating Models of the Company and Relevant
       Industry Condition during the Reporting Period

(I)    Principal business and operating models of the Company during the Reporting Period

      Operating with a client-oriented approach, the Group offers diverse and comprehensive financial
products and services to individual, institutional and corporate clients, and engages in investment and trading.
Its principal business lines comprise the following:
      Wealth management and institutional business: the Company trades stocks, funds, bonds, futures
and other derivatives on behalf of our clients and provides them with other value-added services such as
investment consultancy, investment portfolio recommendation, sales of products, account assessment and
assets allocation in return for fees and commissions. The Company also provides capital-based intermediary
services (including margin financing and securities lending as well as stock pledge repo) to clients and earns
interest income. In addition, the Company provides investment research, sales and trading, prime brokerage
and other services for a variety of institutions such as funds and insurance companies in order to gain fees and
commissions.
      Investment banking: the Company provides one-stop domestic and international investment banking
services to its corporate clients, including domestic and international equity financing, debt financing,
structured financing, over-the-counter (OTC) listing, financial advisory and other services. In return, it earns
underwriting and sponsorship fees and financial advisory fees.
     Investment management: the Company provides investment management services, including collective
asset management, separately managed account, specialized asset management, equity investment fund
management, and earns management fees and performance fees.
      Investment and trading: the Company engages in proprietary trading and market-making business in
relation to equity and fixed-income securities, commodities, alternative investment and other derivatives as
well as OTC financial products to earn investment income. It also adopts advanced investment and trading
strategies and techniques for mitigating investment risks and boosting returns.


(II)   Development of the industry and market where the Company operates during the Reporting
       Period

      During the Reporting Period, the average daily turnover of stocks and funds in the SSE and the SZSE was
RMB 542.661 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 38.71%. The CSI 300 Index, the ChiNext Index
and the ChinaBond Composite Total Return Index (Total Value) rose by 36.07%, 43.79% and 4.59% year-
on-year, respectively. The amount of financing through IPO in the primary market was RMB 253.367 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 84.28%. The amount of refinancing (excluding share issuance for
asset acquisition, same for below) was RMB 675.279 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 50.69%.
Bonds (excluding central bank bills and interbank deposit certificates) issued totaled RMB 26.93 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 18.82%. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin
financing and securities lending on the SSE and the SZSE amounted to RMB 1,019.285 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 34.88%. The balance of stock pledge repo amounted to RMB 431.146 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 30.25%. The total principal amount of custodian funds of brokerage
management amounted to RMB 12.29 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.90%.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            29
Chapter 3: Summary of Operation



       According to the statistics from the Securities Association of China, in 2019, the operating income
of 133 securities firms (data from unaudited financial statements) amounted to RMB 360.483 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 35.37%. Net profit amounted to RMB 123.095 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 84.77%. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets of the securities
industry amounted to RMB 7.26 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.10%. Net assets amounted
to RMB 2.02 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.96%. Net capital amounted to RMB 1.62
trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.01%.


II.   Analysis on Core Competitiveness during the Reporting Period

      The Company, under the control of China Merchants Group, is the largest securities firm of the SASAC.
Over years of development, the Company has built up significant competitive advantages. First, the Company
adheres to continuous stable operations. It has been granted the highest “AA” rating for securities firms
for 12 consecutive years, which represents a strong pillar for the Company to rely on when seeking policy
support, seizing significant opportunities for new pilot projects, making responses to the volatile capital
market and facing peer competition in the future. Second, our service capability with a full-service platform
that covers a whole industrial chain, a balanced business structure and a solid development foundation
will help the Company develop the business with its own features, differentiate its edges and facilitate the
provision of one-stop services to customers, thereby paving a sound foundation for development. Third, the
brokerage business of Company has a solid foundation with increasingly strengthened competitiveness. It has
strong capability in providing comprehensive services to institutional clients and maintains stable performance
in respect of providing whole industry chain services to corporate clients. It also stands out in certain business
segments. Fourth, the Company enjoys the strong brand name of “China Merchants” and its shareholders
background as well as good reputation in the market.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company’s total revenue and other income amounted to RMB 25.659
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 42%, and net profit attributable to the parent company
amounted to RMB 7.282 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 64.57%. According to the statistics
from the Securities Association of China, in terms of net income from agency trading (including leasing of
trading seats), interest income from margin financing and securities lending, interest income from stock
pledge, net income from investment banking and net income from agency sale of financial products, the
Company ranked seventh, sixth, seventh, sixth and eighth, respectively. According to the statistics from the
Asset Management Association of China and Wind, in terms of number of private and mutual funds under
custody, scale of assets under management, average monthly active private AUM by securities firms in the
fourth quarter and net income from asset management, the Company ranked first, fourth, fourth and ninth,
respectively. According to the statistics from Wind (using issue date as statistics caliber), in terms of overall
scale of domestic equity and bond lead underwriting, equity lead underwriting (excluding share issuance for
asset acquisition) and bond lead underwriting, the Company ranked fifth, seventh and fifth, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

30
                      Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors


I.   Operation Discussion and Analysis

      In 2019, the global economy showed a downturn with increasing risks and challenges emerged. The
Sino-US trade friction became the biggest threat to global economic growth. While the domestic macro
economy faced significant downward pressure, the economy remained stable and structural adjustment
advanced steadily. Regulators continued to focus on intensifying financial supply-side structural reform
to prevent systemic financial risks and speed up the two-way opening-up of the financial industry. The
stock market recovered as compared to 2018. As at the end of 2019, the SSE Composite Index and SZSE
Component Index rose 22.37% and 44.08% year-on-year, respectively; core market data such as the amount
of financing in the primary market, the average daily trading volume of stocks and funds in the secondary
market and the scale of margin financing and securities lending achieved positive growth year-on-year; and
the operating income and net profit of the securities industry also achieved positive growth year-on-year.
      In 2019, the Company seized the moment with foresights, reinforced its confidence and successfully
implemented its reform strategy. First, revenue increased substantially and operating results for the
current period improved significantly. The total revenue and other income and net profit attributable to
shareholders of the parent company for the year amounted to RMB 25.659 billion and RMB 7.282 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 42% and 64.57%, respectively. ROE was 9.51%, representing a
year-on-year increase of 3.93 percentage points. The Company’s operating income and net profit both
achieved the second highest results in history, and profitability and comprehensive competitiveness were
further enhanced. Second, the Company solidly advanced transformation and reform and continuously
strengthened its sustainable development capability. Leveraging on the opportunity of the SOE Reform
“Double-hundred Action” and the quality and efficiency improvement program of China Merchants Group,
the Company launched and intensively promoted key reforms, such as the mechanism of “staff can get in
and out; cadre can go up and down; salary can be high and low”, data governance, process reengineering
and the “Gazelle Program”. In March 2020, the Company’s employee stock ownership scheme was officially
implemented, which was conducive to fully motivating the employees and further promoting the long-term,
sustainable and sound growth of the Company. Third, the Company comprehensively improved the level of
internal control and continued to maintain compliance and sound operation. Facing strict regulation, the
Company continuously strengthened risk prevention and control and comprehensively improved compliance
management. There was no occurrence of non-compliance incidents with major risks during the year, and
various types of risk losses remained at a low level. The Company has been granted the “AA” regulatory rating
under the “A” category for securities firms for 12 consecutive years. In addition, the Company participated
in international credit rating for the first time in 2019 and has been granted Baa1 rating by Moody’s,
representing a stable outlook. This will be beneficial to the Company in saving overseas financing costs and
improving its capability for integrated cross-border services.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         31
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



II.   Operating Results of Major Businesses for the Reporting Period

(I)   Analysis of principal businesses

      The Company provides a full range of financial products and services to individual, institutional and
corporate clients. The Company’s business is principally divided into four segments: wealth management and
institutional business, investment banking, investment management as well as investment and trading.
                                                                                     Unit: RMB 100 million

                                                                                                    Year-
                                                                                                  on-year
 Business segment                                2019   Percentage         2018    Percentage     change

 Wealth management and institutional
 business                                      119.68      46.64%        113.53       62.83%       5.41%

 Investment banking                             18.80        7.33%        16.00        8.86%      17.47%

 Investment management                          18.74        7.30%        13.81        7.64%      35.64%

 Investment and trading                         73.59      28.68%         33.62       18.60%     118.90%

 Others                                         26.40      10.29%           4.34       2.40%     507.61%

      Revenue from wealth management and institutional business segment recorded a year-on-year increase
of 5.41% and its percentage of the total revenue and other income decreased by 16.19 percentage points.
Revenue from investment banking business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 17.47% and its
percentage of the total revenue and other income decreased by 1.53 percentage points. Revenue from
investment management business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 35.64% and its percentage
of the total revenue and other income decreased by 0.34 percentage points. Revenue from investment and
trading business segment recorded a significant year-on-year increase of 118.90% and its percentage of the
total revenue and other income increased by 10.07 percentage points. Revenue from other business segments
recorded a significant year-on-year increase of 507.61% and its percentage of the total revenue and other
income increased by 7.88 percentage points.


1.    Wealth management and institutional business

     The wealth management and institutional business of the Company mainly includes brokerage and
wealth management, capital-based intermediary business and institutional client integrated services.
     In 2019, the Company established a new wealth management and institutional business department,
which strongly supported the Company’s strategy of building specialized institutional and wealth
management business, in order to meet the challenges brought by the decline in brokerage commission rates
and the transformation of brokerage business.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

32
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(1)   Brokerage and wealth management

     In 2019, the one-way trading volume of stocks and funds in the A share market amounted to RMB
132.41 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.28%. The average net commission rate of the
industry decreased by 9.29% year-on-year to 0.279‰, which showed a continuous downward trend over the
past years.
      During the Reporting Period, the market share of trading volume of stocks and funds and the market
share of net income from agency trading of the Company both increased year-on-year. Among which, the
market share of net income from agency trading reached 4.42%, ranked seventh in the industry. Adhering
to a customer-oriented philosophy and principally driven by Fintech and big data, the Company enhanced
multiple core service scenarios of the Zhiyuan Yi Hu Tong (智遠一戶通) APP, launched the “Smart Family”
series, enhanced post-investment analysis of big data and further broadened the diversity of the Zhiyuan Yi Hu
Tong APP. In 2019, the Company’s APP recorded a monthly active user of 3.021 million, representing a year-
on-year increase of 27.8%.
      The Company steadily promoted the transformation of its brokerage business to wealth management.
On the basis of meeting client’s trading and investment demand, the Company provided asset allocation
services to optimize client’s asset structure, reduce asset fluctuations generated by market cycles, achieve
steady growth of client’s assets and achieve income stability. In terms of meeting client’s trading demand,
through the continuous upgrade of the “Zhiyuan Wealth Management” wealth management plan, leveraging
on the Company’s internal research resources and industry-leading technological system, the Company
provided five categories of service packages, namely Zhifu (智富), Zhixun (智訊), Zhiying (智贏), Zhirui (智
睿) and Zhizun (智尊). In respect of financial product allocation services, leveraging on the research edges as
a securities firm, the Company provided market analysis, investment advice on asset allocation, investment
portfolio recommendations under different customer risk assessments and introduction of key financial
products to continuously explore client’s wealth management needs. The Company improved product
introduction and customization efficiency, enhanced the customer experience of the wealth management
column of the Zhiyuan Yi Hu Tong APP, strengthened the marketing efforts of its branches, improved after-
sales service support of products and gradually built a specialized wealth management model. In 2019, the
Company’s agency sales of financial products amounted to RMB 834.685 billion, representing a year-on-year
increase of 10.68%.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          33
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                             Major operational data of wealth management

                                                                                                        Year-on-year
       Operating indicators                                         2019                 2018                change

       Trading volume of stocks and funds
       (unit: RMB 100 million) (note 1)                       108,420.56            75,046.07                44.47%

       Market share of the trading volume of                                                      Increased by 0.14
       stocks and funds                                           4.09%                3.95%      percentage points

       Ranking in terms of net revenue from
       agency securities trading                                       7                    7                     —

       Number of eligible accounts
       (unit: 10,000) (note 2)                                  1,186.62             1,024.72                15.80%

       Number of new accounts opened in the year
       (unit 10,000)                                              133.54               143.69                -7.07%

       Number of branches (note 3)                                                                       Increased by
                                                                     258                  249              9 branches

       Number of wealth management advisors                          859                  820                 4.76%

       Number of accumulated clients under
       wealth management plans (unit: 10,000)                     269.68               264.37                 2.01%

       Trading volume under clients of
       wealth management plans (unit: RMB 100 million)         16,658.46            13,202.26                26.18%

       Total sales of wealth management products
       (unit: RMB 100 million) (note 4)                         8,346.85             7,541.19                10.68%

       Net revenue from the agency sales of
       financial products (unit: RMB 10,000)                      19,651               17,515                12.20%

     Source: SSE and SZSE, Securities Association of China, internal statistics of the Company
     Note:    1.    Transaction volume of stocks and funds of the Company represents bilateral transaction volume.
              2.    Eligible accounts refer to capital accounts which are not dormant or unqualified.
              3.    As at the end of 2019, the Company has opened 258 securities branches, and there is another
                    1 branch which has been opened in February 2020.
              4.    Total sales of wealth management products include mutual funds, private investment funds,
                    collective asset management products of the Company (including subscription for and subsequent
                    purchase of margin management products), trust products and products of fund subsidiaries.
     In respect of options brokerage business, on 23 December 2019, three new stock index options, namely
the SSE and SZSE’s “CSI 300 ETF options” and the CFFEX’s “CSI 300 stock index options”, were launched
simultaneously, which was a milestone in the Chinese capital market and brought major development
opportunities to the stock options business. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s brokerage stock
options business developed actively, ranking sixth in terms of market share of aggregate trading volume. As at
the end of 2019, the Company’s market share of aggregate number of customers was 8.88%, continued to
rank first in the industry. In 2019, the Company was awarded “Top 10 Options Broker” for the second session
by the SSE.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

34
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      In respect of futures business, in 2019, as affected by the further resumption of normal trading of stock
index futures market, increase in futures and options variety and additional capital, the trading volume and
value of the Chinese futures market increased by 30.81% and 37.85% year-on-year, respectively. Meanwhile,
due to the decline in fee rates and adjustment of exchange policies, the revenue of the futures industry only
achieved slight growth. During the Reporting Period, China Merchants Futures accelerated the transformation
of its brokerage business, enhanced its services and support for IB business, strengthened the collaboration
and development of institutional business and vigorously developed commodity business. The Company’s
industry ranking in terms of operating income, net profit and customer’s equity steadily improved.
      In respect of overseas market, as at the end of 2019, the Hang Seng Index closed at 28,189.8 points,
representing an increase of 9%, and the average daily stock turnover in the Hong Kong market amounted
to HK$87.2 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 19%. During the Reporting Period, CMS
International actively expanded its products and channels in the equities business, launched a new version
of the US stock trading system, introduced algorithmic trading, explored stock swap business and actively
studied the feasibility of high-frequency trading.


(2)   Capital-based intermediary services

     The Company’s capital-based intermediary services mainly include margin financing and securities
lending as well as stock pledge repo.
     In 2019, the scale of margin financing and securities lending business in the securities market steadily
expanded. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin financing and securities lending
business in the industry amounted to RMB 1,019.285 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.88%;
the scale of stock pledge repo continued to shrink, and the risks were gradually mitigated. The STAR Market
was successfully launched in July, which not only made great breakthroughs in trading mechanism and
securities refinancing mechanism, but also played an important role in activating the market and boosting the
income of securities firms.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company proactively responded to changes in market situation.
While prudently controlling risks, the Company continued to strengthen the compliance of the capital-
based intermediary business, the comprehensiveness of due diligence and the effectiveness of continuous
management, so as to achieve a balanced development in terms of quality, scale and efficiency. As at the
end of 2019, the balance of the Company’s margin financing and securities lending amounted to RMB
51.459 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.03%, and the overall maintenance coverage ratio
was 308.66%. The balance of stock pledge repo amounted to RMB 30.285 billion, and the overall collateral
coverage ratio was 294.68%. Of which, contribution from self-owned capital was RMB 21.088 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.66%, and the collateral coverage ratio was 344.22%. In addition,
the Company was one of the first pilot brokerages for market-oriented securities refinancing of the STAR
Market, and actively established a win-win model of cooperation with lending institutions such as mutual
funds, so as to increase the supply of securities, while vigorously compete for securities lending customers and
expand the scale of securities lending business of the Company.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            35
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors




                                            Capital-based intermediary business

                                                                                                   Year-on-year
                   Operating indicators                            2019                2018             change

       Balance of margin financing and
       securities lending (unit: RMB 100 million)                 514.59             386.81              33.03%

       Market share of margin financing and                                                    Decreased by 0.07
       securities lending                                         5.05%              5.12%     percentage points
       Balance of stock pledge repo
       (unit: RMB 100 million)                                   302.85             388.07             -21.96%

      Source: SSE and SZSE, internal statistics of the Company
     In the overseas market, in April 2019, the SFC introduced new financing rules that impose more
regulatory requirements on margin business, in particular illiquid collateral, which has restricted the
development of business scale to a certain extent. As at the end of 2019, the balance of margin business of
CMS International was HK$ 4.371 billion.


(3)   Institutional client integrated services

     The integrated service system for institutional clients is based on investment research, trading and
custody services, and provides value-added services such as product sales, margin financing and securities
lending, market making, operation outsourcing and fund incubation. An integrated service system that
provides a full package of solutions for institutional clients has been initially established.


①     Institutional integrated services

      In 2019, the Company continued to place equal emphasis on research services and product allocation
to continuously enhance its competitiveness in institutional integrated services. The Company enhanced and
improved the research service methods for public offering funds and specialized private funds, promoted
diversified research resources and comprehensively enhanced the satisfaction of institutional clients. With
customers as the focus, excellent public offering and private fund products were introduced. The Company
fully explored the marketing potential of the brokerage branches, improved the product conversion rate
of customer assets and speeded up its wealth management transformation. The Company strengthened
the settlement model of brokerage firm and the cooperation in fund market-making business, securities
refinancing business and other relevant businesses to meet the diversified service needs of institutional clients.
The Company strengthened the capabilities of capital introduction, incubation and investment, and further
improved its market competitiveness in terms of comprehensive services to institutional clients. The Company
has continuously optimized the “integrated institutional services” platform, so as to develop specialized edges
for its institutional client business.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

36
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



②    Research

      During the Reporting Period, the Company actively promoted research transformation, strengthened
new economy and new industry research capabilities and focused on the support for the Company’s core
businesses such as investment banking, wealth management, institutional business and investment, while also
provided full support for the Gazelle Program of the Company, exploring high-quality target customers for
the “investment plus investment banking” business of the Company. The Company continued to improve the
standard of research services for mutual fund clients and increase the market share of the Company’s fund
trading volume. In 2019, mutual fund trading volume of the Company accounted for 4.58%. The Company’s
research covers macroeconomic analysis, investment strategy, sector and company research, fixed-income
products and derivatives, etc.. As at the end of 2019, the Company’s stock research involves 1,252 listed
companies in 18 industry sectors and 72 categories on the CSRC, covering 89% of the total market
capitalization of CSI 300 Index constituent stocks and 84% of the total market capitalization of ChiNext
Index constituent stocks, and the Company takes the leading positions in the research of a wide variety of
areas, including food and beverage, environmental protection, paper and light industry, electronic household
appliances, communications, media, macro-economy, quantization, electronics, automobiles, electric devices,
as well as new energy, military industry, small and mid-cap, fixed income, coal, petrochemical, finance, real
estates, etc..
     In respect of overseas research, CMS International achieved remarkable results. In Asia Money’s ranking
in 2019, the Company’s overseas research ranked top five in the categories of China H shares, Red-Chips,
P-Chips (private enterprise shares) and Hong Kong (local).


③    Custody and outsourcing

      In 2019, the development of the asset management industry made progress amidst stability. As at the
end of 2019, the overall AUM of mutual and private funds was RMB 14.8 trillion and RMB 13.74 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 12.98% and 7.51%, respectively. The private fund industry continued
to lessen its restrictions on foreign investment. As at the end of the Reporting Period, 23 well-known WFOEs
(wholly foreign owned enterprises) successfully registered as private investment fund managers. Meanwhile,
one new custody securities firm and eight new fund outsourcing service institutions were established during
the year, resulted in more intense industry competition.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company’s custody and outsourcing business continued to transform
to integrated financial services. The Company has focused its efforts on strengthening its collaboration
with customers, and improved the quality and efficiency through Fintech. Meanwhile, the Company actively
expanded the scope of fund outsourcing services, and maintained steady growth of asset custody and
fund outsourcing business by providing value-added services such as financial engineering modeling and
development and performance evaluation. As at the end of 2019, the number of custody and outsourcing
products (including asset management subsidiaries) of the Company was 20,586, representing a year-on-year
increase of 11.49%, and the size was RMB 2,239.9 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.12%.
The Company carried out a series of marketing activities focusing on key customers such as large-scale private
funds, large-scale key SOEs, WFOEs, mutual funds and bank wealth management, with leading edges in
serving large-scale private fund managers and foreign private funds.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          37
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China, in 2019, the number of
private funds products under our custody accounted for 25.03% of the brokerage custody industry. We
ranked first in the brokerage industry in terms of number of private fund products and mutual fund products
under custody for six consecutive years, and ranked first in the industry in terms of number of custody and
outsourcing service products of WFOEs. In addition, the Company is also the only institution in the industry
to provide operational outsourcing for mutual funds, the first to provide “custody plus outsourcing” services
for bank wealth management products, and the first to provide services for “private asset allocation fund
products”. In 2019, the Company’s custody and outsourcing business was awarded the “Best Private Funds
Custody Broker” of the China Fund Yinghua Award and the “Most Influential Custodian Broker of the Year”
of the Golden Tripod Awards of National Business Daily.


2.    Investment banking business

     Investment banking business of the Company includes equity underwriting, debt underwriting and
financial advisory businesses.
     In 2019, the Company established an investment banking business synergy committee to integrate
resources from the Company to promote the coordinated development of investment banking business,
while also vigorously promoted the industrial specialization of investment bank and the layout of key regions,
further improving customer service capabilities.


(1)   Equity underwriting

      In 2019, the approval rate for issuance of IPO rebounded significantly, and the overall IPO approval
rate rose from 65.29% in 2018 to 92.86% (excluding those cases of which reviews have been cancelled
and approvals were deferred). Meanwhile, the A Share equity financing market recovered, benefiting from
the rapid implementation of the registration-based IPO system of the STAR Market and the loosening of
refinancing regulatory policies. According to the statistics from Wind, the total amount of equity financing in
the A Share market (excluding share issuance for asset acquisition, same for below) was RMB 928.646 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 58.58%. A total of 202 IPOs were completed in the A Share market,
with a financing size of RMB 253.367 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 84.28%, of which, a
total of 72 IPOs on the STAR Market were completed, with a financing size of RMB 84.007 billion. The total
proceeds raised from refinancing amounted to RMB 675.279 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
50.69%.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company seized business opportunities arising from the STAR Market
and consolidated its edges in the IPO business. According to the positioning and requirements of the STAR
Market, the Company closely focused on high-quality science and technology innovation enterprises in
high-tech and strategically emerging sectors such as new generation information technology, biomedicine,
advanced equipment and new materials, and carried out continuous targeted marketing and actively
increased project reserves on the STAR Market. Through establishing efficient and collaborative business
process and mechanism within the Company, the Company ensured the smooth application and issuance of
projects under the STAR Market. The Company vigorously promoted the industrial specialization of investment
banks. Through the optimization and adjustment of organizational structure, the Company established nine
industry departments and strengthened the professional service capabilities by using customer list system
and comprehensive performance assessment. The Company further strengthened the key regional layouts
and set up regional offices in certain key cities (regions) to enhance regional marketing service capabilities. In
addition, the Company continued to strengthen the collaboration between industrial and financial companies
in each business sector of China Merchants Group, and vigorously explored business opportunities for key
SOEs and large-scale customers, comprehensively consolidating service capabilities for key customers.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

38
                                                     Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     According to the statistics from Wind, in 2019, the Company ranked seventh and eighth in the
industry in terms of the amount of A Share projects underwritten and the number of projects underwritten,
respectively, and the number of projects underwritten was up by 1 position from last year. Of which, the
Company ranked fourth in terms of the value of IPO underwritten, up by 1 position from last year. In respect
of the STAR Market, the value of IPO underwritten amounted to RMB 2.865 billion (average calculation based
on the number of lead underwriters), ranking seventh in the industry, and three projects were underwritten,
ranking eighth in the industry. The number of refinancing projects underwritten ranked eighth in the industry.
According to the statistics from the CSRC and the SSE, as at the end of 2019, the number of IPO projects
pending approval was 23 (including approved projects to be offered, and excluding IPO on the STAR Market),
ranking fourth in the industry. The number of projects under review by the STAR Market was 6 (including
those projects approved to be offered by the STAR Market Listing Committee of SSE), ranking fourth in the
industry.
       In 2019, the Company completed a series of projects with market influence, including the STAR Market
IPO of Espressif Systems (among the first batch of IPO projects listed on the STAR Market), the re-listing of
Nanjing Tanker Corporation (the first re-listing project in the A share market), the IPO of Hualin Securities (the
first brokerage IPO listing project in the Tibet Autonomous Region) and the public offering project of Topstar
(first public offering project on ChiNext). In addition, the Company also completed large-scale financing
projects such as the IPO of Bank of Suzhou, the IPO of Qingdao Rural Commercial Bank, the convertible bonds
of China Merchants Expressway and the non-public offering of shares of Muyuan Foods. The Company was
awarded various honors, including the title of “Excellent Member of the STAR Market” by the SSE, the “Best
Local Investment Bank” of the 13th New Fortune award and the “2019 China IPO Investment Bank Junding
Award” by the Securities Times.

                                     Amount and number of equity underwriting

                                           2019                                 2018

                                     Lead                            Lead
                             underwriting                    underwriting                         Year-on-year
                                  amount                          amount                             change in
                                (RMB100           Number of     (RMB100                Number of underwriting
              Item                million)          projects      million)               projects      amount

      IPOs                           141.96                 12               78.76             8        80.24%

      Refinancing                    128.60                 12              102.71             7        25.21%

      Total                          270.57                 24              181.46            15        49.11%

     Source: Statistics from Wind, using issue date as statistics caliber
     Note:    Refinancing excludes share issuance for asset acquisition




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              39
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Bond underwriting

      In 2019, the Chinese government strengthened its countercyclical policy adjustments to maintain
macroeconomic resilience. The liquidity of the bond market loosened moderately and the volatility of bond
market yield increased. Interest rates gradually returned to the level at the beginning of the year. The overall
scale of domestic bond financing grew steadily. The total bonds (excluding central bank bills and inter-bank
deposit certificates) issued amounted to RMB 26.93 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.82%.
Of which, the total credit bonds (excluding treasury bonds, local government bonds, central bank bills, inter-
bank deposit certificates and policy bank bonds) issued amounted to RMB 14.58 trillion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 28.25%. Sub-categories of bonds such as exchangeable bonds, corporate bonds and
enterprise bonds maintained a relatively strong growth momentum.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to enhance the underwriting capabilities and
constantly consolidated the market position of asset-backed securities and other advantageous products.
The bond underwriting business continued to maintain strong market competitiveness. According to the
statistics from Wind, in 2019, the amount of bonds underwritten was RMB 410.092 billion, ranking fifth in the
industry. Of which, the amount of ABS underwritten was RMB 233.682 billion, ranking second in the industry
with a market share of 13.03%. The total amount of credit ABS underwriting ranked first in the market for
five consecutive years. The Company continued to consolidate the cooperative relationship with key customer
groups such as financial and real estate companies, and provided financial bond underwriting, corporate
bond underwriting and asset securitization services to major commercial banks and real estate enterprises.
Meanwhile, on the basis of maintaining our strong capability in bond underwriting business, the Company
continued to enhance business innovation, and actively respond to the Belt and Road Initiative proposed by
the state, while promoting the “Internationalization” of RMB bonds and further accelerating the opening-up
of the bond market.
      In 2019, the Company successfully completed a number of representative bond projects, including the
public issuance of “Belt and Road” corporate bonds of GLP China Holdings Limited to qualified investors in
2019, “Hecui 2019 Phase I Non-performing Asset-Backed Securities” (the first domestic non-performing asset
securitization product that was invested by foreign investors), “Hangying 2019 Phase I Personal Residential
Mortgage-Backed Securities” (the first credit ABS project of urban commercial bank in the domestic market
invested by foreign investors through “Bond Connect”) and “Hexin 2019 Phase I Auto Loan ABS” (the first
retail asset securitization project in the domestic market with the approval of “green certification”). The
Company was awarded the title of 2019 “Excellent Corporate Bond Underwriter” by the SZSE.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

40
                                                        Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                Amount and number of bonds underwriting

                                                2019                                2018

                                            Lead                                Lead                      Year-on-year
                                    underwriting                        underwriting                         change in
                                         amount         Number of            amount        Number of      underwriting
                Item             (RMB100 million)         issuance   (RMB100 million)        issuance          amount

       Enterprise bonds                     20.00                2              19.00              2            5.26%

       Corporate bonds                    442.79                86            680.77             106          -34.96%

       Financial bonds                   1,007.97               59           1,288.48             47          -21.77%

       Short-term
       commercial papers                    44.85               14              51.58             16          -13.05%

       Medium-term notes                    88.07               27              74.90             15           17.58%

       Private placement notes              87.22               27              89.18             24           -2.20%

       Exchangeable bonds                   45.50                3              28.57              1           59.26%

       Asset-backed securities           2,336.82              400           2,328.80            323            0.34%

       Others                               27.70              253              70.76            175          -60.85%

       Total                             4,100.92              871           4,632.05            709          -11.47%

      Sources:Statistics from Wind, using issue date as statistics caliber
      Note:     Bond underwriting include debt securities issued as a principal; others include municipal bonds,
                international institutional bonds and government-backed institutional bonds.


(3)   Financial advisory

     In 2019, despite the loosening of M&A regulatory policy, continuous improvement of M&A transaction
approval process and further enrichment of M&A business payment methods, due to the increase in
uncertainty in domestic and overseas economy, the M&A market weakened, and the size of cross-border
M&A also declined significantly. According to the statistics from Wind, in 2019, the number of transactions
announced by the Chinese M&A market was 10,163, with a transaction value of RMB 2.30 trillion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 17.32%. The number of transactions completed in the Chinese M&A
market was 8,243, with a transaction value of RMB 1.68 trillion, representing a year-on- year decrease of
3.96%.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company insisted on serving the real economy, closely focused
on economic structural transformation and upgrade as well as the opportunities from SOE reform, while
also coordinated with enterprises within China Merchants Group to promote the orderly implementation
of projects. According to the statistics from Wind, the total M&A transaction amount as disclosed by the
Company was RMB 187.827 billion, ranking second in the industry, up by 7 positions from last year. The
number of M&A transactions as disclosed was 11, ranking ninth in the industry. In 2019, the landmark
projects completed by the Company include the listing of A shares of the merger of Sinotrans Air
Transportation Development Corporation Limited by Sinotrans Limited through share exchange, the listing of
the core special steel assets of CITIC Group and the restructuring listing of the property management assets
of China Merchants Group.
                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   41
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(4)   Overseas investment banking

      In respect of overseas investment banking, in 2019, the aggregate equity underwritten scale in the
Hong Kong market amounted to HK$452 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 17%. The size of
IPOs underwritten amounted to HK$312.9 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9%. The amount
raised from G3 bonds in the Asian market (except Japan) amounted to USD338.1 billion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 27%. According to the statistics from Bloomberg, in 2019, the Company underwrote
7 equity projects in the Hong Kong market and 1 equity project in the US market, of which financing size
of IPOs sponsored in the Hong Kong market amounted to USD0.75 billion, ranking fourth among Chinese
brokers. The Company successfully completed the sponsoring and underwriting of high-profile listing projects,
including China Tobacco HK, China Feihe and Venus Medtech (Hangzhou). The Company completed a total
of 8 bond underwriting projects with an underwriting amount of USD0.34 billion.


3.    Investment management

     The Company engages in securities asset management business and private equity investment fund
business through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely CMS Asset Management Co., Ltd. and CMS Zhiyuan
Capital Investment Co., Ltd.. The Company engages in fund management business through its associates,
namely Bosera Funds and China Merchants Fund.


(1)   Asset management

     In 2019, as affected by industry “channel reduction”, the asset management scale of securities
companies declined. As at the end of 2019, the total principal amount of custodian funds of the industry
amounted to RMB 12.29 trillion, representing a decrease of 35% as compared to RMB 18.76 trillion during
the peak period. It is expected that the “channel reduction” and active management transformation will
remain as the major development direction of the asset management industry, and active management
capabilities will become the core competitiveness of asset management institutions.
     During the Reporting Period, CMS Asset Management actively transformed towards active management.
The scale and number of new product launched both achieved new highs in recent years, and the
average monthly scale of funds under active management achieved historic high. The Company seized the
opportunities arising from STAR Market and launched the first batch of IPO shares subscription product
and strategically placing products on the STAR Market in the industry. Meanwhile, it actively promoted
the transformation of massive collective asset management to mutual funds and completed a number of
preliminary tasks such as organizational structure adjustment and personnel and system preparation. It fully
enriched the unique product portfolio and the fixed-income and asset securitization businesses have scaled
new heights. It enhanced the capacity of investment research and gradually strengthened asset allocation
capability. In addition, the Company’s channel construction achieved breakthroughs, and multi-channel
agency sales and institutional customization rapidly advanced.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

42
                                                     Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     As at the end of 2019, the AUM of CMS Asset Management was RMB 687.207 billion, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 3.68%, ranking fourth in industry in terms of scale. The AUM of active management
was RMB 216.205 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.81%. According to the statistics from
the Asset Management Association of China, in the fourth quarter, the average monthly private AUM of active
management of CMS Asset Management ranked fourth in the industry, up by 8 positions from 2018.

                                                            AUM and revenue of
                                          securities asset management business of the Company

                                                                             Net revenue from asset
                                       AUM (RMB 100 million)              management (RMB 100 million)

               Category                       2019              2018                 2019                2018

       Collective asset
       management                         1,325.86          1,317.75                 7.35                 8.27

       Separately managed
       account                            4,866.62          5,249.80                 2.83                 2.53

       Specialized asset
       management                           679.59            567.10                 0.31                 0.13

       Total                              6,872.07          7,134.65                10.49               10.93

      Source: Internal statistics of the Company


(2)   Private equity funds

     As at the end of 2019, the Asset Management Association of China registered 14,882 private equity and
venture capital fund managers, managed 36,468 funds with AUM of RMB 9.74 trillion.
      In 2019, China’s private equity industry saw both opportunities and challenges. On the one hand, the
fierce competition in the industry, coupled with the impact of the declining domestic economy and regulatory
policies such as new asset management regulations, posed severe challenges to the development of the
private equity industry. On the other hand, the opening of the STAR Market, launch of the NEEQ Select Tier,
reform of the IPO registration system and loosening of refinancing also brought opportunities. According to
the statistics from Zero2IPO Group, in 2019, the total size of funds raising in China’s equity investment market
was RMB 1.24 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.6%. There were 8,234 investment cases
made, totaling RMB 763.094 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 17.8% and 29.3%, respectively.
There were approximately 2,949 successful exit cases, representing a year-on-year increase of 19%. Overall,
the fundraising and investment markets encountered challenges, and the exit of market brought changes.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            43
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      During the Reporting Period, CMS Zhiyuan formulated its future development strategy based on the
Company’s new five-year development plan. The major content includes: strengthening the establishment of
fundraising system and promoting the raising of funds with special features; vigorously exploring investment
opportunities and strengthening project quality control; optimizing business process and improving the
efficiency of operation and management; seizing market opportunities and realizing the multi-channel
exit of projects; leverage upon the franchise between the various business platforms of China Merchants
Group to achieve win-win cooperation. In 2019, CMS Zhiyuan initiated fundraising of 8 projects of which
4 had made substantial progress. Meanwhile, it fully utilize the advantages of securities firms in terms of
wealth management, research and investment banking, so as to grasp investment opportunities in high-end
manufacturing, biotechnology, consumption and other industries. CMS Zhiyuan exited a total of more than
RMB 2 billion of projects in 2019, some of which achieved high investment returns.
     In the overseas market, CMS International actively positioned in leading companies in the new economy
in the past two years, including Tencent Music, SenseTime, Ksyun, JD Logistics and Grail, and achieved
favorable growth in overall book value.


(3)   Fund management

①     Bosera Funds

     The Company holds 49% of the equity of Bosera Funds. In 2019, Bosera Funds fully implemented
the working principles of “leading by innovation, embracing changes, clinging to targets and striving for
superiority”, and spared no efforts to make progress and seek innovation. It achieved stable growth in
management scale and profit. The Company’s strength and brand was continuously enhanced, achieving
a balanced development of quality, efficiency and scale. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM
of Bosera Funds was RMB 1,066.8 billion (excluding the assets managed by subsidiaries), of which assets
managed under mutual funds (excluding feeder funds) was RMB 621.7 billion. According to the statistics from
Wind, as at the end of 2019, Bosera Funds ranked second in the industry in terms of AUM of non-monetary
mutual funds.


②     China Merchants Fund

     The Company holds 45% of the equity of China Merchants Fund. In 2019, China Merchants Fund
had stable and favorable operation and development, and achieved advancement in its core business.
The core position of the “public offering business” continuously consolidated, the “pension business”
achieved remarkable results, and the “multi-asset allocation business” achieved initial results. The
construction of “active investment, customer orientation, technologicalization and internationalization” was
comprehensively promoted. Of which, “active investment” achieved favorable results; “customer orientation”
was steadily advanced; the “technologicalization” plan was fully implemented; and the construction of
“internationalization” achieved breakthroughs. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM of China
Merchants Fund was RMB 555.3 billion (excluding the assets managed by subsidiaries), of which assets
managed under mutual funds (excluding feeder funds) was RMB 379 billion. According to the statistics from
Wind, as at the end of 2019, China Merchants Fund ranked tenth in the industry in terms of AUM of non-
monetary mutual funds.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

44
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



4.    Investment and trading

    Investment and trading business includes the investment and trading of equity and fixed-income
products and other financial products.
    At the beginning of 2019, the Company established the financial market investment department and
formulated proprietary investment strategies with asset allocation as the focus.
      In 2019, the A Share market performed well. At the beginning of the year, under the stimulation of the
comprehensive reduction of reserve requirement ratio and the easing of Sino-US trade fiction, the A Share
market underwent rapid valuation recovery. Along with the introduction of a series of rules and regulations in
the STAR Market, the pilot registration system was smoothly implemented, leading to a structural bull market
in technology and consumption. On the other hand, the opening-up of the financial market accelerated, and
the process of increasing overseas funds allocation to A Shares speeded up, bringing liquidity to the market.
The bond market fluctuated within a narrow range. The ChinaBond Composite Total Return Index (Total
Value) rose by 4.59%, which is at the average level of the past decade. The size of bond defaults reached a
record high, resulting in a huge exposure to credit risks.


(1)   Equity investment

     During the Reporting Period, the Company’s directional business increased investment strategies on
the basis of controlling risks. Aiming to achieve absolute returns, the Company adhered to the philosophy
of sound allocation and value investment, strengthened position management and actively participated in
the placement of new shares on the STAR Market. Through developing diversified investment strategies
and seizing structural opportunities, the Company’s directional business achieved a significant year-on-year
increase in investment income.
      The Company actively engaged in market-neutral investment business by adopting quantifying and
hedging approaches and leveraging on its abundant strategies, in order to gain more-than-expected return
steadily with low-risk exposure. Meanwhile, the Company vigorously developed capital intermediary trading
business. The current business mainly includes market-making for listed options and futures, market-making
for funds and OTC derivatives trading. The Company continued to improve its competitiveness by optimizing
its trading strategies and IT systems for its listed options and futures market-making business, as well as
enlarging business scale and variety of underlyings. As at the end of 2019, the Company ranked first among
all brokers for the quantities of listed options and futures market-making qualifications. The Company was
the only broker that was rated as AA, the highest market-making rating, by the SSE in 2019. Besides business
channels broadening, the Company actively innovated OTC derivatives business models.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          45
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   FICC

      The Company’s bond proprietary business embraced the “large and stable” investment philosophy.
Against the backdrop of changing domestic and international macro situations, uncertain market trends and
high bond default rates, the Company strengthened macro research, market research and risk screening,
flexibly carried out range trading, actively seized investment opportunities by developing neutral strategies
and steadily expanded investment scale. During the year, the bond investment yield outperformed the
ChinaBond Composite Total Return Index (Total Value) and achieved good results. While further developing
the existing business, the Company actively prepared for innovative business and promoted its rapid
development. In 2019, the Company became one of the first batch of market-makers of treasury bond futures
in the market, and obtained the qualification for foreign exchange business. The Company became a full
license broker of FICC business. In 2019, the Company’s commodity derivatives business continued to develop
under its existing strategy, further diversified its business types, explored new business models and achieved
good results. The revenue from commodity derivatives business increased significantly.


(3)   OTC products

     In 2019, the Company successfully issued 129 beneficiary certificates products with an aggregate size of
RMB 14.485 billion. While fulfilling the financing goal, it satisfactorily met the allocation needs of retail and
corporate customers for low-risk assets.


5.    Outlook for 2020

      In 2020, the global economy still faces great uncertainty. China’s economic development is facing
increasing difficulties and challenges, especially the increasing downward economic pressure. The restrictions
on foreign shareholding ratio of securities firms, fund management firms and futures firms will be removed
and domestic institutions will face increased competition and challenges from international financial
institutions. As affected by the “zero commission” in US securities trading, the competition landscape and
growth model of China’s securities industry will face new impact and challenges. Meanwhile, the securities
industry still faces great historical opportunities. The capital market reform has been fully commenced and
further promoted. The role of the securities industry in serving the real economy has become more prominent.
The new Securities Law came into effect on 1 March 2020, further improving the fundamental system of
the capital market. On the basis of the pilot registration system of the STAR Market, the securities issuance
registration system is about to be rolled out. Reforms in respect of the NEEQ, refinancing and M&A are
speeding up. Financial derivatives as well as new commodity futures and options are expected to be listed one
after another. In addition, while the prevention and control work of the COVID-19 pandemic has achieved
positive progress and is proceeding in a good way, it is still facing complex and severe challenges, setting
higher requirements for the annual business development of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

46
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     2020 is the key year for the Company’s new five-year transformation strategy. The Company will
conscientiously formulate the Central Government’s policies on prevention and control work of the COVID-19
pandemic, minimize the effect of the outbreak and satisfactorily fulfill various annual targets and tasks.
     Wealth management and institutional business: On the basis of continuously expanding the traditional
brokerage business, the Company will accelerate wealth management transformation and build a customer-
oriented ecosystem. The Company will strengthen product capacity building, establish an abundant and
sound product system. Taking customers as the focus, the Company will organize and select wealth
management products with customer asset value maintenance and appreciation as the primary goal and
measurement criteria. The Company will strengthen system building capability and extend further support to
online product marketing and offline asset allocation. Institutional client business will continue to improve its
comprehensive service capabilities and reinforce its leading position in the industry.
      Investment banking: The Company will continue to seize the opportunities arising from the STAR
Market and ChiNext registration system, proactively capture business opportunities in the NEEQ Select
Tier, and increase the efforts in exploring high-quality IPO projects. The Company will enhance its revenue-
generating ability, further bring into play the value of investment banks, enhance the service capabilities
for key customers and professional services, and further optimize and improve business operation model of
“investment banking + investment”.
      Investment management: CMS Asset Management will improve its three key capabilities on
product design, product investment and channel sales. By firmly grasping the strategic opportunity of
the transformation of massive collective asset management to mutual funds, it will gather and integrate
its resource advantages on channel and customers, so as to do a good job in system improvement and
mechanism construction in relation to mutual funds operations. CMS Zhiyuan will build up its special
fund-raising channel and specialized investment capability by leveraging on its core advantage of “SOEs +
transportation and logistics + investment banking”, in order to expand funds management scale.
     Investment and trading: With the goal of pursuing absolute returns, the Company will vigorously
enhance investment and research capacity and improve investment returns. The Company will vigorously
develop neutral strategies and customer demand-driven businesses, and continue to increase the scale of
investment businesses with low risk and stable returns. The Company will vigorously strengthen its FICC
business, actively explore foreign exchange, commodities and derivatives business and create a new profit
model to increase multiple sources of income.
      At the same time, the Company will continue to enhance the effort on the innovation and development
of financial technology, integrate business and technology, actively identify business scenarios, and accelerate
the promotion of key projects such as the three profiling (company profiling, customer profiling and product
profiling), data governance and centralized operation.




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             47
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(II)   Analysis of financial statement

1.     Details of changes related to profit and cash flows

                                                                                                          Unit: RMB’000

                                                                                                         Year-on-year
        Item                                                 Current period      Previous period              change

        Total revenue and other income                             25,659,101             18,069,548            42.00%

        Total expenses                                             17,767,472             13,539,536            31.23%

        Profit before income tax                                    8,773,637              5,447,485            61.06%

        Profit of the year                                          7,313,283              4,446,261            64.48%

        Profit of the year attributable to
        shareholders of the Company                                 7,282,381              4,424,986            64.57%

        Net cash used in operating activities                      -1,149,490             36,690,925          -103.13%

        Net cash used in investing activities                      -1,799,098         -18,268,028                      –

        Net cash generated from
        financing activities                                        4,760,169         -21,082,665                      –

        Net increase (decrease) in cash and
        cash equivalents                                            1,811,581             -2,659,768                   –

     In 2019, the Company recorded total revenue and other income of RMB 25.659 billion, profit before
tax of RMB 8.774 billion and profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company of RMB 7.282 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 42.00%, 61.06% and 64.57%, respectively. Weighted average return
on net assets was 9.51%, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.93 percentage points.


2.     Income

                                                                                                          Unit: RMB’000

                                          Current period                Previous period            Increase/Decrease

        Item                            Amount     Percentage         Amount      Percentage       Amount     Percentage

        Fee and commission income      8,858,493       34.52%        7,753,532       42.91%       1,104,961      14.25%

        Interest income                8,288,799       32.30%        8,186,595       45.31%        102,204        1.25%

        Net gain on investment         6,159,670       24.01%        2,120,062       11.73%       4,039,608     190.54%

        Other income and gains         2,352,139           9.17%         9,359        0.05%       2,342,780   25,032.38%

        Total revenue and
        other income                25,659,101        100.00%       18,069,548      100.00%       7,589,553      42.00%




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

48
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     In 2019, the recognized revenue and other income amounted to RMB 25.659 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of RMB 7.590 billion, or 42.00%, among which:
      Fee and commission income recorded a year-on-year increase of 14.25%, among which, the income
from securities and futures brokerage business recorded a year-on-year increase of 25.45%, mainly
attributable to the increase in average trading volume of A shares, partially offset by the decrease in
commission rate. The income from underwriting and sponsorship business recorded a year-on-year increase of
22.56%, mainly attributable to the increase in revenue from IPO business.
      Interest income recorded a slight year-on-year increase of 1.25%. Of which, mainly due to the increase
in investment scale, interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
increased by 44.18% year-on-year, partially offset by the decrease in interest income due to the decline in
daily scale of margin financing and securities lending and stock pledge repo business.
     Net investment gains recorded a significant year-on-year increase of 190.54%, primarily due to the year-
on-year increase in securities investment gains and private equity investment gains.


3.   Expenses

                                                                                                Unit: RMB’000

                                     Current period              Previous period         Increase/Decrease
      Item                         Amount     Percentage        Amount     Percentage    Amount     Percentage
      Depreciation and
      amortization                 530,908            2.99%     216,391        1.60%     314,517      145.35%
      Staff costs                 5,559,394       31.29%       3,850,480      28.44%    1,708,914      44.38%
      Fee and commission
      expenses                    1,422,798           8.01%    1,305,055       9.64%     117,743        9.02%
      Interest expenses           6,393,610       35.98%       6,340,505      46.83%      53,105        0.84%
      Tax and surcharges            94,364            0.53%      88,223        0.65%       6,141        6.96%
      Other operating expenses    3,670,815       20.66%       1,614,634      11.93%    2,056,181     127.35%
      Credit impairment losses      92,027            0.52%     121,037        0.89%      -29,010     -23.97%
      Other impairment losses         3,556           0.02%        3,211       0.02%         345       10.74%
      Total expenses             17,767,472      100.00%      13,539,536     100.00%    4,227,936      31.23%

      In 2019, the total expenses of the Company amounted to RMB 17.767 billion, representing a year-on-
year increase of 31.23%, of which:
     Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB 1.423 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
9.02%, primarily due to the increase in fee and commission expenses of securities and futures brokerage
business of RMB 0.244 billion along with the increase in income.
     Interest expenses amounted to RMB 6.394 billion, representing a slight year-on-year increase of 0.84%,
mainly due to the increase in debt financing scale.
     Staff costs amounted to RMB 5.559 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 44.38%, primarily
due to the increase in performance-based remuneration as a result of the increase in income.
     Other expenses mainly included depreciation and amortization, tax and surcharges, other operating
expenses and impairment losses. Credit impairment losses for the year were mainly impairment losses from
stock pledge repo.


                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             49
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



4.   Segment revenues

4.1 Analysis of segment revenues and other incomes

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB’000

                                    Current period           Previous period         Increase/Decrease

       Business segment           Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage    Amount     Percentage     Change

       Wealth management and
       institutional business   11,967,661      46.64%    11,353,355      62.83%     614,306        5.41%      -16.19%

       Investment
       banking                   1,879,777       7.33%     1,600,160       8.86%     279,617       17.47%       -1.53%

       Investment
       management                1,873,773       7.30%     1,381,386       7.64%     492,387       35.64%       -0.34%

       Investment and
       trading                   7,358,834      28.68%     3,361,706      18.60%    3,997,128     118.90%      10.07%

       Others                    2,640,073      10.29%      434,498        2.40%    2,205,575     507.61%       7.88%

     In 2019, the total revenue and other income of the Company amounted to RMB 25.659 billion, of which:
     Revenue from the wealth management and institutional business segment recorded a year-on-year
increase of 5.41%, mainly due to the year-on-year increase of 39.28% in average trading volume of A shares
in 2019 and the year-on-year increase in fee and commission income, partially offset by the decrease in
commission rates.
     Revenue from the investment banking business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 17.47%,
mainly due to the increase in income from IPO business.
     Revenue from the investment management business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of
35.64%, mainly due to the increase in income from private equity investment.
     Revenue from the investment and trading business segment recorded a significant year-on-year increase
of 118.90%, mainly due to the substantial increase in income from equity investment and fixed income
investment.
     Revenue from other business segments recorded a significant year-on-year increase of 507.61%, mainly
due to the increase in revenue from the commodity business.
     In terms of revenue composition, the proportion of operating income from the investment and trading
business segment and other business segments increased by 10.07 and 7.88 percentage points, respectively,
and the proportion of operating income from the wealth management and institutional business segment,
investment banking business segment and investment management business segment decreased by 16.19,
1.53 and 0.34 percentage points, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

50
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



4.2 Analysis of segment expenses

                                                                                              Unit: RMB’000

                                    Current period             Previous period         Increase/Decrease

      Business segment            Amount     Percentage       Amount     Percentage    Amount     Percentage

      Wealth management and
      institutional business     8,620,568       48.52%      8,698,045      64.24%      -77,477      -0.89%

      Investment
      banking                     906,320            5.10%   1,195,330       8.83%     -289,010     -24.18%

      Investment
      management                  378,980            2.13%    482,112        3.56%     -103,132     -21.39%

      Investment and
      trading                    4,847,651       27.28%      2,756,567      20.36%    2,091,084      75.86%

      Others                     3,074,970       17.31%       469,039        3.46%    2,605,931     555.59%

     In respect of the expenses of various business segments, expenses of the investment and trading
business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 75.86%, mainly attributable to the increase in interest
expenses due to the expansion of investment scale and the increase in performance-based remuneration due
to the increase in income. Expenses of other business segments increased by 555.59% year-on-year, mainly
due to the increase in cost of the commodity business.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           51
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



5.   Cash flows

                                                                                                 Unit: RMB’000

                                                                                      Amount        Percentage
                                                    Current         Previous        increased/       increased/
       Item                                          period           period        decreased        decreased

       Net cash used in operating activities      -1,149,490      36,690,925       -37,840,415        -103.13%

       Net cash used in investing activities      -1,799,098      -18,268,028      16,468,930                 –

       Net cash generated from
       financing activities                       4,760,169       -21,082,665      25,842,834                 –

       Net increase (decrease) in cash and
       cash equivalents                           1,811,581        -2,659,768        4,471,349                –

      In 2019, the net increase in cash and cash equivalents of the Company was RMB 1.812 billion. Of which,
the net cash used in operating activities recorded a deficit of RMB 1.149 billion. The net cash used in investing
activities recorded a deficit of RMB 1.799 billion. The net cash generated from financing activities amounted
to RMB 4.760 billion. The effect of foreign exchange rate changes in cash amounted to RMB 219 million.
     (1)   Net cash used in operating activities recorded a deficit of RMB 1.149 billion, representing a
           decrease of RMB 37.840 billion as compared to 2018, primarily due to the increase in advances
           from financing customers of RMB 29.336 billion and the increase in financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss of RMB 14.318 billion, partially offset by an increase of RMB 8.547 billion in
           financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.
     (2)   Net cash used in investing activities recorded a deficit of RMB 1.799 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB 16.469 billion as compared to 2018, primarily due to the increase in the purchase
           of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income of RMB 15.774 billion
           during the year.
     (3)   Net cash generated from financing activities amounted to RMB 4.760 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB 25.843 billion as compared to 2018, primarily due to the year-on-year increase in
           net proceeds from the issuance and repayment of bonds and short-term debt instruments of RMB
           19.529 billion, and the increase in net proceeds from short-term borrowings of RMB 6.678 billion.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

52
                                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



6.   Overview of consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB’000

                                                       December 31, 2019            December 31, 2018          Increase/Decrease
      Item                                             Amount       Percentage      Amount     Percentage     Amount      Percentage
      Non-current assets
         Property and equipment                       1,540,746         0.40%      1,628,792       0.53%      –88,046        –5.41%
         Right-of-use assets                          1,610,549         0.42%              –            –    1,610,549             –
         Prepaid lease                                        –              –      431,685        0.14%     –431,685         –100%
         Goodwill                                         9,671         0.00%          9,671       0.00%             –             –
         Other intangible assets                        15,855          0.00%        19,121        0.01%        –3,266      –17.08%
         Investment in associates                     8,833,586         2.31%      8,287,924       2.72%      545,662         6.58%
         Equity instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                   7,057,809         1.85%      6,722,607       2.20%      335,202         4.99%
         Debt instruments at amortised cost           1,424,662         0.37%      1,796,608       0.59%     –371,946       –20.70%
         Financial assets held under resale
         agreements                                   2,170,301         0.57%      5,277,749       1.73%    –3,107,448      –58.88%
         Financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss                               2,708,857         0.71%      2,202,967       0.72%      505,890        22.96%
         Deferred tax assets                           826,872          0.22%       868,510        0.28%      –41,638        –4.79%
         Other non-current assets                      817,565          0.21%       221,103        0.07%      596,462       269.77%
      Total non-current assets                       27,016,473         7.08%     27,466,737       9.01%      -450,264        -1.64%
      Current assets
         Advances to customers                       55,224,619        14.47%     42,976,430      14.09%    12,248,189       28.50%
         Current tax assets                            180,145          0.05%        34,668        0.01%      145,477       419.63%
         Account and other receivables                3,213,572         0.84%      3,263,335       1.07%      –49,763        –1.52%
         Debt instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                  45,734,307        11.98%     41,642,341      13.66%     4,091,966        9.83%
         Debt instruments at amortised cost            469,974          0.12%        47,587        0.02%      422,387       887.61%
         Financial assets held under
         resale agreements                           33,509,524         8.78%     27,766,111       9.11%     5,743,413       20.68%
         Financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss                             135,437,211        35.48%     97,921,779      32.11%    37,515,432       38.31%
         Derivative financial assets                  1,805,819         0.47%      1,150,232       0.38%      655,587        57.00%
         Deposits with Exchanges and
         non-bank financial institutions              4,780,890         1.25%      1,431,420       0.47%     3,349,470      234.00%
         Clearing settlement funds                   12,471,616         3.27%     13,796,281       4.52%    –1,324,665       –9.60%
         Cash and bank balances                      61,927,739        16.22%     47,433,784      15.56%    14,493,955       30.56%
      Total current assets                          354,755,416        92.92%    277,463,968      90.99%    77,291,448       27.86%
      Total assets                                  381,771,889       100.00%    304,930,705     100.00%    76,841,184       25.20%



                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                   53
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      As at the end of 2019, the total assets of the Company was RMB 381.772 billion, increased by RMB
76.841 billion, or 25.20%, as compared with the end of 2018. The total current assets amounted to RMB
354.755 billion and total non-current assets accounted to RMB 27.016 billion. Financial assets as at the end of
the period increased by RMB 43.155 billion as compared with the end of 2018, and the financial assets held
under resale agreements and advances to customers as at the end of the period increased by RMB 14.884
billion as compared with the end of 2018.
      The Company has maintained satisfactory assets quality and liquidity. Net current assets as at the end
of 2019 amounted to RMB 113.168 billion, representing an increase of RMB 19.433 billion, or 20.73% over
last year, which was primarily due to growth in scale of financial assets and advances to customers. As at the
end of 2019, the Company’s cash and bank balances and clearing settlement funds, financial assets, advances
to customers, financial assets held under resale agreements and long-term equity investment accounted for
19%, 51%, 14%, 9% and 2% of the total assets, respectively. As compared with the end of last year, there
were smaller changes to the Company’s asset structure.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

54
                                                        Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



                                                                                                         Unit: RMB’000

                                              December 31, 2019          December 31, 2018          Increase/Decrease
Item                                          Amount      Percentage     Amount     Percentage     Amount      Percentage
Current liabilities

  Short-term borrowings                     3,103,673         1.05%     1,581,861       0.71%     1,521,812       96.20%

  Short-term debt instruments              33,098,616       11.16%     34,850,476      15.55%    –1,751,860       –5.03%
  Placements from other
  financial institutions                    7,013,199         2.36%     3,519,000       1.57%     3,494,199       99.30%

  Accounts payable to brokerage clients    61,724,220       20.81%     48,911,748      21.82%    12,812,472       26.20%

  Accrued staff costs                       5,042,877         1.70%     3,654,135       1.63%     1,388,742       38.00%

  Other payables and accrued charges        6,847,972         2.31%     3,524,201       1.57%     3,323,771       94.31%

  Current tax liabilities                     57,064          0.02%      133,968        0.06%      –76,904       –57.40%
  Financial liabilities at fair value
  through profit or loss                    7,918,509         2.67%     7,124,452       3.18%      794,057        11.15%

  Derivative financial liabilities          2,183,222         0.74%     1,305,685       0.58%      877,537        67.21%
  Financial assets sold under
  repurchase agreements                    97,706,686       32.94%     61,267,557      27.33%    36,439,129       59.48%

  Lease liabilities                          267,627          0.09%             –            –   267,627                –
  Long-term borrowings due
  within one year                           1,144,880         0.39%             –            – 1,144,880                –

  Bonds payable due within one year        15,478,614         5.22%    17,855,355       7.97%    –2,376,741      –13.31%

Total current liabilities                 241,587,159       81.44% 183,728,438         81.97%    57,858,721       31.49%

Net current assets                        113,168,257      38.15%      93,735,530     41.82%     19,432,727       20.73%

Total assets less current liabilities     140,184,730      47.26% 121,202,267         54.07%     18,982,463       15.66%

Non-current liabilities

  Accrued staff costs                        525,040          0.18%      787,540        0.35%     –262,500       –33.33%

  Deferred tax liabilities                   485,282          0.16%      148,764        0.07%      336,518       226.21%
  Financial liabilities at fair value
  through profit or loss                    2,157,877         0.73%     2,404,123       1.07%     –246,246       –10.24%

  Deferred income                            122,537          0.04%      125,734        0.06%        –3,197       –2.54%

  Lease liabilities                          984,520          0.33%             –            –     984,520              –

  Bonds payable                            50,512,888       17.03%     35,563,737      15.87%    14,949,151       42.03%

  Long-term borrowings                       268,735          0.09%     1,380,015       0.62%    –1,111,280      –80.53%

Total non-current liabilities              55,056,879       18.56%     40,409,913      18.03%    14,646,966       36.25%

Total liabilities                         296,644,038      100.00% 224,138,351       100.00%     72,505,687       32.35%

                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        55
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      As at the end of 2019, the total liabilities of the Company was RMB 296.644 billion, representing
an increase of RMB 72.506 billion, or 32.35%, as compared with the end of 2018. The current liabilities
amounted to RMB 241.587 billion and non-current liabilities amounted to RMB 55.057 billion. Accounts
payable to brokerage clients increased by RMB 12.812 billion as compared with the end of 2018. The balance
of financial assets sold under repurchase agreements as at the end of the period increased by RMB 36.439
billion; the balance of bonds payable as at the end of the period increased by RMB 12.572 billion; and the
balance of placements from other financial institutions as at the end of the period increased by RMB 3.494
billion.
     In 2019, excluding the accounts payable to brokerage clients, the total assets of the Company amounted
to RMB 320.048 billion, increased by RMB 64.029 billion, or 25.01%, as compared with the end of 2018, and
the total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB 234.920 billion, increased by RMB 59.693 billion as
compared with the end of 2018. The gearing ratio, after deducting accounts payable to brokerage clients, of
the Company was 73.40%, representing a rise of 4.96 percentage points as compared with the end of 2018.
                                                                                                       Unit: RMB’000

                                                  December 31, 2019     December 31, 2018         Increase/Decrease

       Item                                       Amount Percentage     Amount Percentage        Amount Percentage

       Equity

       Share capital                             6,699,409     7.87%   6,699,409     8.29%              –             –

       Other equity instruments                 15,000,000    17.62% 15,000,000     18.57%              –             –

       Capital reserve                          27,533,939    32.34% 27,533,939     34.08%              –             –

       Less: treasury shares                      663,954      0.78%           –            –    663,954              –

       Investment revaluation reserve —
       financial assets at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                 542,629      0.64%    299,070      0.37%       243,559      81.44%

       Foreign currency translation reserve       278,786      0.33%    172,076      0.21%       106,710      62.01%

       General reserves                         16,401,426    19.27% 13,864,963     17.16%      2,536,463     18.29%

       Retained profits                         19,256,086    22.62% 17,153,389     21.23%      2,102,697     12.26%

       Equity attributable to
       shareholders of the Company              85,048,321    99.91% 80,722,846     99.91%      4,325,475      5.36%

       Non-controlling interests                   79,530      0.09%     69,508      0.09%        10,022      14.42%

       Total equity                             85,127,851   100.00% 80,792,354    100.00%      4,335,497      5.37%

      As at the end of 2019, the equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company was RMB 85.048
billion, representing an increase of 5.36% as compared with the end of 2018. Net profit attributable to the
parent company amounted to RMB 7.282 billion, partially offset by the dividends distributed to shareholders
of RMB 1.769 billion and interest payable for perpetual subordinated bonds of RMB 802 million.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

56
                                                                    Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(III) Analysis of investment

1.    Analysis of total external equity investments

      During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any new external equity investment.


(1)   Significant equity investments


                                                                                                             Change
                                                                                                           in equity
                                                                                                    attributable to
                                          Shareholding    Shareholding                 Gain or loss      the owner
                                              as at the       as at the                 during the       during the
                                Initial   beginning of          end of       Closing     Reporting        Reporting
                           investment       the period      the period      balance         Period            Period
       Investees            (RMB0,000)              (%)             (%)   (RMB0,000)    (RMB0,000)       (RMB0,000) Accounting item Source

       Bosera Asset
       Management                                                                                                   Long-term equity
       Co., Limited         369,319.04         49.00%          49.00%     511,899.64    44,731.56          774.24   investment         Acquisition

       China Merchants
       Fund Management                                                                                              Long-term equity   Promotion and
       Co., Ltd.             85,084.45         45.00%          45.00%     262,248.69    36,118.03          426.54   investment         acquisition

       Total                454,403.49                –               –   774,148.33    80,849.59        1,200.78

      Note 1:         The closing balance refers to the balance net of recognized provision for impairment as at the end
                      of the Reporting Period.
      Note 2:         Gain or loss during the Reporting Period refers to the effect of investment on the consolidated net
                      profit of the Company during the Reporting Period.
      Note 3:         Change in equity attributable to the owner during the Reporting Period does not take into account
                      of the effect of gain or loss during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                     57
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Financial assets measured at fair value

                                                                                               Unit: RMB 10,000

                                                As of the end of December 2019      January – December 2019

                                                        Initial
                                                   investment                       Investment
                                                 cost/nominal                     gains/interest     Change in
       Project                                        amount         Fair value          income      fair value

       Financial assets held-for-trading         13,480,560.46    13,814,606.76      520,271.59     213,816.81

       Other debt investments                     4,416,972.07     4,573,430.69      179,866.28       -3,034.29

       Other equity investments                     688,253.00      705,780.93         45,184.47     33,520.26

       Derivative financial assets                                  180,581.88
                                                 22,130,449.52                      -113,815.29      -39,730.28
       Derivative financial liabilities                             218,322.24

       Financial liabilities held-for-trading       999,507.41     1,007,638.63      -23,246.45       -4,887.76

       Sub-total                                             –                –      608,260.60     199,684.74



(IV) Analysis of major subsidiaries and associated companies

1.    Analysis of subsidiaries

(1)   China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (a company incorporated in the
      People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

       CMS Asset Management is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB
1 billion. Its principal business is securities asset management.
                                                                                               Unit: RMB 10,000

                                                                          For/as of                  For/as of
       Item                                                         the end of 2019            the end of 2018

       Registered capital                                                    100,000                  100,000

       Total revenue and other income                                        119,597                  123,315

       Net profit                                                             74,940                   66,810

       Total assets                                                          458,849                  398,127

       Net assets                                                            418,169                  342,923




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

58
                                                Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   China Merchants Securities International Company Limited (a company incorporated in the
      Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China with limited
      liability)

     CMS International is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and has a paid-up capital of
HK$4.104 billion. CMS International is principally engaged in securities and futures contracts brokerage,
custody services, listing sponsorship, financial advisory, corporate financing, investment management, asset
management, market researches and other businesses permitted by regulatory rules of the place where its
subsidiaries operate.
                                                                                           Unit: HK$10,000

                                                                     For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                    the end of 2019           the end of 2018

       Paid-up capital                                                  410,363                   410,363

       Total revenue and other income                                   120,796                   111,925

       Net profit                                                        21,626                      8,941

       Total assets                                                   2,710,822                 2,044,580

       Net assets                                                       578,325                   557,128



(3)   China Merchants Futures Co., Limited (a company incorporated in the People’s Republic of
      China with limited liability)

     China Merchants Futures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of
RMB 630 million. Its principal businesses include commodity futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage,
futures investment consultation and asset management. As at the end of 2019, China Merchants Futures has
4 futures branches in Beijing, Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hangzhou and a wholly-owned risk management
subsidiary.
                                                                                          Unit: RMB 10,000

                                                                     For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                    the end of 2019           the end of 2018

       Registered capital                                                63,000                    63,000

       Total revenue and other income                                   268,935                    50,789

       Net profit                                                        14,916                    14,286

       Total assets                                                     813,958                   526,566

       Net assets                                                       159,177                   144,322




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                        59
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(4)   China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (a company incorporated in the People’s
      Republic of China with limited liability)

      CMS Zhiyuan is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB 2.1 billion
and a paid-up capital of RMB 1.8 billion. CMS Zhiyuan mainly engages in private equity investment funds and
related consultancy and advisory services and other business as permitted by regulatory authorities.
                                                                                           Unit: RMB 10,000

                                                                      For/as of                  For/as of
       Item                                                     the end of 2019            the end of 2018

       Registered capital                                                210,000                    210,000

       Total revenue and other income                                      64,834                      5,821

       Net profit attributable to the parent company                       34,722                   -10,048

       Total assets                                                      653,996                    627,414

       Net assets attributable to the parent company                     254,475                    219,753



(5)   China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (a company incorporated in the People’s
      Republic of China with limited liability)

      CMS Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB 3.1
billion and a paid-up capital of RMB 1.97 billion. It principally engages in alternative investment businesses
such as financial products and equity other than those listed in the “List of Securities Investments for
Proprietary Trading of Securities Companies”.
                                                                                           Unit: RMB 10,000

                                                                      For/as of                  For/as of
       Item                                                     the end of 2019            the end of 2018

       Registered capital                                                310,000                    310,000

       Total revenue and other income                                       6,001                        309

       Net profit                                                          10,729                      7,812

       Total assets                                                      223,382                    134,358

       Net assets                                                        222,083                    134,354




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

60
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



2.    Analysis of associated companies

(1)   Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited

     The Company holds 49% equity interest in Bosera Funds. Bosera Funds was established on July 13, 1998
as one of the first five mutual fund management companies in mainland China. Its business scope includes
fund raising, sales of funds, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.
      The following table sets forth the major financial data of Bosera Funds during the Reporting Period:
                                                                                           Unit: RMB 10,000

                                                                       For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                      the end of 2019           the end of 2018
       Registered capital                                                  25,000                    25,000
       Operating income                                                  348,590                    316,536
       Operating profit                                                  120,683                    119,602
       Net profit                                                          91,289                    90,345
       Total assets                                                      739,638                    671,301
       Net assets                                                        482,168                    419,299


(2)   China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.

     The Company holds 45% equity interest in China Merchants Fund. China Merchants Fund was
established on December 27, 2002. Its business scope includes fund management, promotion and
establishment of funds, and other businesses approved by the CSRC.
    The following table sets forth the general financial condition of China Merchants Fund during the
Reporting Period:
                                                                                           Unit: RMB 10,000

                                                                       For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                      the end of 2019           the end of 2018
       Registered capital                                                131,000                    131,000
       Operating income                                                  258,740                    258,704
       Operating profit                                                  102,360                    113,564
       Net profit                                                          80,262                    89,391
       Total assets                                                      729,540                    661,140
       Net assets                                                        538,431                    487,221




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             61
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(V) Structured entities controlled by the Company

      As of December 31, 2019, the Group consolidated 12 structured entities, including mainly collective
asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnership. Under the circumstance that
the Group is involved in a structured entity as manager and investor, the Group assesses whether its
potential variable returns will be significantly affected by the returns attributable to its investment and the
remuneration as a manager and whether the Group is a principal of the entity. As of December 31, 2019, the
total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB 6.989 billion.


(VI) Financing

1.   Financing channels

      The Company has established financing channels in respect of equity and creditor’s rights, domestic and
overseas, multi-market and multi-variety. The Company is an A+H listed company, which can supplement its
capital strength through domestic and overseas rights issue and additional issuance. The Company can issue
debt financing instruments domestically and overseas in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. The
types of debt financing products include, but are not limited to, publicly or privately issued corporate bonds,
perpetual subordinated bonds, subordinated bonds, short-term corporate bonds, financial bonds, short-term
commercial paper, beneficiary certificates, margin trading rights as collateral financing, securities refinancing,
interbank borrowing and repurchase. Smooth and diversified financing channels provide a solid guarantee for
the Company’s stable operation.
     Major financing activities during the year: in 2019, the Company publicly issued 1 tranche of corporate
bonds to qualified investors, raising a total of RMB 1.500 billion; privately issued 4 tranches of corporate
bonds, raising a total of RMB 20.300 billion; issued 3 tranches of margin loan receivables asset-backed
securities, raising a total of RMB 7.000 billion; issued 1 tranche of financial bonds, raising a total of RMB
5.000 billion; issued 19 tranches of commercial papers on rolling basis, raising a total of RMB 61.000 billion;
issued 129 tranches of beneficiary certificates, raising a total of RMB 14.485 billion.


2.   Structure of liabilities

       As of the end of 2019, the total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB 296.644 billion. Excluding
the transaction settlement funds from customers, the liabilities amounted to RMB 234.920 billion. Liabilities
mainly included publicly or privately issued corporate bonds, subordinated bonds, financial bonds, commercial
paper, beneficiary certificates, bank borrowings, interbank borrowing and repurchase. As of the end of
2019, the balance of bonds payable amounted to RMB 65.992 billion, accounting for 28.09% of the
Company’s own liabilities. Long-term borrowings amounted to RMB 1.414 billion, accounting for 0.60% of
the Company’s own liabilities. The balance of short-term commercial paper payable amounted to RMB 33.099
billion, accounting for 14.09% of the Company’s own liabilities. The balance of financial assets sold under
repurchase agreements amounted to RMB 97.707 billion, accounting for 41.59% of the Company’s own
liabilities. Short-term borrowings amounted to RMB 3.104 billion, accounting for 1.32% of the Company’s
own liabilities. Interbank borrowings amounted to RMB 7.013 billion, accounting for 2.99% of the Company’s
own liabilities. Currently, the Company has no debts overdue. The solvency of the Company is strong and the
liquidity risk is controllable.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

62
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



3.   Liquidity management

       In respect of liquidity management, the Company aims to maintain the liquidity according to its business
strategies at a level such that it is adequate to settle the debts when they fall due and to expand business
when necessary. The liquidity should be sufficient to provide the Company with working capital without
the need of funds from disposal of assets. The Company also maintains sufficient liquid assets and available
facilities to meet unexpected financial needs.
      With regular analysis of and monitoring on the size and structure of assets and liabilities, the Company
was able to maintain adequate premium liquid assets while keeping proper size and duration of its assets
and liabilities to support business development. The Company has an asset and liability management system
and has determined liquidity risk indicators for different levels of management to monitor the compliance of
limits of assets and liabilities. Such measures are taken to ensure the liquidity of the Company with reasonable
structure of assets and liabilities in terms of size and maturity. The Company has an internal capital pricing
system to regulate the capital flow. A real-time monitoring system and a quantified analysis model for
investment business have been established. Data are collected for sensitivity analysis, stress test, and VaR
analysis to keep track the liquidity risk of investment business. The management of the Company will be
alerted of any risks exceeding the liquidity alert level and any rapid deterioration of risks for remedial actions.
The Company has established an internal risk reporting system to promptly monitor the liquidity risk in the
operation of all businesses at each branch so that the Company could take measures to maintain the safety
and sustainability of its operations. The Company has a financing policy to secure funds when necessary.
It also explored financing channels and methods to satisfy its financial needs for operation. The Company
maintained high liquidity through effective asset allocation during the year.


(VII) The innovative business and risk control profile during the Reporting Period

1.   Business Innovation during the Reporting Period

      In 2019, the Company proactively launched a series of innovations in Fintech and business, products and
services innovation in response to new needs arising from modernized economic system, various customer’s
demand, and new opportunities driven by science and technology revolution, and achieved rewarding results.
      Firstly, we grasp innovation opportunities to serve for the real economy. We proactively
promoted the STAR Market business and submitted 12 projects in 2019. We completed 3 STAR Market
projects, namely Espressif Systems, Jiuri New Materials and bioPerfectus through share issuance. We launched
new product lines for the STAR Market included IPO share subscription product and strategic placing products
with characteristic of CMS Asset Management. We completed the first case of public issue of new shares on
ChiNext Board – the project of public issue of stocks for Topstar and completed various innovative products
for asset securitization, including, the first successful domestic issuance of asset-backed securities for the
whole-account assets of credit card, and the first non-performing asset securitization products invested by
foreign investors.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                               63
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     Secondly, we explore new businesses vigorously. We were approved to be the first batch of
treasury bond futures market makers by CFFEX, with a competitive electronic market-making trading system.
We were the foremost industry player qualified for foreign exchange trading and foreign exchange settlement
and sales on behalf of customers, thus marking a breakthrough on operating foreign exchange business in
both domestic and international market. We persistently expanded market-making coverage towards more
underlyings. By the end of 2019, we ranked first among securities firms within mainland China, in terms
of quantities of market-making permissions for listed futures and options. We were the sole participant
that achieved tier AA for funds market-making, which was the highest grade approved by the SSE. CMS
International obtained the qualification as a member of London Stock Exchange to further provide more
comprehensive financial services to customers.
      Thirdly, we empower the business with Fintech. The Company engaged IBM as its consultant to
further accelerate two major basic programmes comprising of process reform and data management, and
was committed to constructing “customer- focused” procedural organization, laying a solid foundation for
further transformational change and innovative development. The Company applied service model of business
partnership (ITBP) by designating technical staff to business team, so as to deepen integration between
technology and operation. The Company launched the Zhiyuan Yi Hu Tong App 7.0, with over 100 new
optimized innovative functions, and improved the precision of asset management service; we also launched
Geetek Institutional Transaction Service Platform to establish the industry-leading all-round solution for
institutional businesses; the Company accelerated the construction of technology-based investment banking
and fully implemented the intelligent investment bank platform, in order to facilitate the application of “entire
business management, enterprise risk management, big data, AI”; we continued to promote the incubation of
innovative projects on Fintech including wealth management, investment research, operation management,
risk management and compliance control and AI, so as to lead the reform and development of the Company
by the technological innovation.


2.   Risk control of the innovative businesses

     ①     The Company has established a decision-making and management structure for its innovative
           businesses. Relevant management systems were formulated to ensure that all innovative businesses
           were carried out in compliance with laws and regulations and risks were well under control.
           The Company has established an Innovative Development Committee which acts as the decision-
           making organ for promotion of innovative businesses and related important matters. The Company
           has established a Fintech Innovation Fund Committee which acts as the decision-making organ for
           the fintech innovation fund. It has also established a technological innovation office to coordinate
           technological innovation. The risk management department and legal and compliance department
           of the Company will participate in the early stages of an innovative business such as proposal,
           planning and review in order to identify risks, conduct stress tests and compliance examination to
           prevent legal risks and to ensure the feasibility and overall quality of such innovative business. They
           also guide the business departments to formulate and improve the policies and procedures under
           the internal control system. Major innovative businesses shall be subject to specific approval of the
           Risk Management Committee of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

64
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      ②   The Company has established a risk monitoring and alert system for innovative businesses and
          actively adjusted the monitoring indicators so as to maintain the risk exposure at an acceptable
          level determined in accordance with its net capital and liquidity.
          When carrying out innovative businesses, based on the risk characteristics of the innovative
          businesses, the Company determined various monitoring indicators and risk limits for real-time
          tracking of the risk exposure. When the risk indicators deviated from their normal levels, the
          business departments will be promptly alerted to ensure that the risk exposure of the innovative
          businesses remained at a level tolerable by the net capital and liquidity.
      ③   The Company has established an auditing and examining mechanism in accordance with the
          progress of innovative businesses in order to continuously improve the internal control and risk
          response of the innovative businesses.
          The audit department of the Company focused on the innovative businesses during audit process.
          For problems identified during inspections, the management department of the innovative
          businesses worked together with the internal control department to conduct analysis and
          researches in respect of the progress of the innovative businesses. According to the review of
          the internal control system for the innovative businesses, the two departments modified the
          management systems, working procedures and control mechanisms for innovative businesses and
          improved the contingency plans in order to ensure a healthy and stable growth of the innovative
          businesses.


(VIII) Establishment and shutting down of branches during the Reporting Period

      In 2019, pursuant to the Approval for Establishment of 16 Branches by China Merchants Securities Co.,
Ltd. from CSRC Shenzhen Office (Shen Zheng Ju Xu Ke Zi [2018] No. 43) (《深圳證監局關於核准招商證券股份
有限公司設立16家分支機構的批覆》(深證局許可字[2018] 43號)), nine new securities branches have officially
commenced operation, while one has been under preparation but yet to open. The Company has a total of
258 securities branches in operation.


III. Discussion and Analysis of Future Development of the Company

(I)   Industry landscape and trend

     The securities industry has gone through a period of reshaping where supports are only offered to the
superior, the inferior are eliminated and the shuffling of industry is accelerated, with leading brokers gaining
more market share leveraging on their strong comprehensive capabilities, the Matthew effect of “the stronger
one stays sturdy and the powerful one holds the highest authority” within the industry is significant. At the
same time, with further opening up of the securities industry, more leading foreign financial instates will
speed up in entering the market, leading to intensified peer competition.
     Looking forward, with the implementation of measures including implementation of new Securities
Law, implementation of registration-based system and reform of the NEEQ systems, the proportion of direct
financing in China will be raised gradually, further optimizing resources allocation function of capital market.
At the same time, with the acceleration in two-way opening-up of capital market, the depth and width of the
market will be gradually enhanced. In overall, the development of China’s securities industry remains at an
crucial period for strategic opportunities.



                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            65
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(II)   Development strategies of the Company

1.     Opportunities for the Company

      China’s securities industry remains in the era of significant opportunities. Firstly, the domestic economy
transits form a stage of rapid growth to a stage of high-quality development, with the continuous reform
of the capital market, there are fertile soil for the securities industry to maintain a long-term, healthy and
sustainable growth. Secondly, given the fast accumulation of residents’ wealth, together with the growing
demand for financial consumption, investment and wealth management services, domestic and overseas
institutional investors will gradually become leading players in the market and generate more diversified
business demands and more profitable models for the securities companies. Thirdly, as the reform of state-
owned enterprise speed up and the implementation of national strategies including innovation-driven tactics
underway, business development opportunities such as the M&A and restructuring, equity investment in high-
tech industries and bonds financing will arise for the securities industry. Fourthly, with availability of more
financial instruments, improvement and speeding up of the operating systems and trading mechanism and
the two-way opening-up reaching a new level, there is a prosperous prospect for cross-market investment and
trading without restriction in time and space.


2.     Challenges faced by the Company

       Firstly, the rapid increase in customers’ demand will drive for the transformation of the business model
of securities companies into integrated and digitalized operation, which poses huge challenges to capabilities
of the securities companies in organization and operation as well as comprehensive risk management
capabilities. Secondly, new technologies including mobile internet, big data, cloud computing, blockchain and
artificial intelligence expedites the reconstruction of the ecosystem for financial industry. Thirdly, there is an
irresistible trend for the securities industry to remain under comprehensive and strict monitoring and control,
while the business model and organization and operation models are in urgent need of upgrade and reform.
Fourthly, the opening up of the securities industry is enhanced and the international financial institutions
will leverage on global resources, mature customer services model and the flexible and rapid innovation
capabilities, which impose direct impacts to the relatively traditional business management system and the
customer services model of China’s securities industry.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

66
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



3.   Development strategies of the Company

     From 2019 to 2023, the Company will uphold its strategic vision of “being customer-oriented to
become the best investment bank in China with international competitiveness” and comply with the overall
requirements of “advocating quality first, prioritizing efficiency, maintaining moderate scale” so as to
accomplish the goals of “aiming the top five Chinese brokers in terms of all competitiveness”, implementing
the “reform strategies” and realizing high quality development and sustainable growth. In this regard,
the Company will focus on its customers’ needs and carry out five core strategies of “leading by the value
of investment banking business, establishing institutional customer business with special features and
advantages, building up wealth management business with distinctive edges, expanding consolidated
operating model with multi-channels and wide variety of products and strengthening the integration of cross-
borders business” during the planning period, so as to provide one-stop integrated services to customers
and persistently enhance our overall competitiveness. In the meantime, the Company will be more dedicated
in maintaining the “five” core capabilities, namely risk management, technologies, talents, synergies and
capital, in a bid to support the healthy growth of all business segments of the Company.


(III) Business plans

     2020 marks the key to the Company’s new five-year strategy. The Company will adhere its strategic
goal of “aiming the top five Chinese brokers in terms of all competitiveness” and further implement the five
core strategies in order to maintain the favorable growth trend of operating income and net profit from each
business segment, and consolidate and improve operating income, net profit and ROE ranking continuously,
so as to “outperform the market and industry peers”. We aim to achieve a steady and rising comprehensive
competitiveness as compared to 2019.
      Firstly, we will continue to strengthen strategic leadership and promote quality and efficiency
enhancement. We will focus on establishing our service business characteristics and core competitiveness,
strive to achieve the leap-forward development of wealth management business and build a customer-
oriented wealth management ecosystem; continue to improve the comprehensive service capabilities in our
institutional client business and reinforce our industry leading position; and continue to improve our revenue-
generating capabilities in terms of our enterprise client business and further leverage the value of investment
bank. We will continue to expand the depth and coverage of our capital utilization businesses and improve
our investment capabilities.
     Secondly, we will further deepen key reforms and enhance sustainable development and
competitiveness. We will further strengthen the “customer-oriented” core business philosophy, continuously
deepen the implementation of the human resources mechanism of “staff can get in and out; cadre can go up
and down; salary can be high and low”, further strengthen the construction of coordination mechanism and
awareness, accelerate Fintech innovation, vigorously promote research transformation, and solidly promote
data governance and process reconstruction projects.
      Thirdly, we will further strengthen internal management and risk control to maintain the AA regulatory
rating for securities firms in 2020. We will take risk management as an important support for the Company’s
core competitiveness; ensure the overall management of compliance; strengthen supervision and inspection
to mitigate problems in businesses and management in a timely manner; and safeguard work safety to ensure
the stable, orderly and sustainable development of the Company businesses.




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           67
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(IV) Potential risks

     During the Reporting Period, the Company adhered to the philosophy of “taking the lead in innovation
with controllable risk level” and continued to explore new risk management practices and approaches to
ensure its long-term and sustainable development. Details and relevant measures in relation to the risk
management profile and the market risk, credit risk, operating risk, liquidity risk and other risks during the
business operation of the Company are as follows:


1.    Risk management

(1)   Risk management structure

     Since inception, the Company has been committed to establishing an innovative and insightful
risk management system which can align with its operation strategies and cover its core business lines
comprehensively. Sound corporate governance and effective risk management and internal control system
have been put in place to cope with the risks in the market faced by the Company.
      In accordance with the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Companies (《證券公司內部控制
指引》) and Enterprise Risk Management Standard of Securities Companies (《證券公司全面風險管理規範》)
and taking into account our operational needs, the Company has taken the lead in establishing a five-level
risk management structure, consisting of strategic arrangements of the Board, supervision and inspection of
the Supervisory Committee, risk management decision of the senior management and the Risk Management
Committee, risk control and supervision of relevant departments in charge of risk management and the direct
management of other departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

68
                                                         Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     The chart below sets out our risk management organizational structure:
                                              Risk Management
                                           Organizational Structure

                                             Maximize interest of shareholders

                                                  Shareholders’ General Meeting




                                                Strategic arrangement and
                                                   risk appetite approval

                                                        Board of Directors                            Supervision and Inspection

                                                                                                         Supervisory Committee

                                                  Risk Management Committee




                                                Risk Management Decisions

                                                             Management



                                                  Risk Management Committee




                              Securities
                                               Credit Risk             Valuation       Underwriting
                             Investment
                                               Committee              Committee         Committee
                             Committee


     Before Trading:                                                                                                    Post Trading:
  Self-governed Control                     During Trading: Independent Risk Management                                  Supervision


  Business                        Risk            Capital                  Legal and       General                        Audit
              Subsidiaries                                                                                  ...
Departments                    Management       Management                Compliance        Office                      Department




     The risk management responsibilities of each department and their positions in the risk management
organizational structure of the Company are as follows:
     ①     The Board and its Risk Management Committee are primarily responsible for reviewing and
           approving the risk management system, the risk appetite, risk tolerance and various risk limit
           indicators of the Company, considering and approving the allocation plan of economic capital
           of the Company, convening quarterly meetings to review quarterly risk reports and thoroughly
           assessing the risk management of the Company.
     ②     The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising and examining the overall operation of
           the risk management system of the Company.




                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                   69
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      ③    The senior management is responsible for the overall risk management in the Company’s business
           operations. They regularly review risk assessment reports, formulate risk management measures
           and establish risk limit indicators. The Risk Management Committee are set up under the senior
           management, which serves as the highest risk management decision-maker at the operation
           level. The Company has also appointed a Chief Risk Officer to oversee the formation of the
           overall risk management system, monitor, evaluate and report the overall risk level, and provide
           risk management advice for business decision-making of the Company. In addition, Securities
           Investment Committee, Credit Risk Committee, Valuation Committee and Underwriting Committee
           were set up under the Risk Management Committee, which are responsible for making collective
           decisions based on experts’ suggestions on issues relating to securities investment, credit risk,
           securities evaluation and underwriting risks within their respective scopes of authorization. The risk
           management of subsidiaries is managed by the enterprise risk management system of the Company
           through vertical management approach. The person-in-charge of risk management of subsidiaries
           shall be nominated, appointed, removed and appraised by the Chief Risk Officer of the Company.
      ④    As a department to coordinate market, credit and operating risks management of the Company,
           the Risk Management Department is responsible for managing the market risks and credit risks,
           as well as assisting and guiding other business departments in managing operational risks of
           the Company. As a department in charge of the liquidity risk management of the Company, the
           Capital Management Department is responsible for managing liquidity risks and the formation
           of the liquidity risk management system. The Legal and Compliance Department is responsible
           for managing the compliance and legal risks of the Company and assisting the Chief Compliance
           Officer in reviewing, supervising and examining the compliance of both the business operations of
           the Company and the employees’ practices and behaviours. The General Office, together with the
           Risk Management Department and other relevant departments, are responsible for managing the
           reputation risks of the Company. The Audit Department is responsible for auditing and examining
           the effectiveness and execution of the risk management procedures of the Company as well as
           conducting an overall evaluation of the internal control system of the Company at least once a year.
      ⑤    Each of the business departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company
           are directly responsible for risk management and supervision of their respective business and
           management fields.
      The Company has established a “three lines of defense” system of risk management to identify, assess,
address, monitor, inspect and report risks. The first line of defense is set up by departments and branches
which conduct effective self-governed risk management; the second line of defense is set up by departments
in charge of risk management issues which focus on implementing professional risk management measures;
and the third line of defense is set up by the Audit Department which focuses on inspecting and assessing risks
after they occur.


(2)   Risk management system

     Led by the Enterprise Risk Management System of China Merchants Securities (《招商證券全面風險管理
制度》), and the Working Rules for Risk Management Committee Meeting of the Board of Directors (《董事會
風險管理委員會工作規則》), the Company has established a comprehensive risk management system which
covers various risk exposures including market, credit, operational, liquidity and reputation risks and specifies
the boundaries and general principles of each risk category.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

70
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Quantitative risk management indicator system

      The Company has established a quantitative risk management indicator system covering risk appetite,
risk tolerance, economic capital and risk limit, so as to prioritize businesses with higher risk-adjusted returns
for resources allocation. This approach has effectively improved the risk management and the corporate value
of the Company.
      ①   Coherent risk appetite and tolerance indicators: Risk appetite framework establishes the
          fundamental attitude of the Board and the senior management towards the balance between
          risk and return based on the analysis of various risk exposures of the Company. Risk tolerance is
          a quantitative limit indicator that reflects the effectiveness of risk management. According to the
          risk appetite, the Company has set risk tolerance indicators for each specific business line based on
          its characteristics to specify the maximum tolerance of the risk management. After years of effort,
          the Company has developed clear risk appetite descriptions covering five major risk types, namely
          overall risk, market risk, credit risk, operational risk and liquidity risk, based on which a risk appetite
          indicator system and a risk tolerance indicator system were established. The Company sets its
          targets of risk appetite and risk tolerance at the beginning of each year and determines economic
          capital budget and business authorization accordingly. The Company monitors and reports risk
          appetite and risk tolerance on a monthly basis, and continuously reviews the risk management
          based on the results.
      ②   Scientific economic capital management model: The Company took the lead to introduce
          an economic capital management model in the PRC securities industry in 2006, and kept on
          optimizing the methodologies on economic capital measurement and improving the economic
          capital management process. Our economic capital management covered market risk, credit risk
          and operational risk. The Company has developed an internal model to measure market risk and
          credit risk of the economic capital which is sufficiently sensitive to risk and practically sound. It
          measured operational risks according to the standards under the Basel Accords. The measurement
          of economic capital is generally used in risk monitoring, quantitative assessment and performance
          assessment.
      ③   Business authorization management system with the core of risk limits: Within the statutory
          business scope, the Company granted business authorization at different levels based on the
          risk rating of the business. The Company granted authorization prudently based on the risk
          management capability, implementation of business authorization and actual risk management
          results of each business department, so as to improve decision-making efficiency while keeping the
          risks under control. Unauthorized operations were strictly prohibited. Authorized persons at each
          level must exercise their power and conduct business activities only within the authorized scope.




                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 71
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      ④    Comprehensive stress testing mechanism: The Company established the Administrative
           Measures for Stress Testing (《 壓 力 測 試 管 理 辦 法 》). It specifies the division of duties among
           departments in stress test. It has also determined the methods and procedures of stress test. The
           Company conducts routine or ad hoc stress test on liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk, as well
           as net capital and other risk limit indicators, based on business and market development. With this
           approach, the Company can effectively evaluate changes in the operation and risk profiles under
           extreme circumstances.


(4)   Risk management culture

      With “effective risk control” integrated into its corporate culture, the Company aimed at efficient risk
control, strict compliance with minimum requirements and appropriate risk bearing for reasonable returns.
The Company adhered to the dynamic balance between business and risk control by maintaining risk exposure
within the approved limits. The “advanced internal control management system and risk management
ability” are considered important elements in the strategic planning of the Company and are the essence of
its core competitiveness. A comprehensive internal control system covering all stages in advance of, during
and after an event is incorporated in our operation to ensure the effective performance of functions of
management and services in order to maintain the healthy and sustainable development of the businesses
of the Company, prevent any material risks and safeguard its reputation. Operational risk manual is updated
annually in accordance with the operation of the Company to foster the active risk management awareness
of the employees. The Risk Management Department constantly advocates risk management culture, and
comprehends and promotes regulatory policies to all staff through internal journal, provides employees
with systematic risk management trainings, as well as shares and enhances knowledge of risk management.
Every year, new employees are provided with risk control and compliance trainings by the Risk Management
Department and the Legal and Compliance Department to promote the risk management culture.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

72
                                                    Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(5)   Risk management IT system

       The Company fully understands the importance of IT system in the modern risk management and has
facilitated the setting up of different types of systems. In 2019, the Company upgraded the risk data collection
so as to provide comprehensive and reliable underlying risk data for risk management. Besides, the Company
optimized each of the risk management system, and improved the efficiency and analytical abilities of risk
management IT systems. The Company aligned with the risk appetite management system of China Merchants
Group to refine the establishment and systematization of risk appetite indicator system of the Company,
achieving the management goal of aligning with China Merchants Group while monitoring risk data and
indicators of wholly-owned subsidiaries. The new smart monitor platform for credit risk information aimed to
establish a risk monitoring and evaluation platform with dynamic monitoring and intelligent analysis based on
the big data, so as to enhance the credit rating, risk identification and early-warning capacity of credit business.
A relatively comprehensive risk management IT system has been established covering the acquisition of daily real-
time market information, monitoring of business risks, quantified risk analysis and measurement and risk reports
from multiple dimensions, layers and perspectives. The system has been continuously updated to include more
data and business types. An efficient and comprehensive risk monitoring and analysis have been established for
all types of businesses of the parent company and its subsidiaries at home and abroad in an effort to effectively
identify, measure, monitor, assess and report various risks. A net capital monitoring mechanism has been
established according to the Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies (《證券
公司風險控制指標管理辦法》) issued by the CSRC to effectively monitor various risk indicators for net capitals.
Based on the mechanism, a monitoring system of consolidated risk control indicators has been developed to
further strengthen the risk management of the Group. The Company has established a comprehensive risk
management portal system, a market risk management system, credit risk management system, operational
risk management system, liquidity risk management system and an economic capital management system.
Among them, the comprehensive risk management portal system has integrated the business functions of
all risk management systems, therefore it can comprehensively display risk status of the Company. Market
risk management system has following functions such as automatic generation of periodic reports, quota
management, analysis and reporting of various risks and departmental risks. Credit risk management system has
following functions including customer information management and the management for the same customer,
credit management, default management, warning management, core statistics and inquiry. Operational risk
management system has following functions including risk and control self-assessment (RCSA), key risk indicators
(KRI), and loss data collection (LDC), etc. Liquidity risk management system includes liquidity monitoring
statement, liquidity gap management, analysis on assets and liabilities, scenario analysis and pressure tests
and model for realization of financial assets. Economic capital management system has the functions of daily
calculation and summary display of market risks, credit risks, operational risks and economic capitals.




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                73
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



2.    Market risk and corresponding measures

(1)   Profile

     The market risk of the Company is the risk of losses on its investment portfolio due to adverse changes
in market conditions. The investment portfolio of the Company mainly includes proprietary investment,
market-making for clients and other investment activities, while changes in investment portfolio are mainly
from strategic trading activities in proprietary investment and the clients’ market-making requirements. The
portfolio is measured by using fair values, which are subject to daily fluctuations due to market conditions and
changes in the portfolio. Major market risks of the Company include:
      ①    equity risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in prices and volatility of equity
           securities such as stocks, stock portfolio and stock index futures;
      ②    interest rate risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to yield curve of fixed-income investment,
           interest rate movements and credit spreads;
      ③    commodity risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in spot commodity prices,
           forward commodity prices and volatility;
      ④    exchange rate risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in spot exchange rate, forward
           exchange rate, current prices and volatility.


(2)   Market risk management approaches

      In order to manage the market risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    a comprehensive, multi-currency and cross-market risk management system;
      ②    generic and specific market risk management methods.
      Through these measures, the Company has robustly controlled the market risk. However, the usage
and effectiveness of such measures are subject to certain limitations and various factors, such as hedging
effectiveness, changes in market liquidity, and relevance of hedging prices. Therefore, based on market
development and changes in the portfolio as well as real-time and accurate assessment of market risk, the
Company has continuously improved and adjusted the risk management measures to actively manage market
risk.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

74
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Responsibilities of market risk management

      The Company collectively allocates the economic capital in accordance with the risk preference and
risk tolerance indicators set by the Board. By considering the risk and return associated with each type of
investment and for the purpose of relevance and diversification, the Company diversifies the overall risk
limitation to different business departments and business lines and formulates corresponding business
authorization. Directly confronted with the market risk, the front-office business departments are responsible
for market risk management as the first line of defense. The person in charge and the investment manager
conduct trades and the front-line risk management within the scope of authorization by virtue of their
extensive experience and in-depth knowledge in the relevant markets and products. They dynamically
control the market risk exposures to the securities held by the Company and actively take risk management
measures to reduce or hedge against such risks. The Risk Management Department, which is independent
from the business departments and is headed by the Chief Risk Officer, uses professional risk management
tools and methods for controlling, evaluating and managing different levels of market risk from investment
strategies, business departments and business lines and the Company. Different risk reports and analysis and
assessment reports are delivered on a daily, monthly and quarterly basis to the responsible officers of the
business departments and business lines of the Company. When a risk indicator is approaching or exceeds
the threshold values, the Risk Management Department will warn the operation management as well as
the responsible officers of the relevant business departments and business lines in advance. Based on the
review opinions from leaders of the Company and committee, the business departments will be urged to
take corresponding measures. The Risk Management Department will continuously communicate with the
respective business departments and business lines with regard to the latest market conditions, the current
risk exposures, and possible losses in extreme situations.


(4)   Measurement of market risk

      The Company uses a series of risk measurement approaches to measure and analyze potential market
risk losses under different market situations. The Company mainly employs VaR as the risk management
instrument to measure potential losses from regular fluctuation in the short-term market. Stress test is also
used to assess possible losses under extreme circumstances.


      ①    VaR

            The Company employs VaR, a common instrument used by international financial institutions, as
      its major tool for risk measurement. VaR analysis is a statistical technique that estimates the potential
      losses that could occur in portfolio positions due to movements in market prices over a specified time
      period and at a given level of confidence. The Company uses a VaR with a confidence level of 95% and
      a holding period of one day as a major indicator measuring the market risk. Historic market data is used
      in the VaR model. It also takes into account the impact of relevant risk factors in various risk types such
      as equity, interest rate, commodity and foreign exchange on the portfolio position of the Company. In
      this way, movement in the market risk arising from changes in securities prices, interest rate, commodity
      prices and exchange rate, etc. can be measured and the diversified effects of the portfolio are also
      considered.




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             75
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



           With an ongoing expansion of the businesses, the Company continues to refine the VaR model,
      including adding risk factors in the new market and optimizing the computation. In addition, the
      Company examines the accuracy of the VaR computation through methods such as a backtesting.
           For certain particular investment portfolio of the Company, such as equity investment of the
      Company including equity direct investment, equity funds investment and structured equity investment,
      VaR may not be considered as the most effective measures for risk calculation due to the lack of liquidity
      and other reasons. Accordingly, the Company has followed the industry practice to forecast the potential
      effect by assuming that the value of assets invested drops for a certain percentage.


      ②    Stress test

            Stress test is an integral and complementary instrument in the VaR risk measurement. Potential
      losses on the portfolio position under extreme circumstances were evaluated through stress test.
      Potential losses from a single risk factor or specific stressful circumstance were also assessed. Through
      analysis of risks and return, the Company examined the compliance of various key regulatory indicators
      as well as the bearing on the Company. For non-linear futures portfolios, the Company established a
      stress test matrix based on the subject and the fluctuation ratio and conducted daily stress test so as to
      control significant tail risks.


      ③     Sensitivity analysis

             The Company has conducted sensitivity analysis on certain risk factors, including interest rate and
      exchange rate, to analyse their potential effects by measuring the possible changes in the assets and
      liabilities portfolio when the specific risk factor is assumed to have changed by a certain rate while all
      other factors remain constant.


(5)   Market risk limit management system

      The Company has already established relevant risk limit management system in departments, business
lines and even trading strategies, in order to control the fluctuation of profit and loss and market risk
exposure. The risk limit of the Company is determined with reference to the risk appetite and risk tolerance
after taking into account the investment features, risks and effects on overall risk exposures of different
operations. The risk limit is adjusted based on the market environment, business development and risks of the
Company.
      The risk limit of the Company mainly comprises size, concentration ratio, quantitative risk value
(including VaR and Greeks), stop-loss and other indicators. The Company has implemented classified review
system and respective sub-limit indicators within the risk limit are applied to business departments, business
lines and investment managers. The operation management is able to effectively manage the overall risk
exposure of the Company with overall risk indicators at the company level. Business departments, business
lines and investment managers are able to enter into transactions effectively within the scope of sub-limit
indicators. Sub-risk limit indicators, therefore, do not serve as risk tolerance of business but a mechanism
which reports any increasing risks in risk management when certain conditions are fulfilled.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

76
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      The Risk Management Department independently monitors each risk limit of the Company on a daily
basis. The department will warn the operation management, relevant business departments and business
lines in a timely manner if the risk limit is reached or exceeded. Such business departments and lines will
issue analysis reports and propose appropriate measures to reduce risk exposures based on the situation, or
authorizing approval authorities to increase the risk limit.
     The Company has continuously optimized the risk limit system and enriched risk limit system for the
Company, business departments, business lines and trading strategies based on the business development
and risk management of the Company. Specific rules or guidelines have been set up and the limit system was
further optimized.


3. Credit risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Profile

     The credit risk of the Company refers to the risk of economic loss caused by the failure of a borrower
or counterparty to fulfill their contractual obligations. Our credit risk arises primarily from the following four
businesses:
      ①    financing businesses such as securities lending, securities-backed lending, stock repurchase
           business, margin financing and leveraged financing in which clients breach the contract and cannot
           repay the debts owed to us;
      ②    investment in bonds, trusts or other credit products in which the issuer or the borrower breaches
           the contract, generating the risk that the principal and the interest cannot be paid;
      ③    OTC derivatives business such as an equity return swap, interest rate swap, OTC option or forward
           contract in which the counterparties fail to fulfill their payment obligation;
      ④    loss arising from brokerage business in which clients default after brokers trade and settle
           securities, futures and other financial products on behalf of the clients due to their lack of funds on
           the settlement date.


(2)   Management of credit risk

      In order to effectively control credit risk, we have adopted the following measures:
      ①    Prudent and proactive credit risk management culture;
      ②    An institutional system covering all stages and a risk policy system based on risk limits;
      ③    Industry-leading credit risk management quantitative tools;
      ④    An internal credit rating system with the best practice in the industry;
      ⑤    Full coverage of the substantive assessment of credit risk.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              77
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



    The Company has adopted the following measures including credit risk limit, internal credit rating,
quantitative management of collaterals and credit risk measurement model to manage credit risk:
     ①     Credit risk limit
      The Company has adopted a classified credit risk limit system to control risk exposure. In accordance
with the risk appetite and risk tolerance set by the Board of the Company, the Risk Management Department
has monitored, reported and issued warning on the implementation of each limit indicator, including business
scale limit, low-risk bonds investment ratio, the value of margin financing granted to a single customer and
the market value of a single collateral to total market value ratio, which were formulated based on credit
features and subject to relevant adjustments based on market condition, business development needs and risk
profile of the Company.
     ②     Internal credit rating
      The Company has developed several internal credit rating models and comprehensive internal credit
rating systems based on the characteristics of different industries and target customers, to rate the credit
standings of borrowers or bond issuers and their debts. Internal credit rating results are gradually employed in
business authorization, limit forecast, limit approval, risk monitoring, asset quality management, and etc. The
internal credit rating has become an important instrument for credit business decisions and risk management.
     ③     Quantitative management of collaterals
      The Company has paid great attention to how the quality of collateral guarantees can protect our rights
as a creditor. We have strengthened collateral management by establishing negative list models for collaterals
and collateral conversion rate models as well as adjusting collateral types and conversion rate periodically to
protect the security of our rights as a creditor. The adjustment mechanism on conversion rate is determined
based on adjustment in intrinsic value (reflected in financial statements) and market factors which include
market price fluctuation, increase, and etc. The Company has also founded a centralized collateral monitoring
mechanism and key collaterals assessment mechanism.
     ④     Credit risk measurement model
       The Company has taken into account each credit transaction with factors such as client mix, single
liability amount, duration of borrowing, collateral coverage ratio and concentration of collaterals when
conducting credit rating, borrower qualification assessment and collateral quantitative management on its
counterparties. The aforementioned factors will be reflected as parameters such as probability of default (PD),
loss given default (LGD) and maturity (M) to calculate the possible default loss for each credit transaction.
Hence, the credit risk measurement model reflects the aggregate credit risk of the Company and is adjusted
based on risk calculation by stress testing and sensitivity analysis.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

78
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Responsibility for managing credit risk

      The Risk Management Committee of the Board is responsible for the review and approval of credit
risk appetite. The Risk Management Committee of the Company is responsible for the review of overall risk
management on credit business and development of major high-risk and innovative credit business. The Risk
Management Committee of the Company and its Credit Risk Committee are responsible for the approval
for the loan provision policy and high-risk credit business. All business departments of the Company are
responsible for the particular operation, management and monitoring of credit-related business. The Risk
Management Department of the Company is responsible for the research and establishment of credit risk
management system, the determination of credit risk management preference and tolerance, formulation of
loan provision policy of the Company and independent monitoring and warning system on credit risk.


(4)   Credit risk management on principal businesses

     In respect of financing businesses such as margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed
lending, and stock pledge repo business, the Company has established a multi-faceted business approval
management system and a sound full-process risk management system covering all stages in advance of,
during and after an event by virtue of client due diligence, credit approval, post-loan evaluation, approval of
and dynamic adjustment to collaterals, mark-to-market system, forced liquidation and disposal on default.
     For bond investment business, the Company has developed an internal credit rating system to assess
the credit rating of issuers and counterparties. The Company kept track of credit ratings of issuers and
counterparties by means of minimum rating requirements for various types of investments and counterparties
through a business authorization system, concentration limits, monitoring and risk examination, etc. Risky
bonds were enhanced through subsequent monitoring to manage the credit risk of bond investment business.
      For OTC derivatives trading business, the Company has formulated a set of management measures and
rules in relation to the appropriateness of investors, client due diligence, credit extension to counterparties,
conversion rate of securities, effective monitoring of gearing ratio, management of collaterals and follow-
up on default of clients, in order to strengthen the management before, during and after trading through a
multi-faceted management mechanism and supporting facilities.
      For brokerage business, the securities trading for domestic customers of whom we are an agent are
settled by margin in full. With regard to the trading of securities and other financial products for overseas
customers, we have effectively controlled the relevant credit risk by strengthening the management over
credit grant and customer deposits.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            79
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(5)    Risk exposure of the Company’s investment in domestic and overseas bonds at the end of the
       Reporting Period

                                                                                            Unit: RMB 10,000

                                                                 December 31, 2019      December 31, 2018

 Issuers in Mainland China

 PRC sovereign bonds                                                     5,487,568                 5,093,946

 AAA                                                                     7,522,352                 3,648,018

 AA+                                                                       817,432                   725,546

 AA                                                                        252,896                   122,226

 AA–                                                                             –                          –

 Below AA–                                                                     899                      1,554

 A–1                                                                        30,722                    55,336

 Non-rated                                                                  57,026                 2,320,709

 Sub-total                                                              14,168,895                11,967,335

 Overseas bonds

 PRC sovereign bonds                                                           267                        974

 A                                                                          95,175                    10,291

 B                                                                         459,871                    95,656

 C                                                                               –                          –

 D                                                                               –                          –

 Non-rated                                                                   7,440                    19,785

 Sub-total                                                                 562,753                   126,706

 Total                                                                  14,731,648                12,094,041

Note1:     The above data is provided on a consolidated basis;
Note2:     PRC sovereign bonds represent the rating of bonds issued by the government of PRC. AAA~AA- and
           below AA- rating represent the bonds with maturity over 1 year, which AAA rating is representing the
           highest rating. A-1 rating represents the highest-rated bonds with maturity within 1 year. Non-rated
           represents that the bonds are not rated by independent rating agencies.
      Credit rating of the bonds issued in Hong Kong and other regions were derived from the lowest of
Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Rating, if any. The bonds, which are not rated by the above agencies,
are classified as NR. Including in A rating are the bonds comprising Aaa~A3 rating of Moody’s, AAA~A- rating
of Standard & Poor’s and AAA~A- rating of Fitch; and including in B rating are the bonds comprising Baa1~B3
rating of Moody’s, BBB+~B- rating of Standard & Poor’s and BBB+~B- rating of Fitch; including in C rating are
the bonds comprising Caa1~C rating of Moody’s, CCC+~C rating of Standard & Poor’s and CCC+~C rating
of Fitch; and including D rating are the bonds comprising D rating of Moody’s, and D rating of Fitch.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

80
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



4.    Operational risk management and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     Operational risk refers to the risk arising from imperfect or problematic internal procedures, employees,
systems or external events.
     Operational risk events mainly include the following 7 categories: internal fraud; external fraud;
employment policy and safety of working environment, customers, products and business activities; damage
of physical assets; interruption of business operation and shutdown of IT system; execution, settlement and
process management.


(2)   Operational risk management

      Operational risk management has been the focus among all types of risk management. Through
development of mechanisms such as prior coordination, whole process monitoring and information collection
after loss from operational risks, a refined operational risk management cycle has been established. In order
to effectively manage operational risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①   We have established comprehensive systems for operational risk mitigation and management in
          accordance with the New Basel Accord and our strategic development needs, and we effectively
          lead the operation of various businesses through measurement and allocation of operational risk
          based economic capital;
      ②   We have established an integrated, scientific and hierarchical system on the basis of operational
          risk appetite, tolerance and management policy. We improved the operational risk governance
          structure in a dynamic way by conducting gap analysis on the basis of continuous tracking and
          assessment of the current management status;
      ③   We have utilized operational risk management tools in a scientific and refined way by using
          operational risk and self-assessment management tools, progressively establishing a structure
          categorizing procedures, operational risks and control measures, and applying quantitative and
          qualitative operational risk exposure assessment methods;
      ④   We have actively implemented risk identification and self-assessments throughout the Company.
          With procedure rationalization as the focus and with each department or branch as a unit,
          targeting on the inherent risks, residual risks of all the businesses of the Company and building
          sustainable assessments mechanism by adopting plan of risk alleviation, an operational risk manual
          has been formulated to pinpoint the importance of identification and assessments beforehand;
      ⑤   We have continued to set up a system of key indicators of risks to further enhance risk monitoring
          and warning based on risk-prone areas of different business features and operations by formulating
          risk management standards and conducting management by classification;
      ⑥   By using operational risk events and loss data collection management tools, we collected and
          summarized the important internal and external operational risk events encountered by each of our
          businesses, analyse reasons of the events and formulate alleviation measures, as well as strengthen
          the following-up of and improvements in the operational risk events;




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          81
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      ⑦    Based on the established operational risk system, we have further improved and deepened the
           system-level application of the three major management tools for operational risks, including the
           systematic application of the whole process of risk identification, assessment, control, monitoring
           and risk reporting, so as to effectively improve the efficiency and level of the Company’s
           operational risk management;
      ⑧    We improved the standard measurements for risk capital. Measurement and verification procedures
           for operational risk-based economic capital which were applicable for the current risk tolerance
           level were established. Through controlling the total amount of operational risk-based economic
           capital, we ensured a reasonable balance between the scale of various business and their respective
           risk tolerance capability;
      ⑨    We paid great attention to the training and promotion of culture relating to operational risk
           management. We emphasized the importance of conducting risk identification and control before
           introducing innovative products and innovative businesses, and continuous identification and
           investigation of potential risks in the business operation procedures. Through various kinds of
           trainings and promotions, operational risk management covers all the departments and branches
           in our front, middle and back offices, and in turn effectively strengthens all the staff’s ability to
           control in advance, monitor during and improve after the occurrence of such events.


5.    Liquidity risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The Company’s exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from failure to obtain sufficient funds at
reasonable costs and in a timely manner to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy
other capital needs for normal business operation. If there are material and adverse changes in operating
condition in the future and the Company is not able to maintain its gearing ratio at a reasonable level, and its
operation experiences unusual changes, it may not be able to repay the principal of, or interest on, relevant
debts in full when due.
     Possible liquidity risk events and factors of the Company include cash flow strains, persistent high
financing costs, downgraded regulatory rating, blocked financing channels and difficulties in servicing
concentrated mature debts.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

82
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Duties of liquidity risk management

     The Operating Management of the Company is responsible for reviewing and making decisions on
major liquidity risk management matters of the Company. A treasure operating mechanism for centralized
management and control of liquidity risk has been established, and the Capital Management Department is
responsible for developing the daily liquidity management of the Company. The Company, after thorough
consideration of the status of liabilities, business development, market situation, etc., implements dynamic
management of the use of fund of all business segments of the Company and sets up financing initiatives.


(3)   Management measures for liquidity risk

      In order to prevent liquidity risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    The Company has established high-quality current asset reserves and a minimum excess reserve
           quota system. It has formulated liquidity contingency plans to store minimum excess reserve in the
           capital plan and reserved treasury bonds, policy financial bonds and other highly liquid assets which
           can be liquidated at any time under extreme circumstances to cover unexpected expenses;
      ②    The Company has actively developed management for financing gaps. By using management tools
           such as a cash flow gap, sensitivity analysis and stress testing, it can identify potential risks at an
           early stage and to arrange financing or adjust the pace of fund usage for business purposes in
           advance so as to effectively manage the payment risk;
      ③    The Company has continuously expanded its financing channels and balanced the distribution of
           debt maturity so as to avoid the payment risk caused by a single financing channel or servicing
           mature debts;
      ④    The Company has established an internal risk reporting system to promptly monitor the liquidity
           risk in the operation of each business and at each branch. In addition, it has taken measures to
           promote the safety, soundness and sustainability of the aforementioned operations.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              83
Chapter 5: Major Events


I.    Proposals on Profit Distribution for Ordinary Shares or Conversion of
      Capital Reserve

(I)   Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

     While striving to achieve sustainable growth and development, the Company also attached great
importance to provide reasonable, steady and constant returns to investors, and has implemented a
continuous and stable profit distribution policy.
      The Company may distribute its profits in the form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and
shares, and may distribute its profit by way of cash dividend as priority. The specific distribution ratio will be
determined by the Board according to the operating status of the Company and the relevant requirements
of CSRC, subject to the approval at the shareholders’ general meeting. Under the premises that both the
profit and risk control indicators of the Company have met the regulatory requirements, and after taking into
account the operation and long-term development needs of the Company, the Company has adopted profit
distribution in the form of cash.
      The profit distribution of the Company complies with the following requirements:
      1.   profits distributed by the Company in cash each year shall be no less than 10% of distributable
           profits realized in that year, and for any three consecutive years, profits accumulatively distributed
           by the Company in cash shall be no less than 30% of annual average distributable profits realized
           for such three years;
      2.   the Company may not distribute profits beyond the scope of accumulative distributable profits and
           shall ensure that, after the implementation of the profit distribution plan, all risk control indexes
           comply with the standard warning requirements set out in the Measures for the Risk Control
           Indexes of Securities Companies;
      3.   the Company shall in principle distribute profits once each year, but the Board may suggest the
           Company make the interim cash dividend distribution according to its profitability and funding
           requirements and on relevant conditions; and
      4.   where the Company maintains the consistency of share capital expansion with business
           development and performance growth on the premise of complying with the provisions concerning
           cash dividend distribution contained in (1) above and ensuring the reasonable scale of share capital
           of the Company, it may distribute dividends in shares or by other means.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated and implemented the 2018 annual profit
distribution plan in accordance with the requirements on the policy, decision-making process and
arrangement of dividend under the Plan on Shareholders Returns of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
(2018-2020) (《招商證券股份有限公司股東回報規劃(2018年-2020年)》) and the Articles of Association of
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司章程》).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

84
                                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



       The proposal on profit distribution for 2018 is as follows:
     Based on the total share capital of 6,699,409,329 shares, a cash dividend of RMB 2.64 (tax inclusive) will
be distributed to every 10 shares. The actual total cash dividend distributed for the period amounted to RMB
1,768,644,062.86, representing 39.97% of the net profit attributable to the owners of the parent company
for 2018 according to the consolidated financial statements.
     The profit distribution plans were reviewed by the Company’s independent Directors and were approved
by the Board before they were submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting for approval. The proposals
were considered and passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, where the votes by minority shareholders
were counted separately.
      The profit distribution policy adopted by the Company is in compliance with laws and regulations as
well as stipulations of the Plan on Shareholders Returns of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (2018-2020)
(《 招商證券股份有限公司股東回報規劃(2018年-2020年)》) and the Articles of Association. The dividend
distribution standard and ratio were specified and clear, and the relevant decision-making process
and arrangement are complete. The independent Directors of the Company have fully performed their
responsibilities in the course of profit distribution and the legitimate rights and interests of minority
shareholders were safeguarded.
       The 2018 annual profit distribution plan of the Company was implemented on August 27, 2019.


(II)   Plan or proposal for distribution of dividend for ordinary shares or conversion of capital
       reserve into share capital of the Company for the last three years (including the Reporting
       Period)

       The 2019 annual profit distribution plan of the Company is as follows:
                                                                                                     Unit: Yuan           Currency: RMB

                                                                                                               Net profit Percentage of net
                                                                                                            attributable profit attributable
                                                                                                           to holders of         to holders of
                                                                                                         ordinary shares ordinary shares of
                                                                                                            of the listed the listed company
                             Bonus share      Dividend for    Conversion into                           company for the           as stated in
                               for every   every 10 shares    share capital for                           year as stated    the consolidated
                               10 shares             (RMB)     every 10 shares     Cash dividends in the consolidated                financial
               Year              (share)    (tax inclusive)            (share)      (tax inclusive) financial statements      statements (%)

        2019                          0                  0                   0                  0     7,282,380,829.33                      0
        2018                          0               2.64                   0    1,768,644,062.86     4,424,985,940.97                 39.97
        2017                          0               3.46                   0    2,317,995,627.83     5,785,955,137.26                 40.06




                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                          85
Chapter 5: Major Events



(III) The inclusion of shares repurchased through cash offer in cash dividend

                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                    Amount of
       Year of cash dividend                                     cash dividend             Percentage (%)

       2019                                                     663,895,568.36                        9.12

           According to the “Opinions on Supporting the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies” (《關
     於支持上市公司回購股份的意見》), where listed company repurchases its shares by means of offer or
     centralized auctions with the consideration in cash, it shall be deemed as cash dividend of the listed
     company and be counted in the calculation of relevant proportion of cash dividend. On May 20, 2019,
     the Company convened the first extraordinary general meeting for 2019, the first A Shares class general
     meeting for 2019 and the first H Shares class general meeting for 2019 and considered and approved the
     Resolution in respect of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company by Centralized Auctions. On December
     26, 2019, the Company convened the twenty-eighth meeting of the sixth session of the Board and
     considered and approved the Resolution on the Advanced Completion of A Share Repurchase of the
     Company, agreeing to complete the repurchase of the Company’s A shares ahead of schedule, and the
     total amount of repurchase was RMB 663,895,568.36 (excluding transaction fee). In summary, the total
     amount repurchased by the Company through centralized auctions in 2019 shall be included in cash
     dividend of that year.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

86
                                                                              Chapter 5: Major Events



(IV) Profits made during the Reporting Period and the parent company’s profits distributed to
     ordinary shareholders are positive. However, if the proposal on distribution of cash profit of
     ordinary shares is unavailable, the Company shall disclose in detail the causes thereof as well
     as purpose and utilization plan of the undistributed profit


      Reason for profits made during the Reporting
        Period and the parent company’s profits
       distributed to ordinary shareholders being
        positive, but the proposal on distribution
         of cash profit of ordinary shares being                    Purpose and utilization plan of the
                        unavailable                                        undistributed profit

      As the Company is currently promoting issues
      related to the rights issue, pursuant to Article 18 of
      the Administrative Measures for Securities Issuance
      and Underwriting of the CSRC, in the situation that
      the proposals on profit distribution or capitalization
      of common reserve have not been submitted for
      approval at the shareholders’ general meeting
      or have been approved but not yet executed,
      listed companies should issue securities after the          The Company will distribute profits as soon
      execution of the aforementioned proposals. If the          as possible upon the completion of the rights
      Company implements the rights issue after the 2019           issue in accordance with the requirements
      annual general meeting and profit distribution,               of relevant regulatory authorities and the
      the Company’s capital and working capital will                provisions of the Articles of Association.
      not be increased and replenished in time, which
      will directly affect the current profit and long-term
      development of the Company.

      Considering comprehensive factors such as the
      interests of shareholders and the development of
      the Company, the Company will not make profit
      distribution in 2019, nor will it capitalise its capital
      reserve.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            87
Chapter 5: Major Events



(V) Tax reduction

1.   A Shareholders

      Pursuant to the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of Differentiated Individual Income Tax
Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) (《關於實施上市公司股息紅利差
別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》(財稅[2012] 85號)) and the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated
Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關
於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》 (財稅[2015] 101號)) issued by the Ministry
of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus received by
individual investors from a listed company, from the date when the individual investors acquire the shares
of the Company to the date of equity registration, if the term of shareholding is over one year, temporarily,
the dividend and bonus are exempted from individual income taxes, and if the term of shareholding is within
one year (inclusive), the listed company, temporarily, shall not withhold or pay any individual income taxes on
behalf of the individual investors, and shall make corresponding adjustments in accordance with the above
notification requirements when the individual investors transfer the shares.
     For resident enterprise shareholders, income tax on their cash bonuses shall be paid by themselves.
      For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), pursuant to provisions in the Notice on Issues
Regarding Withholding and Payment of Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute
Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the QFII (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47) (《關於中國居民企業向QFII
支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知》 (國稅函[2009] 47號)) issued by the State
Administration of Taxation, corporate income taxes are withheld and paid by the listed company at the tax
rate of 10%. If the QFII shareholder intends to claim the preferential treatment as stipulated in tax treaties
(arrangements) after obtaining dividend and bonus incomes, application for tax refund can be submitted to
the governing tax authority after obtaining such dividends and bonuses in accordance with the regulations.
      Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs
(Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014] 81號))
issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividend and bonus
incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) in the Hong Kong market from investing
in A Shares listed on the SSE, the implementation of differentiated taxation is suspended before Hong Kong
Securities Clearing Co., Ltd. meets the conditions of providing identification, term of shareholding and other
specific data of investors to the CSDC; the income taxes thereof are withheld and paid by the listed company
at the rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the governing taxation authority. For Hong Kong
investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered into a tax treaty with the PRC specifying
an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the investing enterprises or individuals may
by themselves or entrust a withholding agent on their behalf to apply to the governing tax authority of the
listed company to claim the preferential treatment as stipulated in such tax treaties. Upon the verification and
approval of the governing tax authority, taxes shall be refunded based on the discrepancy between the levied
taxes and the taxes payable pursuant to the tax rate of the tax treaty.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

88
                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



2.   H Shareholders

      Pursuant to the Notice on Matters Concerning the Levy and Administration of Individual Income Tax after
the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《關於國稅發[1993] 045號文件廢
止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》(國稅函[2011] 348號)) issued by the State Administration of Taxation,
dividend and bonus income received by overseas resident individual shareholders who hold shares issued by
domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong is subject to the payment of individual income tax
according to the items of “interests, dividend and bonus income”, which shall be withheld and paid by the
withholding agents according to relevant laws. The overseas resident individual shareholders who hold shares
issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled to the relevant preferential
tax treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax agreements signed between the countries where they
reside and China and the tax arrangements between Mainland and Hong Kong (Macau). The tax rate for
dividends under the relevant tax agreements and tax arrangements is generally 10%, and for the purpose of
simplifying tax administration, domestic non-foreign invested enterprises issuing shares in Hong Kong may,
when distributing dividends and bonus, generally withhold individual income tax at the rate of 10%, and are
not required to file an application. If the tax rate for dividends is not equal to 10%, the following provisions
shall apply: (1) for citizens from countries which have entered into tax agreements stipulating a tax rate of
lower than 10%, the withholding agents can file applications on their behalf to claim the relevant agreed
preferential treatments, and upon approval by the governing tax authorities, the excess tax amounts withheld
will be refunded; (2) for citizens from countries which have entered into tax agreements stipulating a tax rate
of higher than 10% but lower than 20%, the withholding agents will withhold the individual income tax at
the agreed-upon effective tax rate when distributing dividends and bonus, and are not required to file an
application; (3) for citizens from countries without tax agreements or under other situations, the withholding
agents will withhold the individual income tax at 20% when distributing dividends and bonus.
      Pursuant to the Circular on Questions Concerning Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Dividends
Distributed by Resident Enterprises in China to Non-resident Enterprises Holding H Shares of the Enterprises
(Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得
稅有關問題的通知》 (國稅函[2008] 897號)) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, a PRC resident
enterprise, when distributing dividends for 2008 and for the years afterwards to holders of H Shares who are
overseas non-resident enterprises, shall withhold and pay enterprise income tax at a flat rate of 10%.
      Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs
(Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014] 81號))
and the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs (Cai Shui [2016]
No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2016] 127號)) issued by the
Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividend and bonus incomes
obtained by mainland individual investors from investing in H Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the individual income
taxes thereof are withheld and paid by the H Share company at the rate of 20%; for dividend and bonus
incomes obtained by mainland securities investment funds from investing in H Shares listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect,
the individual income taxes are accrued and levied according to the same provision stated above; and for
dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland corporate investors from investing in H Shares listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect, the income taxes thereof shall be reported and paid by the investing enterprise on its own instead
of being withheld and paid by the H Share company, provided that where such dividend and bonus incomes
are obtained by the mainland resident enterprise after holding relevant H Shares for 12 consecutive months,
the enterprise income taxes thereof shall be exempted pursuant to law.
    Under the current practice of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong
Kong in respect of dividends paid by the Company.
     Shareholders of the Company shall pay the relevant taxes and/or be entitled to the tax relieves in
accordance with the above provisions.


                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            89
Chapter 5: Major Events



II.      Performance of Undertakings

(I)      Undertakings of obligors, including the de facto controller, shareholders, related parties and
         acquirer of the Company and the Company during or subsisting at the time of the Reporting
         Period


                                                                                                                                                                          Follow-up
                                                                                                                                             Whether the
                                                                                                                                                                          actions, in
                                                                                                                                Whether the undertakings   Reason for
                                                                                                                                                                            case of
                                                                                                                                undertakings have been         not
                                                                                                          Effective time and                                             undertakings
      Background            Type            Party(ies)                       Details                                               have a      strictly    performed
                                                                                                            validity period                                                   not
                                                                                                                                performance performed      in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                          performed
                                                                                                                                  deadline   in a timely     manner
                                                                                                                                                                          in a timely
                                                                                                                                               manner
                                                                                                                                                                            manner

                                                             Pursuant to the Non-competition
                                                             Undertaking Letter in favour of the         Upon the public
                                                             Company, Jisheng Investment has             offering and listing of
 Undertaking related                                         undertaken that it will not engage in any   the A Shares of the
                         Prevention of   Jisheng
 to the initial public                                       business which competes directly with       Company, and as long Yes            Yes           —             —
                          competition    Investment
       offering                                              the existing principal businesses of the    as Jisheng Investment
                                                             Company and its subsidiaries (whether       is a shareholder of the
                                                             wholly-owned or not) in accordance with     Company.
                                                             laws and administrative regulations.

                                                         Pursuant to the Non-competition
                                                         Undertaking Letter in favour of the
                                                         Company, China Merchants Group
                                                         has undertaken that it and the legal
                                                         entities beneficially controlled by it will
                                                         not establish new securities companies
                                                                                                         Upon the public
                                                         or control other securities companies
                                                                                                         offering and listing of
                                                         through acquisition in the PRC. For
                                                                                                         the A Shares of the
 Undertaking related                                     businesses of the same or similar nature
                         Prevention of   China Merchants                                                 Company, and as long
 to the initial public                                   to securities companies engaged by the                                  Yes         Yes           —             —
                          competition    Group                                                           as China Merchants
       offering                                          non-securities companies controlled by
                                                                                                         Group is the de facto
                                                         China Merchants Group, it will make
                                                                                                         controller of the
                                                         sufficient disclosure in accordance with
                                                                                                         Company.
                                                         laws upon the public offering and listing
                                                         of the shares of the Company. China
                                                         Merchants Group shall not harm the
                                                         interests of the Company and other
                                                         shareholders by virtue of its role of de
                                                         facto controller of the Company.

                                                         H Shares subscribed under the Global
 Undertaking related                                                                            Three years from the
                          Lock-up of     China Merchants Offering shall be locked up for three
 to the initial public                                                                          listing date of H Shares Yes                 Yes           —             —
                            shares       Group           years commencing from the listing date
       offering                                                                                 of the Company
                                                         of H Shares of the Company.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

90
                                                                                                                                     Chapter 5: Major Events




                                                                                                                                                                        Follow-up
                                                                                                                                           Whether the
                                                                                                                                                                        actions, in
                                                                                                                              Whether the undertakings   Reason for
                                                                                                                                                                          case of
                                                                                                                              undertakings have been         not
                                                                                                     Effective time and                                                undertakings
   Background            Type            Party(ies)                      Details                                                 have a      strictly    performed
                                                                                                       validity period                                                      not
                                                                                                                              performance performed      in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                        performed
                                                                                                                                deadline   in a timely     manner
                                                                                                                                                                        in a timely
                                                                                                                                             manner
                                                                                                                                                                          manner

                                                          No transfer of A Shares subscribed in the
                                                          non-public offering is allowed within 60
Undertaking related    Lock-up of     CM Finance
                                                          months from the date of completion of 60 months                     Yes          Yes           —             —
  to re-financing        shares       Investment
                                                          the non-public offering of A Shares in
                                                          May 2014.

                                                 Pursuant to the Non-competition
                                                 Undertaking Letter in favour of the               As long as CM
                                                 Company, CM Finance Investment has                Finance Investment
Undertaking related   Prevention of   CM Finance
                                                 undertaken that it and other entities             i s a c o n t r o l l i n g Yes         Yes           —             —
  to re-financing      competition    Investment
                                                 controlled by it will not engage in any           shareholder of the
                                                 business which competes with the                  Company.
                                                 businesses of the Company.

                                      CM Finance
                                      Investment,
                                      J i s h e n g They have undertaken to subscribe in full
Undertaking related                                                                                   The right issue period
                         Others       I n v e s t m e n t , for the shares available under the rights                        Yes           Yes           —             —
  to re-financing                                                                                     of the Company
                                      B e s t W i n n e r issue plan in cash.
                                      Investment
                                      Limited




                                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                               91
Chapter 5: Major Events




                                                                                                                                                            Follow-up
                                                                                                                               Whether the
                                                                                                                                                            actions, in
                                                                                                                  Whether the undertakings   Reason for
                                                                                                                                                              case of
                                                                                                                  undertakings have been         not
                                                                                             Effective time and                                            undertakings
    Background         Type        Party(ies)                     Details                                            have a      strictly    performed
                                                                                               validity period                                                  not
                                                                                                                  performance performed      in a timely
                                                                                                                                                            performed
                                                                                                                    deadline   in a timely     manner
                                                                                                                                                            in a timely
                                                                                                                                 manner
                                                                                                                                                              manner

                                                They have undertaken not to interfere in
                                                the operation and management activities
                                                of the Company beyond the authority;
                                                not encroach upon the interests of the
                                                Company; not deliver interests to other
                                                units or individuals free of charge or
                                                under unfair conditions, nor damage
                                                the interests of the Company in other
                                                means; if the China Securities Regulatory   As long as China
                                                Commission (CSRC) makes other new           Merchants Group is
                                                regulatory provisions on remedial           the de facto controller
                                China Merchants
                                                measures and other new undertakings         of the Company;
 Undertaking related            Group, CM
                       Others                   before the completion of the right issue,   a s l o n g a s C M Yes            Yes           —             —
   to re-financing              F i n a n c e
                                                and the aforesaid undertakings fail to      Finance Investment
                                Investment
                                                meet such provisions of the CSRC, the       is a controlling
                                                additional undertakings will be given in    shareholder of the
                                                accordance with the latest provisions       Company.
                                                of the CSRC; in case of any loss caused
                                                to the Company or other shareholders
                                                due to violation of the aforesaid
                                                undertakings or refusal to perform the
                                                aforesaid undertakings, they shall be
                                                liable for compensation to the Company
                                                or other shareholders according to the
                                                laws.

                                                When there is unusual price movement
                                                in the shares of the Company, they
 Other undertakings             China Merchants                                        When there is unusual
                                                will not reduce their shareholdings in
     to minority       Others   Group, China                                           price movement in the Yes               Yes           —             —
                                                the Company and will increase their
    shareholders                Ocean Shipping                                         shares of the Company
                                                shareholdings in accordance with laws
                                                when appropriate.

        Note: the restricted shares was traded on the market on May 27, 2019.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

92
                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



III. Company’s Analysis and Explanation about the Reasons for and Impact of
     Changes in Accounting Policy and Accounting Estimates or Correction to
     Material Errors

     Beginning from January 1, 2019 (the “Date of Initial Application”), the Group has adopted the
amendments to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 21 – Lease (the “New Lease
Standards”) announced by the Ministry of Finance in 2018. The New Lease Standards had impact on
the opening balances of the Group’s financial statements for 2019, and resulted in the recognition of
lease liabilities in the amount of RMB 1,315,351,508.46 and right-of-use assets in the amount of RMB
1,234,653,727.83. The transition to the New Lease Standards resulted in a decrease in retained profits and
other liabilities of RMB 72,487,323.19 and RMB 8,210,457.44, respectively.
      For details of the above change in accounting policies, please refer to “Changes in Key Accounting
Policies and Accounting Estimates” under “Chapter 11 Financial Report” of this report.


IV. Appointment and Removal of Accounting Firms

                                                                               Unit: 10,000   Currency: RMB

                                                                   Currently appointed
      Name of domestic accounting firm                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                   Certified Public Accountants LLP
      Remuneration                                                 209.50
      Term of appointment                                          2 years
      Name of international accounting firm                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Remuneration                                                 108
      Term of appointment                                          2 years

                                                  Name                           Remuneration
      Accounting firm for internal control and    Deloitte Touche                35
      auditing                                    Tohmatsu Certified Public
                                                  Accountants LLP

          During the year, there was no non-audit remuneration paid to the auditors.
         In 2018, pursuant to the Administrative Measures for the Selection and Engagement of Accounting
    Firms by Financial Enterprises (trial) (Cai Jin [2010] No. 169) (《金融企業選聘會計師事務所招標管理辦法
   （試行）   》財金[2010] 169號）
          （                    ) issued by the Ministry of Finance, as ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
    LLP had been the Company’s auditors for annual audit for more than five years, the Company’s domestic
    and overseas auditors have been changed to Deloitte (including Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified
    Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, hereinafter referred to as “Deloitte”). In 2019,
    the Company reappointed Deloitte as the auditor for financial reporting and internal control and
    auditing for 2019.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         93
Chapter 5: Major Events



V. Material Litigations or Arbitrations

     The Company had no material litigations or arbitrations during the year. For litigations involved in an
amount of RMB 50 million or above during the Reporting Period, please refer to the relevant announcements
published by the Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on January 23, June 18, July 31,
August 14, August 16 and November 21, 2019, respectively.


VI. Punishment and Remedial Measures on the Listed Company, its Directors,
    Supervisors, Senior Management, Controlling Shareholders, De Facto
    Controller and Acquirer

     1.    During the Reporting Period, CMS HK, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was subject to
           disciplinary action by the SFC. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by
           the Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on May 28 and May 31, 2019.
     2.    On July 23, 2019, the Suzhou branch of the People’s Bank of China issued the “Administrative
           Penalty Decision” to the securities office on Suzhou Huachi Street of the Company and relevant
           individuals, considering that such office did not adopt the strengthened identification measure to
           a high-risk customer in accordance with regulations. Administrative penalties were taken against
           such office and the compliance officer of such office. The Company requested such office to rectify
           the relevant issues in a timely manner.
     3.    On September 11, 2019, the CSRC Beijing Office issued the “Decision on Ordering Corrections
           and Increasing Number of Compliance Inspections to the securities office on Beijing Chaowai of
           the Company” to the securities office on Beijing Chaowai of the Company, stating that such office
           had the following issues: 1) when opening an account for client’s margin financing and securities
           trading, an employee made a mistake in linking the account to another client’s shareholder
           account; and 2) during the agency sales of product, there was no trace of risk warning made by the
           office to a customer. The CSRC Beijing Office ordered the office to make corrections and increase
           the number of compliance inspections. Upon the receipt of such decision, the Company has
           improved related businesses as required, and will increase the number of compliance inspections as
           required.
     4.    On November 13, 2019, the Lanzhou branch of the People’s Bank of China issued the
           “Administrative Penalty Decision” to the securities office on Lanzhou Qingyang Road of the
           Company, considering that such office did not fulfill its client identity identification obligations in
           accordance with regulations. Administrative penalties were taken against such office, the person in
           charge of such office and two other personnel directly responsible for such matter. The office has
           rectified the relevant issues as required.
     5.    On December 3, 2019, the Securities Association of China issued the “Decision on Self-regulatory
           Measures against China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.”. Due to issues such as inadequate
           allocation of risk control personnel as at December 1, 2017, the Securities Association of China
           imposed self-regulatory measures reminded by conversations to the Company. The Company has
           attached great importance to risk management and recruited and supplemented risk management
           personnel to effectively strengthen protection. Since August 2018, the staffing of the Company’s
           risk management department has met the regulatory requirements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

94
                                                                           Chapter 5: Major Events



    6.   On December 16, 2019, the CSRC issued the “Decision on the Issuance of Warning Letter to China
         Merchants Securities”. The Company was issued a warning letter by the CSRC for administrative
         supervision due to the inadequate implementation of new regulations for compliance
         management. The Company has attached great importance to such matter and formulated a
         rectification plan to actively implement rectification through the following measures: (1) required
         relevant departments and branches to employ compliance specialists in accordance with regulatory
         requirements; (2) rectified the compensation guarantee scheme for compliance managers; (3)
         amended the “Compliance Management System of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” to
         clearly specify that the compliance director has the right to participate in various types of Company
         meetings; and (4) clarified the Company’s major decisions, new products and new businesses
         and Company rules and regulations, and the principles and methods of compliance review by the
         compliance director.


VII. Integrity of the Company and Its Controlling Shareholders and De Facto
     Controller during the Reporting Period

     During the Reporting Period, the Company and its de facto controller were not subject to any
outstanding court order or large amount of overdue liabilities.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          95
Chapter 5: Major Events



VIII. Information about the Company’s Share Incentive Plan, Employee Stock
      Ownership Plan or Other Employee Incentive Measures and Their Impacts

(I)   Related share incentive events which were disclosed in the temporary announcements and
      with no progress or change in subsequent implementation


       Summary of event                                                          Reference
       The Company held the 17th meeting of the sixth session of the Board       The relevant
       on March 12, 2019, and considered and approved the “Resolution            announcements published
       in Relation to the Plan for Repurchasing A Shares of the Company by       by the Company on
       Centralized Bidding Transactions”. Pursuant to relevant provisions, the   the Hong Kong Stock
       Company intended to use all the A Shares repurchased for the employee     Exchange website on
       stock ownership plan.                                                     March 12, March 13, April
       On May 20, 2019, the above proposals were considered and approved         11, May 20, October 15,
       at the first extraordinary general meeting for 2019, the first A Shares   November 8 and December
       class general meeting for 2019 and the first H Shares class general       26, 2019, and January 14,
       meeting for 2019 of the Company.                                          January 15, January 22 and
       On October 15, 2019, the 25th meeting of the sixth session of the         March 5, 2020.
       Board considered and approved the “Proposal for Employee Stock
       Ownership Plan (Draft) of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and its
       Summary” for submission to the Company’s shareholders meeting for
       consideration.
       On November 8, 2019, the Company implemented the first repurchase
       of A Shares through the SSE trading system by way of centralized
       bidding transaction. On December 26, 2019, the Company held the
       28th meeting of the sixth session of the Board, and considered and
       approved the “Proposal on the Advanced Completion of A Share
       Repurchase of the Company” and agreed to submit the “Proposal on
       the Clarification of Price and Plan Size for the Repurchase of Shares
       of the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan” to the Company’s
       shareholders meeting for consideration.
       On January 15, 2020, the Company’s 2020 first extraordinary general
       meeting considered and approved the above proposal, and accordingly
       revised the “Proposal for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) of
       China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” and its summary.
       On January 21, 2020, the Company held the first meeting of holders
       of employee stock ownership plan, and considered and approved
       the “Proposal on the Establishment of Employee Stock Ownership
       Plan Management Committee of the Company”, the “Proposal on
       the Election of Members of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan
       Management Committee of the Company” and the “Proposal on
       Authorizing the Employee Stock Ownership Plan Management
       Committee of the Company to Deal with Matters in Relation to the
       Employee Stock Ownership Plan”.
       In March 2020, the Company received the “Share Transfer
       Confirmation” issued by CSDC. On March 3, 2020, the Company
       has completed the share transfer procedures for the employee stock
       ownership plan. There are 40,020,780 A Shares under the employee
       stock ownership plan of the Company, accounting for 0.5974% of the
       Company’s total share capital, with a total of 995 participants.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

96
                                                                                 Chapter 5: Major Events



IX. Connected Transactions

     During the Reporting Period, the following continuing connected transactions of the Company were
subject to the reporting, annual review and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong
Kong Listing Rules.
     We entered into the Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and Services Framework Agreement
and Administrative Procurement and Property Leasing Framework Agreement (the “Framework Agreements”)
with China Merchants Group on May 21, 2019 for a term commencing from September 9, 2019 until
December 31, 2021 and May 21, 2019 until December 31, 2021, respectively. Pursuant to the Framework
Agreements, we and China Merchants Group and/or its associates agreed to conduct securities and financial
transactions with each another, and provide securities and financial products and financial services as well as
administrative procurement and property leasing services to each another, in their respective ordinary course
of business based on normal commercial terms and market practices at prevailing market prices or rates.


A.   Securities and financial products and transactions

     Reasons for the transactions

      We conduct securities and financial transactions with China Merchants Group and/or its associates
in our ordinary course of business from time to time. We select the most suitable securities and financial
products provided by different suppliers (including China Merchants Group and/or its associates, which
are our connected persons, and independent third parties) based on our internal evaluation system and
procedures after taking into consideration various factors including the cost, market condition and our risk
exposure, business needs and development requirements. The estimated annual caps of the total inflow and
total outflow of the securities and financial products and transactions contemplated under the Framework
Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                  RMB million

      Securities and financial products and
      transactions                                                        2019             2020              2021

      Inflow                                                            10,290           10,890            11,110

      Outflow                                                            8,440           10,840            14,940

     (1)   “Inflow” represents our total cash inflow from the sale of fixed income products and equity products to,
           transactions of derivative products with and/or borrowing/repurchase from financing transactions with
           China Merchants Group and its associates.
     (2)   “Outflow” represents our total cash outflow from the purchase of fixed income products and equity
           products from, transactions of derivative products with and/or lending/resale from financing transactions
           with China Merchants Group and its associates.




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                97
Chapter 5: Major Events



     Historical figures

     The Group had securities and financial products transactions with China Merchants Group and/or its
associates, with a total cash inflow of RMB 3,134 million and a total cash outflow of RMB 2,245 million. Such
amounts did not exceed the caps for 2019.

                                                                                               RMB million

       Securities and financial products and transactions                        As at December 31, 2019

       Inflow                                                                                    3,133.7148

       Outflow                                                                                   2,245.0640



B.   Financial services

     Reasons for the transactions

      In our ordinary course of business, we provide various financial services to our clients, which include
China Merchants Group and its associates. Due to their business needs and our expertise and professional
capabilities, we had been engaged by China Merchants Group and its associates to provide financial services
including (but not limited to) underwriting, sponsoring, financial advisory and financial products agency sale
services from time to time. The estimated annual caps of the financial services (insofar as an annual cap is
required to be set for that service) to be provided under the Framework Agreement for the three years ending
December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                              RMB million

       Financial services                                             2019             2020            2021

       Income generated by us                                       230.11           231.22          232.39




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

98
                                                                              Chapter 5: Major Events



     Historical figures

     As at December 31, 2019, the Group provided securities and financial services to China Merchants
Group and/or its associates and generated income of RMB 165.0345 million, which was below the annual cap
of 2019. The figures are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                     As at
                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                                      2019

      Financial services                                                                        RMB million

      Total income generated by us                                                                  165.0345

      Underwriting and sponsoring services                                                           35.1577

      Financial and insurance products agency sale services                                           3.1980

      Other investment banking services                                                             101.7872

      Leasing of trading seats                                                                       24.8916

     Details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in note 60 to the consolidated
financial statements in this report and the circular of the Company dated July 25, 2019.


C.   Administrative procurement and property leasing

     Reasons for the transactions

     We conduct administrative procurement and property leasing with China Merchants Group, our
controlling shareholder, and its associates from time to time in our ordinary course of business. The estimated
annual caps of the administrative procurement and property leasing contemplated under the Framework
Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                               RMB million

                                                                2019 (since
                                                              the effective
                                                                date of the
      Transactions                                              agreement)             2020             2021

      Administrative procurement                                         23               25               27

      Property leasing                                                   21               22               23




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           99
Chapter 5: Major Events



      Historical figures

     As at December 31, 2019, the administrative procurement and property leasing between the Group and
China Merchants Group and its associates from time to time amounted to RMB 17.9022 million and RMB
19.1986 million, respectively, which was below the annual cap of 2019. The figures are set out in the table
below:

                                                                                               RMB million

                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                              December 31,
       Transactions                                                                                  2019

       Administrative procurement                                                                      17.90

       Property leasing                                                                                19.20



      Confirmation of independent non-executive Directors

    The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing
connected transactions and confirmed that:
      (1)   the above continuing connected transactions are entered into during the ordinary course of the
            business of the Company;
      (2)   the above continuing connected transactions are entered into on normal commercial terms or more
            favorable terms; and
      (3)   the above continuing connected transactions are executed by agreements, and the terms of which
            are fair and reasonable and are in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.


      Confirmation of independent auditor

     The independent auditor of the Company has reviewed the above continuing connected
transactions and confirmed that:
      (1)   they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the continuing
            connected transactions disclosed have not been approved by the Board;
      (2)   in respect of the continuing connected transactions involving the provision of services by
            the Company, they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the
            transactions are not executed in accordance with the pricing policy of the Company in any material
            aspects;
      (3)   they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the transactions are
            not entered into in accordance with the relevant governing agreements in any material aspects;
            and
      (4)   in respect of the aggregate transaction amount of each continuing connected transaction,
            they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the continuing
            connected transactions disclosed have exceeded the annual caps of value determined by the
            Company.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

100
                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



      Save as disclosed above, there is no related party transaction or continuing related party transaction set
out in note 61 to the consolidated financial statements that falls into the connected transactions or continuing
connected transactions that need to be disclosed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Save as disclosed in this
report, during the Reporting Period, the Company has no connected transactions which are required to be
disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
    For details of other connected transactions subject to the listing rules for A Shares, please refer to the
Announcement on the Contemplated Ordinary Connected Transactions of the Company for 2020 (《關於公司
2020年度預計日常關聯交易的公告》) published by the Company on the SSE website, China Securities Journal,
Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           101
Chapter 5: Major Events



X. Material Contracts and Their Performance

         Guarantees

                                                                                                                                                                Unit: 100 million                        Currency: RMB

                                                                            Guarantees provided by the Company (excluding guarantees for subsidiaries)
            Relationship
                                                                      Date of                                                                                           Outstanding
           between the                                                                   Effective                                                                                                        Guarantee
                                                    Amount of        guarantee                         Expiry date      Types of       Completion Guarantee              amount of         Counter-
 Guarantor guarantor Guarantee                                                            date of                                                                                                         for related     Relationship
                                                    guarantee         (date of                        of guarantee     guarantee      of guarantee overdue               guarantee        guarantee
           and the listed                                                               guarantee                                                                                                           parties
                                                                    agreement)                                                                                            overdue
             company
 —                          —                —                —                   —              —              —                —               —                —                —               —                —                —
 Total guarantees provided during the Reporting Period (excluding guarantees for subsidiaries)                                                                                                                                       0
 Balance of guarantees as at the end of the Reporting Period (A) (excluding guarantees
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0
 for subsidiaries)
                                                                                      Guarantees for subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries
 Total guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                                                                                                                     7.91
 Balance of guarantees for subsidiaries as at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                                                                                                                                45.32
                                                                                         Total guarantees (including guarantees for subsidiaries)
 Total guarantees (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                                                          45.32
 Ratio of total guarantee to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                                                                                                                         5.33
 Among which:
 Guarantees for shareholders, de facto controller and their related parties (C)                                                                                                                                                       0
 Debt guarantee provided directly or indirectly for companies with gearing ratio over 70% (D)                                                                                                                                         0
 Amount of guarantees in excess of 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                                                                                                                          0
 Total amount of the above three types of guarantees (C+D+E)                                                                                                                                                                          0
 Outstanding guarantees subject to joint and several liabilities                                                                                                                                                                     —
                                                                                                       1. On January 20, 2014, the provision of net assets guarantee of up to RMB 500 million for CMS Asset Management was approved
                                                                                                       at the first extraordinary meeting of the fourth session of the Board in 2014. On September 27, 2016, the increase of net assets
                                                                                                       guarantee in favour of CMS Asset Management by no more than RMB 3 billion in stages and authorization for the management of
                                                                                                       the Company to perform in stages, or terminate, such net assets guarantee within the above limit based on the actual operating
                                                                                                       condition of CMS Asset Management were approved at the 42th meeting of the fifth session of the Board. The balance of net
                                                                                                       assets guarantee provided by the Company for CMS Asset Management as at the end of the Reporting Period amounted to RMB
                                                                                                       3.5 billion.
                                                                                                       2. In September 2019, the second extraordinary meeting of the Company in 2019 considered and approved that the total
                                                                                                       amount of financing guarantees provided by CMS International for its wholly-owned subsidiaries shall not exceed HK$6 billion
                                                                                                       or equivalent; the business covered by the non-financing guarantee shall be managed in accordance with the provisions of the
                                                                                                       Company. The term of validity of the mandate shall be from the date of approval at the shareholders’ general meeting until the
                                                                                                       date of the next annual general meeting. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the agreed amount of guarantee provided by
                                                                                                       CMS International for its wholly-owned subsidiaries was approximately RMB 4.631 billion in total (with financing guarantees of
                                                                                                       approximately RMB 2.050 billion). At the end of the year, the balance of the guarantee utilized and traded was approximately
                                                                                                       RMB 1.032 billion in total.
 Details of guarantees                                                                                 3. The provision of guarantee in favour of the transaction counterparties under the respective ISDA Agreement, CSA Agreement
                                                                                                       and other purchase and sales agreements entered into by China Merchants Securities Investment Management (HK) Co., Limited,
                                                                                                       a wholly-owned subsidiary of CMS International, was approved by the board of directors of CMS International between October
                                                                                                       2013 to April 2018.
                                                                                                       4. The provision of guarantees for China Merchants Futures (HK) and China Merchants Securities (UK) Limited, wholly-owned
                                                                                                       subsidiaries of CMS International, under the Master Clearing Agreement was approved by the board of directors of CMS
                                                                                                       International in April 2015.
                                                                                                       5. The provision of guarantees for China Merchants Securities Investment Management (HK) Co., Limited, a wholly-owned
                                                                                                       subsidiary of CMS International, under the TBMA/ISMA Global Master Repurchase Agreement was approved by the board of
                                                                                                       directors of CMS International between May 2018 to August 2019.
                                                                                                       6. The provision of guarantees in favour of CMS International for all obligations under the lease of office in Kwun Tong and all
                                                                                                       losses and indemnification obligations which may arise from the lease by CMS International and its subsidiaries was approved by
                                                                                                       the board of directors of CMS International in 2018.
                                                                                                       7. The provision of guarantees for China Merchants Securities Investment Management (HK) Co., Limited and China Merchants
                                                                                                       Securities (UK) Limited, wholly-owned subsidiaries of the CMS International, under the Prime Brokerage Agreement was approved
                                                                                                       by the board of directors of CMS International in January 2019.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

102
                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



XI. Other Major Events

(I)    Changes in qualification of each line of business during the Reporting Period

      For details of changes in qualification of each line of business during the Reporting Period, please see
“Business Qualifications of the Company” under “Chapter 2 Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators”
in this report.


(II)   Changes in Directors and senior management

     For details, please see “Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Chapter 7
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” under this report and the announcements of the
Company on the SSE website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website.


(III) Significant events after the Balance Sheet Date

       For details, please see “Events after the Balance Sheet Date” in the 2019 Audit Report of the Company.


XII. Fulfillment of Social Responsibilities

(I)    Poverty alleviation

1.     Targeted poverty alleviation

     Poverty alleviation is one of the three critical missions established by the 19th National Congress
of the Communist Party, and is also a great cause which the securities industry should take the initiative
to implement. The Company continued to implement the “Decision of the PRC State Council on Poverty
Alleviation” (Zhong Fa [2015] No. 34) (《中共中央國務院關於打贏脫貧攻堅戰的決定》(中發[2015] 34號))
and the objectives of the working conference of the central committee on poverty alleviation through
development pursuant to the general working plan formulated by the Party Committee of the CSRC. In active
response to the appeal of the government and the CSRC, the Company has made full use of the characteristics
of the securities industry and carried out targeted poverty alleviation.
     Basic strategy: institutionalizing poverty alleviation to create growth momentum and strengths, rather
than give external relieves, to impoverished counties.
    General target: focusing on the two counties under our paired-up poverty alleviation program to help
impoverished countries realize “self-revitalization”, so as to redevelop the county by themselves, rebuild their
own strengths and lift them out of poverty.
     Main tasks: adhering to the principle that “a man shall be taught how to fish instead of being given
fish”, the Company fully utilizes its professional edges in financial services and social resources to help
impoverished areas establish long-term poverty alleviation mechanism and model that are specific to
the realities of each region, through major assistance measures in the development of industry, finance,
consumption and education.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           103
Chapter 5: Major Events



      Supporting measures: the Party Committee of the Company attaches great importance to poverty
alleviation by coordinating and deploying human and material resources, actively meeting demand from
poverty alleviation work, and promoting, monitoring and periodically inspecting the poverty alleviation work
of the Company with the aim to guarantee the implementation of poverty alleviation.


2.    Summary of targeted poverty alleviation works of the year

(1)   In respect of support to industry

      (1)   In 2019, the Company completed the IPO project of Hualin Securities, helping Hualin Securities
            to become the first IPO listed private securities firm in the Tibet Autonomous Region. Hualin
            Securities is one of the first batch of composite securities firms established in China, having paid
            approximately RMB 0.5 billion of tax in Tibet in recent years and also actively fulfilled its social
            responsibility and accomplished poverty alleviation in six poverty-stricken counties in the Tibet
            Autonomous Region. As the sole sponsor and principal underwriter for the issuance and listing
            of Hualin Securities, the Company upheld professional and rigorous attitude, together with our
            diligent commitment and quality services in the course of implementing this project, successfully
            escorting the issuance and listing of Hualin Securities and raising a total of RMB 977 million of
            proceeds, not only helping Hualin Securities to transform into a specialized composite securities
            firm in China, but also actively contributing to the economic and social development in Tibet.
      (2)   The Company completed the non-public issuance of shares for Muyuan Foods Co., Ltd. in 2019
            and raised proceeds of RMB 5 billion, and the proceeds raised was used in the expansion project
            for enhancing pig breeding capability and the repayment of loans and interest-bearing liabilities
            of financial institutions. By implementing this fundraising investment project, Muyuan Foods will
            continue to maintain its leading position in the pig breeding industry and further promote its
            principal business, so as to enhance the scale of assets and principal business, and improve its
            profitability and sustainable development capability, thereby continuously driving the economic
            growth in the Neixiang and related areas so to foster domestic employment.
      (3)   CMS Zhiyuan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, invested RMB 0.6 billion in Muyuan
            Foods for joint collaboration in the construction of specialized pig farms. All the funding
            was invested in the four breeding subsidiaries of Muyuan Foods, effectively improving the
            standardization of the pig breeding process and the level of safety control and prevention,
            and significantly reinforcing the development of the domestic pig breeding industry and its
            complementary development while accelerating the rate of production resumption of the pig
            industry. The investment had provided effective funding to guarantee the pig breeding of Muyuan
            Foods, effectively combined poverty alleviation, livelihood improvement, supported private
            enterprises and business expansion to carry out poverty alleviation by industry.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

104
                                                                               Chapter 5: Major Events



(2)   In respect of financial support

      (1)   The business unit of Muyuan Foods set up by the Company in Neixiang County continued to carry
            out financial backup works for enterprises at county level in various aspects, through on-site
            visits, business training and due diligence, to provide answers to questions raised by enterprises
            in Neixiang who wish to enter the capital market, thereby helping these enterprises to improve
            their standard in capital operation. In 2019, the Company recommended one company in Neixiang
            County to list successfully on the stock market, visited more than ten companies and identified
            three companies which satisfied the listing requirements, one of which having clearly indicated its
            plan to submit its listing application.
      (2)   Under the leadership of the Party Committee of the Company, a research group formed by the
            Company’s Youth League Committee, general office, investment bank department and research
            and development centre was established. To implement corporate social responsibility through
            practical actions, the research group went to Weining Autonomous County in Guizhou Province
            and Shitai County of Chizhou City in Anhui Province respectively in September and November
            2019 to carry out on-site research in a bid to assist local government departments in studying and
            analyzing development plans, so as to help Weining County and Shitai County to alleviate poverty,
            thereby contributing our efforts for targeted poverty alleviation.


(3)   In respect of welfare for poverty alleviation

      (1)   We launched the “Program for University Tuition Subsidies for Students in Poverty”. To help
            students who had been admitted by universities in 2019 to complete their university studies, the
            Company organized its staff to donate RMB 90,000 to offer financial aids in the amount of RMB
            3,000 to each of the 30 poor students from Shitai County whose files have been created.
      (2)   We donated RMB 30,000 to the “Retired Soldiers Care Fund” of the Hubei Charity Federation, so
            as to launch the care and assistance campaign to assist retired solders with financial difficulties and
            people prioritized for receiving care.
      (3)   In response to the call of the China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation, we actively organized a team
            to participate in the “2019 Beijing Great Walker Fundraising Trekking Event” and donated more
            than RMB 20,000 to the targeted poverty alleviation project for assisting the impoverished people
            in Xi County.




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              105
Chapter 5: Major Events



3.    Effect of targeted poverty alleviation

                                                                                      Unit: 10,000     Currency: RMB

                                    Indicators                                          Amounts and details
 I. Total

 Including: 1. Funds                                                                                          60,011

            2. Conversion of money from materials                                                                   –
            3. Number of people under poverty alleviation with documentary
                                                                                                                     –
               cards (person)
 II. By category
 1. Industrial development
                                                                                ✔ Agriculture and forestry
                                                                                □ Tourism
                                                                                □ E-commerce
 Including: 1.1 Project types
                                                                                □ Asset income promotion
                                                                                □ Technology
                                                                                ✔ Others

            1.2 Number of projects (project)                                                                        1

            1.3 Investment                                                                                    60,000
            1.4 Number of people under poverty alleviation with documentary
                                                                                                                     –
                cards (person)

 2. Education

 Including: 2.1 Subsidies to students in need                                                                       9

            2.2 Number of poor students receiving subsidies (person)                                               30
            2.3 Investment for improving educational resources in
                                                                                                                     –
                impoverished areas

 3. Social poverty alleviation

 Including: 3.1 Contributions to east-west poverty alleviation collaboration                                         –

            3.2 Contributions to fixed-point poverty alleviation                                                     –

            3.3 Charity funds for poverty alleviation                                                               2
 III. Awards (details and levels)
 The Company was awarded the Honorary Certificate for Active Participation and Donation for Poverty Alleviation issued
 by the Securities Association of China and China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

106
                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



4.     Subsequent plans on targeted poverty alleviation

(1)    In respect of support to industry

      Based on the actual situation of outstanding corporations in Neixiang County, Henan Province, we
will make business guidance for their IPO projects or listing on the NEEQ, respectively, assist them to utilize
financial instruments flexibly in the capital market, and offer them tailored, considerate and personalized
financing solutions during different strategic development stages, in order to help them realize sustainable
development and expansion.


(2)    In respect of financial support

      We will continue to take “supporting local economic development with financial services, and helping
localities eliminate poverty as soon as possible” as our own task by pairing up with and helping enterprises
at impoverished county level, actively conducting inclusive financial services and investor education, with the
aim to constantly offer listed companies and listed companies-to-be at county level with professional financial
support and make contribution to local economic development.


(3)    In respect of consumption support

       (1)   Purchasing local agricultural products from impoverished counties in order to actively help
             eliminate poverty by consumption support;
       (2)   Promoting local agricultural products from impoverished counties to employees and clients through
             media by the Company to drive consumption.


(4)    In respect of welfare support

     Based on the poverty alleviation needs of two targeted counties, namely Neixiang County in Henan
Province and Shitai County in Anhui Province, we will deliver practical welfare support.


(II)   Performance of social responsibilities

      Please refer to the 2019 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Securities Co.,
Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司2019年度社會責任報告》) and Environmental, Social and Governance Report
published by the Company for the same period of this report on the SSE website and on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange website, respectively.




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          107
Chapter 5: Major Events



(III) Environmental protection

1.     Companies other than key pollutant discharging units

      Please refer to the 2019 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Securities Co.,
Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司2019年度社會責任報告》) and Environmental, Social and Governance Report
published by the Company for the same period of this report on the SSE website and on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange website, respectively.


XIII. Other Disclosures

(I)    Sufficiency of public float of H Shares

     As at the date of this report, based on the information publicly available and to the best knowledge of
the Directors, the Directors believe that the public float of the Company complied with Rule 8.08 of the Hong
Kong Listing Rules and satisfied the minimum public float requirement prescribed by the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.


(II)   Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in business competing with the Company

    As at the date of this report, none of the Directors or Supervisors had any interests in another business
which has or may have direct or indirect conflict of interests with the business of the Company.


(III) Directors’ and Supervisors’ service contracts

      None of the Directors or Supervisors had a service contract with the Company or its subsidiaries which
is not terminable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


(IV) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors or any entity connected with any Director
or Supervisor of the Company had any material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.


(V) Permitted indemnity provision

      A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage for potential
legal actions and liabilities against the Directors, Supervisors and senior management.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

108
                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



(VI) Pre-emptive share option arrangement

     Pursuant to the PRC laws and Articles of Association, shareholders of the Company are not entitled to
any pre-emptive share option.


(VII) Board’ responsibility statement of risk management, internal control and compliance
      management

     The Board shall assume ultimate responsibility of the risk management, internal control and compliance
management of the Group, and shall be responsible for assessing the effectiveness of such systems. Given
that the objectives of such risk management and internal control systems are to manage, rather than
eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve the business objectives, the Board may only provide reasonable instead
of absolute assurance that such systems and internal control can prevent any material misstatement or loss.


(VIII) Remunerations to Directors and Supervisors

     Details of remunerations to the Directors and Supervisors are set out in “Change in shareholdings and
remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
Reporting Period” under “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” of this
report.


(IX) Purchase, sale or redemption of securities of the Company

     During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased 40,020,780 A Shares, representing 0.5974%
of the total share capital of the Company, by way of centralized bidding transaction through the SSE trading
system. For details, please see “Changes in ordinary shares” under “Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares
and Shareholders” of this report.


(X) Qualification of accounts

     According to the statistics of the internal data centre of the Company, as at December 31, 2019, there
were 6,073 unqualified capital accounts, 6,199 unqualified securities accounts, 1,078,329 dormant capital
accounts, 1,689,312 dormant securities accounts, 52 capital accounts under freezing order, 1,231 securities
accounts under freezing order, 570 risk disposal capital accounts (including dormant accounts of companies
to be disposed of), 2,761 risk disposal securities accounts (including dormant accounts of companies to be
disposed of) and 69,797 capital accounts under the A share capital accounts and securities accounts of the
Company.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           109
Chapter 5: Major Events



(XI) Investment in compliance and risk control as well as information technology

     In 2019, the Company invested RMB 343 million for compliance and risk control, accounted for 3.79%
of the operating income of the Company (parent company) in 2018, and invested RMB 653 million for
information technology, accounted for 7.21% of the operating income of the parent company in 2018.


(XII) Use of net proceeds from H share issuance

     According to the use of proceeds from the global offering described in the H share prospectus disclosed
on September 27, 2016 and the Proposal on Change of the Use of Some Proceeds from H Shares approved
by the first extraordinary general meeting of China Merchants Securities in 2019, the Company has used the
proceeds from the global offering as follows:
     Approximately 25% for developing the brokerage and wealth management business of the Group. As
of December 31, 2019, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB 2,257 million (as affected by
exchange rate fluctuations, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB 20 million higher than the
committed usage) (As of December 31, 2018: approximately RMB 2,257 million);
      Approximately 25% for expanding the institutional client services and investment and trading business
of the Group. As of December 31, 2019, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB 2,257 million
(as affected by exchange rate fluctuations, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB 20 million
higher than the committed usage) (As of December 31, 2018: approximately RMB 2,257 million);
     Approximately 20.7% for contributing additional capital to CMS International to support its business. As
of December 31, 2019, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB 1,855 million (as affected by
exchange rate fluctuations, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB 2.5 million higher than the
committed usage) (As of December 31, 2018: approximately RMB 1,855 million);
     Approximately 24.3% for contributing capital to the Company’s subsidiaries and associated companies,
as well as establishing new subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2019, the accumulated actual usage was
approximately RMB 2,174 million (As of December 31, 2018: approximately RMB 1,495 million); and
     Approximately 5% for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2019, the
accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB 460 million (as affected by exchange rate fluctuations,
the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB 13 million higher than the committed usage) (As of
December 31, 2018: approximately RMB 460 million).
      As of December 31, 2019, the balance in the special account for the proceeds was HK$15,881,896.27
(As of December 31, 2018: approximately HK$354 million) and RMB 94,823,920.31 (As of December 31,
2018: approximately RMB772 million). Upon translation of HK dollar into Renminbi at the central parity rate
of HK dollar against Renminbi as of December 31, 2019, the sum of the above proceeds in HK dollar and
Renminbi was RMB 109,050,605.34. The actual uses of the proceeds were in line with the commitment
announced by the Company. The balance in the above account is the result of exchange rate changes in actual
foreign exchange settlement in recent years and interests accrued during the deposit period. As of December
31, 2019, the principal of the proceeds from the global offering of the Company has been fully utilized.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

110
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders


I.      Changes in Ordinary Share Capital

(I)     Table of changes in ordinary shares

1.      Table of changes in ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: share

                                          Before this change                         Increase/decrease after this change (+, –)                          After this change
                                                                                                      Shares
                                                      Percentage       New shares                 converted                                                           Percentage
                                          Number              (%)          issued Bonus shares from reserves              Others         Sub-total      Number                (%)
 I. Restricted shares                 815,308,642              12.17          —              —                —     -815,308,642      -815,308,642            —                 —
 1. Shares held
    by the state                                —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
 2. Shares held by
    state-owned legal
    person                            815,308,642              12.17          —              —                —     -815,308,642      -815,308,642            —                 —
 3. Shares held by
    other domestic
    investors                                   —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
 Including: Shares held
            by domestic
            non-state-owned
            legal person                        —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
             Shares held by
             domestic natural
             person                             —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
 4. Shares held by foreign
    investors                                   —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
 Including: Shares held by
            overseas legal person               —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
             Shares held by
             overseas natural
             person                             —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
 II. Unrestricted shares             5,884,100,687             87.83          —              —                —      815,308,642      815,308,642 6,699,409,329           100.00
 1. RMB ordinary shares              4,903,699,507             73.20          —              —                —      815,308,642      815,308,642 5,719,008,149              85.37
 Comprising: special account
             for buy-back                       —                 —           —              —                —       40,020,780       40,020,780     40,020,780              0.60
 2. Domestic listed foreign shares              —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
 3. Overseas listed foreign shares    980,401,180              14.63          —              —                —                   —             —    980,401,180             14.63
 4. Others                                      —                 —           —              —                —                   —             —             —                 —
 III. Total number of ordinary
 shares                              6,699,409,329        100.00              —              —                —                   —             — 6,699,409,329           100.00


                                                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                          111
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



2.    Changes in ordinary shares

   On May 27, 2019, 815,308,642 restricted shares held by CM Finance Investment, a shareholder of the
Company, were listed and traded. For details, please refer to the relevant announcement published by the
Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on May 16, 2019.
     At the 17th meeting of the sixth session of the Board held on March 12, 2019, resolutions such as the
“Resolution in respect of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company by Centralized Auctions” (《關於以集中競
價交易方式回購公司A股股份方案的議案》) have been passed. On May 20, 2019, the above resolutions were
considered and approved at the first extraordinary general meeting for 2019, the first A Shares class general
meeting for 2019 and the first H Shares class general meeting for 2019 of the Company.
      On November 8, 2019, the Company repurchased its A Shares for the first time through the SSE trading
system by way of centralized bidding. On December 26, the Company held the 28th meeting of the sixth
session of the Board, which considered and approved the “Proposal on the Advanced Completion of A Share
Repurchase of the Company”. According to the intention for subscription of the Company’s employee stock
ownership plan, and the mandate granted at the Company’s shareholders meeting and class shareholders
meeting, given that the Company’s repurchase amount has reached the minimum amount for such
repurchase, it was agreed to complete the Company’s A Share repurchase in advance. The total repurchase
amount was RMB 663,895,568.36 (excluding transaction fees). 40,020,780 A Shares, representing 0.5974%
of the Company’s total share capital, were repurchased. The actual implementation of the plan for repurchase
of A Shares is the same as the original plan for such repurchase, and the Company has completed the
repurchase in accordance with the disclosed plan.
     For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange website on March 12, May 20, November 8 and December 26, 2019.


3.    Other content that the Company deems necessary or required by the securities regulatory
      authority for disclosure

     At the 17th meeting of the sixth session of the Board held on March 12, 2019, resolutions such as the
“Resolution in respect of Right Issue for 2019” (《關於公司2019年度配股方案的議案》) have been passed. On
May 20, 2019, the above resolutions were considered and approved at the first extraordinary general meeting
for 2019, the first A Shares class general meeting for 2019 and the first H Shares class general meeting for
2019 of the Company.
      On May 16, 2019, the SASAC issued the “Reply on Issues Concerning Rights Issues of China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd.” (Guo Zi Chan Quan [2019] No. 252) (《關於招商證券股份有限公司配股有關問題的批覆》
(國資產權[2019] 252號)) and agreed in principle to the Company’s overall rights issue plan. On October 31,
the Company received the “Reply on the Approval of the Rights Issue of Overseas Listed Foreign Shares of
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2019] No. 1946) (《關於核准招商證券股份有限公司
境外上市外資股配股的批覆》(證監許可[2019] 1946號)) issued by the CSRC. The CSRC approved the placing
of not more than 294,120,354 overseas listed foreign shares by the Company to overseas listed foreign
shareholders. On November 4, the specific placement ratio and number of the Company’s 2019 rights issue
plan were considered and approved at the 27th meeting of the sixth session of the Board, and accordingly the
relevant content of the Company’s “Preliminary Plan for Public Offering of Rights Issue for 2019” was revised
and updated.
     For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange website on March 12, May 17, May 20, October 31 and November 4, 2019.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

112
                               Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



(II)   Changes in restricted shares

                                                                                                             Unit: share

                                        Number of
                         Number of                    Increase in   Number of
                                         restricted
                          restricted                   restricted    restricted                               Expiry
           Name of                          shares                                     Reason for
                       shares at the                       shares shares at the                               date of
         shareholder                      released                                     restriction
                       beginning of                   during the    end of the                              restriction
                                        during the
                           the year                          year          year
                                               year

                                                                                  No transfer of A Shares
                                                                                  subscribed in the
                                                                                  non-public offering
        CM Finance                                                                is allowed within 60      May
                        815,308,642    815,308,642            —              —
        Investment                                                                months from the date      27, 2019
                                                                                  of completion of the
                                                                                  non-public offering in
                                                                                  May 2014.

        Total           815,308,642    815,308,642            —              —    —                         —




                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   113
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



II.      Issue and Listing of Securities

(I)      Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                                  Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                            Transaction
                                                                           Date of
      Class of shares and their                        Bond                              Offer price (or   Issuance         Date of             amount        Trading      Date of
                                    Trading code                         completion
        derivative securities                       abbreviation                         interest rate)     amount          listing       permitted for        place       closing
                                                                         of issuance
                                                                                                                                                 listing
 Convertible corporate bonds, bonds with warrants and corporate bonds
                                                    19 China
                                                                                                                         March 20,
 Corporate bonds                    155208          Merchants G1        March 8, 2019            3.59%     1.5 billion                        1.5 billion   SSE         March 8, 2022
                                                                                                                         2019
                                                    (19招商G1)
                                                    19 China
                                                                        January 17,                                      January 30,
 Privately issued corporate bonds   151113          Merchants F1                                 3.38%     1.5 billion                        1.5 billion   SSE         July 19, 2019
                                                                        2019                                             2019
                                                    (19招商F1)
                                                    19 China
                                                                        January 17,                                      January 30,                                    October 14,
 Privately issued corporate bonds   151114          Merchants F2                                 3.48%     3.5 billion                        3.5 billion   SSE
                                                                        2019                                             2019                                           2019
                                                    (19招商F2)
                                                    19 China
 Privately issued corporate bonds   151412          Merchants F3        April 10, 2019           3.85%     1.7 billion   April 16, 2019       1.7 billion   SSE         April 10, 2021
                                                    (19招商F3)
                                                    19 China
 Privately issued corporate bonds   151413          Merchants F4        April 10, 2019           4.00%     3.6 billion   April 16, 2019       3.6 billion   SSE         April 10, 2022
                                                    (19招商F4)
                                                    19 China
 Privately issued corporate bonds   151495          Merchants F5        April 25, 2019           4.08%     2.0 billion   May 8, 2019          2.0 billion   SSE         April 25, 2021
                                                    (19招商F5)
                                                    19 China
 Privately issued corporate bonds   151496          Merchants F6        April 25, 2019           4.28%     4.0 billion   May 8, 2019          4.0 billion   SSE         April 25, 2022
                                                    (19招商F6)
                                                    19 China
 Privately issued corporate bonds   151600          Merchants F8        May 29, 2019             3.78%     4.0 billion   June 5, 2019         4.0 billion   SSE         May 29, 2021
                                                    (19招商F8)
                                                    19 China
                                                    Merchants           January 10,                                      January 11,                        Interbank
 Commercial paper                   071900002                                                    2.98%     2.0 billion                        2.0 billion               April 10, 2019
                                                    CP001               2019                                             2019                               market
                                                    (19招商P001)
                                                    19 China
                                                    Merchants                                                                                               Interbank
 Commercial paper                   071900014                           March 6, 2019            2.79%     3.0 billion   March 7, 2019        3.0 billion               June 4, 2019
                                                    CP002 (19招                                                                                              market
                                                    商CP002)
                                                    19 China
                                                    Merchants           March 15,                                        March 18,                          Interbank
 Commercial paper                   071900017                                                    2.87%     2.0 billion                        2.0 billion               June 13, 2019
                                                    CP003 (19招          2019                                             2019                               market
                                                    商CP003)

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

114
                                              Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders




                                                                                                                                 Transaction
                                                                Date of
   Class of shares and their                     Bond                         Offer price (or   Issuance         Date of             amount        Trading      Date of
                               Trading code                   completion
     derivative securities                    abbreviation                    interest rate)     amount          listing       permitted for        place       closing
                                                              of issuance
                                                                                                                                      listing
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants                                                                                          Interbank
Commercial paper               071900027                     April 18, 2019           2.98%     2.0 billion   April 19, 2019       2.0 billion               July 17, 2019
                                              CP004 (19招                                                                                         market
                                              商CP004)
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants                                                                                          Interbank   August 20,
Commercial paper               071900047                     June 11, 2019            3.03%     2.0 billion   June 12, 2019        2.0 billion
                                              CP005 (19招                                                                                         market      2019
                                              商CP005)
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants                                                                                          Interbank   September 19,
Commercial paper               071900053                     June 21, 2019            2.69%     3.0 billion   June 24, 2019        3.0 billion
                                              CP006 (19招                                                                                         market      2019
                                              商CP006)
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants
                                                                                                                                                 Interbank   October 11,
Commercial paper               071900068      CP007BC        July 15, 2019            2.69%     4.0 billion   July 16, 2019        4.0 billion
                                                                                                                                                 market      2019
                                              (19招商
                                              CP007BC)
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants
                                              Securities                                                                                         Interbank   October 18,
Commercial paper               071900072                     July 22, 2019            2.72%     4.0 billion   July 23, 2019        4.0 billion
                                              CP008BC (19                                                                                        market      2019
                                              招商證券
                                              CP008BC)
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants
                                              Securities     August 5,                                        August 6,                          Interbank   November 1,
Commercial paper               071900073                                              2.74%     4.0 billion                        4.0 billion
                                              CP009BC (19    2019                                             2019                               market      2019
                                              招商證券
                                              CP009BC)
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants
                                                             August 14,                                       August 15,                         Interbank   November 12,
Commercial paper               071900078      CP010BC                                 2.80%     4.0 billion                        4.0 billion
                                                             2019                                             2019                               market      2019
                                              (19招商
                                              CP010BC)
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants
                                              Securities     September 6,                                     September 9,                       Interbank   December 5,
Commercial paper               071900094                                              2.85%     4.0 billion                        4.0 billion
                                              CP011BC (19    2019                                             2019                               market      2019
                                              招商證券
                                              CP011BC)
                                              19 China
                                              Merchants
                                                             September 12,                                    September 16,                      Interbank   December 11,
Commercial paper               071900100      CP012BC                                 2.75%     4.0 billion                        4.0 billion
                                                             2019                                             2019                               market      2019
                                              (19招商
                                              CP012BC)

                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                    115
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders




                                                                                                                                Transaction
                                                                 Date of
    Class of shares and their                     Bond                        Offer price (or   Issuance        Date of             amount        Trading      Date of
                                Trading code                   completion
      derivative securities                    abbreviation                   interest rate)     amount         listing       permitted for        place       closing
                                                               of issuance
                                                                                                                                     listing
                                               19 China
                                               Merchants
                                                              September 24,                                   September 25,                     Interbank   November 23,
 Commercial paper               071900107      CP013BC                                2.85%     3.0 billion                       3.0 billion
                                                              2019                                            2019                              market      2019
                                               (19招商
                                               CP013BC)
                                               19 China
                                               Merchants
                                                              October 15,                                     October 16,                       Interbank   January 8,
 Commercial paper               071900115      CP014BC                                2.90%     4.0 billion                       4.0 billion
                                                              2019                                            2019                              market      2020
                                               (19招商
                                               CP014BC)
                                               19 China
                                               Merchants
                                                              October 22,                                     October 23,                       Interbank   January 15,
 Commercial paper               071900128      CP015BC                                3.02%     3.0 billion                       3.0 billion
                                                              2019                                            2019                              market      2020
                                               (19招商
                                               CP015BC)
                                               19 China
                                               Merchants
                                                              November 13,                                    November 14,                      Interbank   February 11,
 Commercial paper               071900144      CP016BC                                3.15%     3.0 billion                       3.0 billion
                                                              2019                                            2019                              market      2020
                                               (19招商
                                               CP016BC)
                                               19 China
                                               Merchants
                                                              November 25,                                    November 26,                      Interbank   February 18,
 Commercial paper               071900155      CP017BC                                3.10%     3.0 billion                       3.0 billion
                                                              2019                                            2019                              market      2020
                                               (19招商
                                               CP017BC)
                                               19 China
                                               Merchants
                                                              December 9,                                     December 10,                      Interbank
 Commercial paper               071900166      CP018BC                                3.09%     4.0 billion                       4.0 billion               March 6, 2020
                                                              2019                                            2019                              market
                                               (19招商
                                               CP018BC)
                                               19 China
                                               Merchants
                                                              December 16,                                    December 17,                      Interbank   March 13,
 Commercial paper               071900175      CP019BC                                3.05%     3.0 billion                       3.0 billion
                                                              2019                                            2019                              market      2020
                                               (19招商
                                               CP019BC)
                                               19 China
                                               Merchants
                                               Securities
                                                              October 11,                                     October 12,                       Interbank   October 11,
 Financial bonds                091900024      Financial                              3.45%     5.0 billion                       5.0 billion
                                                              2019                                            2019                              market      2022
                                               Bonds 01BC
                                               (19招商證券
                                               金融債01BC)

     Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period (bonds with different interest rates within the effective
period shall be separately specified):

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

116
                             Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



1.   Public issuance of corporate bonds to qualified investors

     In April 2018, the Company received the Approval on the Public Offering of Corporate Bonds by China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 612) (《關於核准招商證
券股份有限公司向合格投資者公開發行公司債券的批覆》(證監許可[2018] 612號)) from the CSRC, pursuant
to which the CSRC approved the Company’s public offering of corporate bonds with total face value of no
more than RMB 11.8 billion to qualified investors. During 2019, the Company publicly offered one tranche of
corporate bonds to qualified investors based on this approval.


2.   Private issue of corporate bonds

     In February 2018, the Company received the No Objection Letter for the Offer for Sale of Corporate
Bonds Privately Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2018] No. 160) (《關於對招
商證券股份有限公司非公開發行公司債券掛牌轉讓無異議的函》(上證函[2018] 160號)) from the SSE, pursuant
to which the SSE has no objection to the offer for sale of corporate bonds privately issued by the Company
to qualified investors in the amount of no more than RMB 40 billion on the SSE. During 2019, the Company
issued one tranche of privately-offered corporate bonds based on this letter.
      In March 2019, the Company received the No Objection Letter for the Offer for Sale of Corporate Bonds
Privately Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2019] No. 523) (《關於對招商證
券股份有限公司非公開發行公司債券掛牌轉讓無異議的函》(上證函[2019] 523號)) from the SSE, pursuant to
which the SSE has no objection to the offer for sale of corporate bonds privately issued by the Company to
qualified investors in the amount of no more than RMB 45 billion on the SSE. During 2019, the Company
issued three tranches of privately-offered corporate bonds based on this letter.


3.   Commercial papers

     In May 2018, the Company received the Notice of the PBOC on Approval of the Maximum Outstanding
Balance of Commercial Papers of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《中國人民銀行關於核定招商證券股份
有限公司短期融資券最高待償還餘額的通知》). In June 2019, the Company received the Notice of the Financial
Market Department of the PBOC on the Maximum Outstanding Balance of Commercial Papers of China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Yin Shi Chang [2019] No. 129) (《中國人民銀行金融市場司關於招商證券股份
有限公司短期融資券最高待償還餘額有關事項的通知》(銀市場[2019] 129號)), pursuant to which the maximum
outstanding balance of commercial papers of the Company amounted to RMB 31.6 billion. During 2019, the
Company issued 19 tranches of commercial papers.




                                                                                         2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                      117
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



4.     Financial bonds

      In June 2019, the Company received the Decision on Administrative Approval of the People’s Bank of
China (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2019] No. 101) (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可决定書》                  （銀市場許准予字
[2019]第101號）) from the People’s Bank of China, pursuant to which the People’s Bank of China approved
the issuance of financial bonds in the amount of no more than RMB 5 billion by the Company. During 2019,
the Company issued one tranche of financial bonds based on this approval.


(II)   Total number of ordinary shares and changes in the shareholdings of the Company and
       changes in assets and liabilities structure of the Company

       During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the total number of the Company’s ordinary shares.
      For details of the changes in the assets and liabilities structure of the Company, please refer to “Assets
and liabilities analysis” under “Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors” of this report.


III. Shareholders and De Facto Controller

(I)    Total number of shareholders


        Number of holders of the ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period                102,861
        Number of holders of the ordinary shares as of the end of the month preceding
        the disclosure of the annual report                                                           100,437




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

118
                                         Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



(II)   Shareholdings of the top ten shareholders and the top ten shareholders of tradable shares (or
       holders of unrestricted shares) as of the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                         Unit: share

                                                                      Top ten shareholders
                                                         Number of                                            Pledged or locked-up
                                     Changes during     shares held                               Number
                                      the Reporting   at the end of       Percentage         of restricted                                 Nature of
       Name of shareholder (in full)         Period      the period              (%)          shares held    Status         Number       shareholders
        China Merchants Finance
        Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      State-owned
        (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)                          —    1,575,308,090            23.51                   —              Nil            —     legal person
        Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
        Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市                                                                                                         State-owned
        集盛投資發展有限公司)                              —    1,310,719,131            19.56                   —              Nil            —     legal person
                                                                                                                                          Overseas legal
        HKSCC Nominees Limited                6,760    980,045,320             14.63                   —              Nil            —           person
        China Ocean Shipping
        Company Limited (中國遠洋運                                                                                                             State-owned
        輸有限公司)                                   —     418,948,014              6.25                   —              Nil            —     legal person
        Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. (河                                                                                                      State-owned
        北港口集團有限公司)                               —     264,063,640              3.94                   —              Nil            —     legal person
        China Communications
        Construction Company Ltd. (中                                                                                                       State-owned
        國交通建設股份有限公司)                             —     209,399,508              3.13                   —              Nil            —     legal person
        China Securities Finance
        Corporation Limited (中國證券
        金融股份有限公司)                                —     200,313,024              2.99                   —              Nil            —        Unknown
        Hong Kong Securities Clearing                                                                                                     Overseas legal
        Company Limited                 62,379,709     107,575,327              1.61                   —              Nil            —           person
        COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou)
        Co., Ltd. (中遠海運（廣州）有限                                                                                                              State-owned
        公司)                                      —      83,999,922              1.25                   —              Nil            —     legal person
        Central Huijin Asset
        Management Ltd. (中央匯金資                                                                                                             State-owned
        產管理有限責任公司)                               —      77,251,600              1.15                   —              Nil            —     legal person




                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                 119
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders




                                       Top ten holders of unrestricted shares

                                                                Number            Class and number of shares
                                                            of tradable
                                                           unrestricted
                 Name of shareholder                        shares held                      Class               Number

       China Merchants Finance Investment
       Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市招融投資控股有                                              RMB ordinary
       限公司)                                              1,575,308,090                   shares          1,575,308,090

       Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development                                     RMB ordinary
       Co., Ltd. (深圳市集盛投資發展有限公司)                         1,310,719,131                   shares          1,310,719,131

                                                                                 Overseas listed
       HKSCC Nominees Limited                              980,045,320           foreign shares             980,045,320

       China Ocean Shipping Company Limited                                        RMB ordinary
       (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)                                        418,948,014                   shares             418,948,014

       Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd. (河北港口集團                                          RMB ordinary
       有限公司)                                               264,063,640                   shares             264,063,640

       China Communications Construction
       Company Ltd. (中國交通建設股份有限公                                                   RMB ordinary
       司)                                                  209,399,508                   shares             209,399,508

       China Securities Finance Corporation                                        RMB ordinary
       Limited (中國證券金融股份有限公司)                              200,313,024                   shares             200,313,024

       Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company                                       RMB ordinary
       Limited                                             107,575,327                   shares             107,575,327

       COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                        RMB ordinary
       (中遠海運（廣州）有限公司)                                        83,999,922                  shares              83,999,922

       Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd. (中                                     RMB ordinary
       央匯金資產管理有限責任公司)                                        77,251,600                  shares              77,251,600

                                                      Among the above top ten shareholders,
                                                      1. CM Finance Investment and Jisheng Investment are
       Statement on the related relationships or         all subsidiaries of China Merchants Group, the de
       concerted actions among the aforesaid             facto controller of the Company;
       shareholders                                   2. C h i n a O c e a n S h i p p i n g a n d C O S C O S h i p p i n g
                                                         (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. are all subsidiaries of China
                                                         COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.

      Note: 1.   HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominee holder for the shares held by the non-registered H
                 Shareholders of the Company;
           2.    Given the fact that the shares of the Company are margin financing and securities lending targeted
                 securities, the number of shares held by the shareholders will be calculated based on the aggregate
                 number of shares and equities held in their ordinary securities accounts and credit securities
                 accounts.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

120
                                            Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



(III) Interests and short positions of the substantial shareholders and other persons in the shares
      and underlying shares

     As at December 31, 2019, to the best knowledge of the Directors having made reasonable enquiries, the
following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company) had interests or
short positions in the shares or underlying shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                                                      Long
                                                                                                                                                   positions6/
                                                                                                                                Percentage of         short
                                                                                                             Percentage of    total number of      positions7/
                                                                                                           total number of   issued A Shares/        shares
                 Name of de facto controller and      Class of                        Number of shares    issued shares of     H Shares of the    available for
          No.       substantial shareholders          Shares     Nature of interest       held (share)   the Company (%)         Company (%)        lending
      1         China Merchants Group                 A Shares   Interest held           2,886,027,221              43.08               50.46    Long position
                                                                 by controlled
                                                                 corporations1
                                                      H Shares   Interest held              67,706,400               1.01                6.91    Long position
                                                                 by controlled
                                                                 corporations2
      2         China Merchants Finance Investment    A Shares   Beneficial owner        2,886,027,221              43.08               50.46    Long position
                Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市招融投資控                     and interest
                股有限公司)                                           of corporation
                                                                 controlled by
                                                                 substantial
                                                                 shareholders3
      3         Shenzhen Jisheng Investment           A Shares   Beneficial owner        1,310,719,131              19.56               22.92    Long position
                Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市集盛
                投資發展有限公司)
      4         China COSCO Shipping Corporation      A Shares   Interest held             509,426,550               7.60                8.91    Long position
                Limited (中國遠洋海運集團有限公司)                           by controlled
                                                                 corporations4
                                                      H Shares   Interest held             159,844,400               2.39               16.30    Long position
                                                                 by controlled
                                                                 corporations5
      5         China Ocean Shipping Company          A Shares   Beneficial owner          418,948,014               6.25                7.33    Long position
                Limited (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)
      6         PICC Life Insurance Company Limited   H Shares   Beneficial owner          333,300,000               4.98               34.00    Long position
                (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司)
      7         COSCO SHIPPING Financial Holdings     H Shares   Beneficial owner          159,844,400               2.39               16.30    Long position
                Co., Limited
      8         Best Winner Investment Limited        H Shares   Beneficial owner           67,706,400               1.01                6.91    Long position


                                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                           121
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



      1.   China Merchants Group holds 100% of the equity interest in CM Finance Investment and Jisheng
           Investment, and is deemed to be interested in the same number of A Shares which CM Finance
           Investment (23.51%) and Jisheng Investment (19.56%) are interested in under the SFO.
      2.   China Merchants Group holds 100% of the equity interest in Best Winner Investment Limited, and is
           deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares which Best Winner Investment Limited (1.01%)
           is interested in under the SFO.
      3.   China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. directly holds 23.51% of the shares of the
           Company. China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. holds 100% of the equity interest in
           Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd., and is deemed to be interested in the same number
           of A Shares which Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. (19.56%) is interested in under
           the SFO. Thus, China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. holds, directly and indirectly, an
           aggregate of 43.08% of the equity interest in the Company.
      4.   China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited holds 100% of the equity interest in China Ocean Shipping
           Company Limited (中國遠洋運輸有限公司) and China Shipping (Group) Company (中國海運（集團）總
           公司), and is therefore deemed to be interested in the same number of A Shares which China Ocean
           Shipping Company Limited (6.25%), COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運（廣州）有限公
           司) (1.25%), a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping (Group) Company, Guangzhou Sanding Oil
           Products Transport Co., Ltd. (廣州市三鼎油品運輸有限公司) (0.01%), and COSCO SHIPPING Financial
           Holdings Co., Limited (0.09%), a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping (Group) Company, are
           interested in under the SFO.
      5.   China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited is deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares
           which COSCO SHIPPING Financial Holdings Co., Limited (2.39%), a wholly owned subsidiary of China
           Shipping (Group) Company (中國海運（集團）總公司), is interested in under the SFO.
      6.   A shareholder has a “long position” if it has an interest in shares, including interests through holding,
           selling or issuing financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder has the
           following obligations and liabilities: (i) it has a right to buy the underlying shares; (ii) it is under an
           obligation to buy the underlying shares; (iii) it has a right to receive money if the price of the underlying
           shares increases; or (iv) it has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares
           increases; and
      7.   A shareholder has a “short position” if it borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending
           agreement, or if it holds, sells or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such
           shareholder has the following obligations and liabilities: (i) it has a right to require another person to buy
           the underlying shares; (ii) it is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (iii) it has a right to
           receive money if the price of the underlying shares decreases; or (iv) it has a right to avoid or reduce a
           loss if the price of the underlying shares decreases.
      Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2019, the Company was not aware of any other person
(other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) who had interests or short
positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

122
                               Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



IV. Details of Controlling Shareholders and De Facto Controller

(I)   Details of controlling shareholder

1.    About China Merchants Group Limited


       Name                                China Merchants Group Limited
       Person in charge or legal
                                           LI Jianhong (李建紅)
       representative

       Date of incorporation               October 14, 1986

                                           Sea and land transportation and agency of goods, leasing and
                                           agency of sea and land transportation tools and equipment,
                                           investment in and management of port and warehouse
                                           businesses; sea rescue, salvage, towing; manufacturing;
                                           building, repair, inspection and sale of vessels and offshore
                                           oil drilling equipment; repair and inspection of oil rigs and
                                           containers; contracting and construction of and back office
                                           services for sea and land construction projects and offshore
                                           oil exploitation projects; procurement, supply and sale of sea
                                           and land transportation equipment and relevant supplies;
                                           import and export transportation businesses; investment in
       Principal business                  and management of businesses in the financial, insurance,
                                           trust, securities and futures industries; investment in and
                                           management of businesses in the tourism, hotel, catering
                                           and relevant services industries; real estate development and
                                           property management and consultancy business; investment
                                           in and management of petrochemical business; investment
                                           in and operation of transportation infrastructure; operation
                                           of offshore assets; development, operation and management
                                           of Shekou Industrial Zone in Shenzhen and Zhangzhou
                                           Development Zone in Fujian (operations that require prior
                                           approvals according to laws can only be conducted after
                                           obtaining approvals from the relevant authorities)




                                                                                        2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                     123
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders




                                           Holding 81.92% interests in China Merchants Port Group
                                           Company Limited (招商局港口集團股份有限公司), 78.29%
                                           interests in Yingkou Port Liability Co., Ltd., 75.01% interests
                                           in Dalian Port (PDA) Company Limited, 74.35% interests in
                                           China Merchants Land Limited, 68.72% interests in China
                                           Merchants Expressway Network & Technology Holdings
                                           Co., Ltd., 64.54% interests in China Merchants Shekou
                                           Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd., 62.77% interests in China
                                           Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited, 56.34% interests
                                           in Sinotrans Limited, 54.28% interests in China Merchants
                                           Energy Shipping Co., Ltd., 51.16% interests in China
                                           Merchants Property Operation & Service Co., Ltd., 29.97%
                                           interests in China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., 29.94% interests
                                           in Anhui Expressway Company Limited, 27.59% interests in
                                           China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited, 27.02%
                                           interests in Nanjing Tanker Corporation, 26.77% interests
                                           in Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd., 24.56%
                                           interests in China International Marine Containers (Group)
                                           Co., Ltd., 24.88% interests in Sichuan Expressway Company
       Control and shareholdings in
                                           Limited, 19.08% interests in Jinzhou Port Co., Ltd., 17.75%
       other domestic or overseas listed
                                           interests in Fujian Expressway Development Co., Ltd. (福建發
       companies during the Reporting
                                           展高速公路股份有限公司), 16.52% interests in Heilongjiang
       Period
                                           Transport Development Co., Ltd., 16.02% interests in
                                           Shangdong Hi-Speed Company Limited, 15.53% interests
                                           in Hubei Chutian Smart Communication Co., Ltd., 15.43%
                                           interests in Henan Zhongyuan Expressway Co., Ltd., 14.05%
                                           interests in Jilin Expressway Co., Ltd., 13.86% interests
                                           in Guangxi Wuzhou Communications Co., Ltd., 12.36%
                                           interests in China Greatwall Securities Co., Ltd., 11.69%
                                           interests in Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited, 7.04%
                                           interests in Modern Investment Co., Ltd. ( 現 代 投 資 股 份 有
                                           限 公 司 ), 6.03% interests in S.F. Holding Co., Ltd., 4.02%
                                           interests in Shenzhen Expressway Company Limited, 3.09%
                                           interests in Ningbo Zhoushan Port Co., Ltd. (寧波舟山港股
                                           份有限公司), 2.54% interests in Qingdao Port International
                                           Co., Ltd., 1.28% interests in Chang Jiang Shipping Group
                                           Phoenix Co., Ltd., 1.20% interests in Oriental Times Media
                                           Corporation, 0.53% interests in China Shipbuilding Industry
                                           Company Limited, 0.37% interests in Hunan Sunward
                                           Intelligent Machinery Co., Ltd., and 0.16% interests in CMMB
                                           Vision Holdings Limited.

       Others                              Nil




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

124
                                      Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



2.   Diagram of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and its
     controlling shareholder

                                                  State-owned Assets Supervision and
                                              Administration Commission of the State Council

                                                               100%

                                                      China Merchants Group Limited

                                                               100%

                                                         China Merchants Steam
                                                           Navigation Co., Ltd.

                                                               100%
                                                         China Merchants Finance
                                                           Investment Holdings
                                                                 Co., Ltd.
            100%                                                                         51%                     49%
        China Merchants Holdings                                                         Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
      (Hong Kong) Company Limited                                                        and Development Company Ltd.

            100%                                                      50%                50%
      China Merchants International                                   Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment
       Finance Company Limited                                        and Development Company Ltd.
            100%                                                                                                 50%
                                                                                         50%
              Best Winner                                                                 Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
           Investment Limited                                                                Development Co., Ltd.


                                                     23.51%
                             1.01%                                                    19.56%
                                          China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.


      The controlling shareholder of the Company is China Merchants Group. China Merchants Group
indirectly holds a total of 44.09% shares of the Company through its subsidiaries, namely China Merchants
Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. and Best Winner
Investment Ltd..




                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         125
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



V. Other Corporate Shareholders Interested in 10% or more of the Shares of
   the Company

                                                                                                                         Unit: 10,000              Currency: RMB

                                        Person in
           Name of corporate                               General            Date of          Unified social credit      Registered            Principal business or
                                     charge or legal
             shareholder                                   manager         incorporation            identifier               capital                  operation
                                     representative

                                                                                                                                         Investment (projects are
                                                                                                                                         separately reported); domestic
                                                                                                                                         business, commodity supply
       Shenzhen Jisheng Investment                      HU Xiaodong        December 11,                                                  and sales (excluding licensed,
                                     XU Xin (徐鑫)                                              91440300734146375H              60,000
       Development Co., Ltd.                            (胡曉東)              2001                                                          exclusive or franchised
                                                                                                                                         commoditie s); e conomic
                                                                                                                                         information consultancy
                                                                                                                                         (excluding restricted items).

       Statement                     Jisheng Investment is a subsidiary of China Merchants Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

126
      Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


I.          Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations

(I)         Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors,
            Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period.

                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: share

                                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                                                                                  remuneration
                                                                                                No. of shares   No. of shares      Changes                             from the
                                                                  Term                                                                                                             Remuneration
                                                                              Term expiration     held at the     held at the       (+/-) in      Reason for          Company
      Name               Position (Notes)      Gender   Age   commencement                                                                                                          from related
                                                                                   date         beginning of             end     shareholdings     changes           during the
                                                                  date                                                                                                                 parties
                                                                                                    the Year     of the Year    during the Year                Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                    (before tax)
                                                                                                                                                                   (RMB 10,000)

 HUO Da            Chairman of the Board
                                                Male    51      May 2017         May 2020                 —               —                —               —             515.55    No
 (霍達)              Executive Director

 SU Min
                   Non-executive Director      Female   51      June 2016        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (蘇敏)

 SU Jian
                   Non-executive Director       Male    47      June 2017        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (粟健)

 XIONG Xianliang
                   Non-executive Director       Male    52    December 2014      May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (熊賢良)

                   Executive Director                           May 2017        May 2020
 XIONG Jiantao
                   President                    Male    51    December 2018   November 2021               —               —                —               —             514.79    No
 (熊劍濤)
                   Chief Information Officer                    July 2019     November 2021

 PENG Lei
                   Non-executive Director      Female   47     August 2007       May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (彭磊)

 GAO Hong
                   Non-executive Director       Male    51     March 2020        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (高宏)

 HUANG Jian
                   Non-executive Director       Male    50     August 2012       May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (黃堅)

 WANG Daxiong                                                   September
                   Non-executive Director       Male    59                       May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (王大雄)                                                            2016

 WANG Wen
                   Non-executive Director       Male    50      July 2019        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (王文)

 XIANG Hua         Independent Non-executive
                                                Male    48      July 2017        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 20    Yes
 (向華)              Director

 XIAO Houfa        Independent Non-executive
                                                Male    52      July 2017        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 20    Yes
 (肖厚發)             Director




                                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                         127
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                                                                                   remuneration
                                                                                                 No. of shares   No. of shares      Changes                             from the
                                                                   Term                                                                                                             Remuneration
                                                                               Term expiration     held at the     held at the       (+/-) in      Reason for          Company
       Name             Position (Notes)        Gender   Age   commencement                                                                                                          from related
                                                                                    date         beginning of             end     shareholdings     changes           during the
                                                                   date                                                                                                                 parties
                                                                                                     the Year     of the Year    during the Year                Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                     (before tax)
                                                                                                                                                                    (RMB 10,000)

 XIONG Wei        Independent Non-executive
                                                 Male    44     August 2017       May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 20    No
 (熊偉)             Director

 HU Honggao       Independent Non-executive
                                                 Male    65      July 2017        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 20    No
 (胡鴻高)            Director

 WONG Ti          Independent Non-executive
                                                 Male    61     January 2018      May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 20    No
 (汪棣)             Director (Note 1)

 ZHOU Linda Lei   Chairman of the Supervisory
                                                Female   51      July 2014        May 2020                 —               —                —               —             415.79    No
 (周語菡)            Committee

 LI Xiaofei       Shareholder Representative
                                                 Male    49      July 2014        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (李曉霏)            Supervisor

 WANG Zhangwei    Shareholder Representative
                                                 Male    47      June 2017        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (王章為)            Supervisor

 MA Yunchun       Shareholder Representative
                                                 Male    51      June 2017        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (馬蘊春)            Supervisor

 FANG Xiaobing    Shareholder Representative
                                                 Male    49      July 2011        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     No
 (房小兵)            Supervisor

 ZHANG Zehong     Shareholder Representative
                                                 Male    47      July 2011        May 2020                 —               —                —               —                 —     Yes
 (張澤宏)            Supervisor

 YI Hongyan       Employee Representative
                                                Female   48     August 2007       May 2020                 —               —                —               —             173.84    No
 (尹虹艷)            Supervisor

 HE Min           Employee Representative
                                                Female   44      July 2009        May 2020                 —               —                —               —             130.08    No
 (何敏)             Supervisor

 XIONG Zhigang    Employee Representative
                                                 Male    42      May 2017         May 2020                 —               —                —               —             158.17    No
 (熊志鋼)            Supervisor

 DENG Xiaoli
                  Vice President                Female   52    November 2005   November 2021               —               —                —               —             375.52    No
 (鄧曉力)

 LI Zongjun
                  Vice President                 Male    54      July 2015     November 2021               —               —                —               —             375.20    No
 (李宗軍)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

128
                         Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                 remuneration
                                                                                                           No. of shares   No. of shares      Changes                                 from the
                                                                         Term                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                                                                                         Term expiration     held at the     held at the       (+/-) in          Reason for          Company
         Name              Position (Notes)     Gender         Age   commencement                                                                                                                  from related
                                                                                              date         beginning of             end     shareholdings         changes           during the
                                                                         date                                                                                                                         parties
                                                                                                               the Year     of the Year    during the Year                    Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                   (before tax)
                                                                                                                                                                                  (RMB 10,000)

 WU Huifeng          Secretary to the Board                          December 2014         May 2020
                                                    Male       45                                                    —               —                —                   —             375.28    No
 (吳慧峰)               Vice President                                  November 2018       November 2021

 ZHAO Bin
                     Vice President                 Male       50    November 2018       November 2021               —               —                —                   —             375.45    No
 (趙斌)

 HU Yu               Chief Risk Officer                              December 2018       November 2021
                                                    Male       55                                                    —               —                —                   —             321.35    No
 (胡宇)                Chief Compliance Officer                        December 2018       November 2021

 WU Guangyan
                     Vice President                 Male       50        February 2019   November 2021               —               —                —                   —             344.61    No
 (吳光焰)

 XIE Jijun
                     Vice President                 Male       46         March 2019     November 2021               —               —                —                   —             325.69    No
 (謝繼軍)

 CHEN Zhigang        Non-executive Director
                                                    Male       47         June 2017          May 2019                —               —                —                   —                 —     Yes
 (陳志剛)               (Resigned)

 Total               /                          /          /         /                   /                                                                   /                        4,501.32    /


Notes: 1.            In June 2019, our Board of Directors received a written resignation report from an independent director,
                     Mr. WONG Ti. Due to his other work arrangements, Mr. WONG Ti applied to resign from his positions
                     as an independent non-executive director of the sixth session of the Board and a member of each of
                     the Audit Committee and the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board. According to the
                     relevant regulations, including among others, the Guidelines for Introducing Independent Directors to
                     the Board of Directors of Listed Companies（《關於在上市公司建立獨立董事制度的指導意見》）and the
                     Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., Mr. WONG will continue to perform his
                     duties until a new independent non-executive director is appointed by the Company.
                2.   No share incentive scheme was implemented during the Reporting Period.
                3.   Payment of 40% of the annual performance-based bonus payable to the Directors, chairman of the
                     Supervisory Committee and senior management who worked full time for the Company shall be deferred
                     for a term of 3 years. The deferred payment of remuneration shall be divided equally.
                4.   The total remuneration before tax of Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee and senior
                     management who worked full time for the Company has not been confirmed yet. Further information
                     will be disclosed upon confirmation.
                5.   The Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee and senior management who worked full time for
                     the Company did not receive any non-cash remuneration.




                                                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                        129
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                        Major working experience

                       Mr. HUO has served as our Chairman of the Board and a director of CMS International
                       since May 2017 and January 2019, respectively. Mr. HUO has extensive experience
                       in various fields including economic and financial research, development and
                       management of multi-layer capital market as well as monitoring and analysis of capital
                       market statistics. Specifically, he was a part-time member of the 17th Public Offering
                       Review Committee of the CSRC from September 2017 to January 2019. Mr. HUO was
                       director of the Market Supervision Department of the CSRC from March 2015 to April
                       2017, and successively served as the director of the Research Center of the CSRC, head
                       of Beijing Institute of Securities and Futures and head of China Institute of Finance
                       and Capital Markets concurrently. Mr. HUO acted as director of the Corporate Bonds
                       Supervision Department of the CSRC from February 2014 to March 2015; deputy
 HUO Da (霍達)           director of the Market Supervision Department of the CSRC from December 2010 to
                       February 2014; deputy inspector of the Market Supervision Department of the CSRC
                       from November 2009 to December 2010; and member of the Party committee and
                       assistant to the head of the Shenzhen office of the CSRC from December 2007 to
                       November 2009; Mr. HUO worked at the CSRC from April 1997 to December 2007 as
                       principal staff member, deputy division head and division head in succession.

                       Mr. HUO obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Huazhong University of
                       Science and Technology, a master’s degree in economics from Huazhong University of
                       Science and Technology and a doctoral degree in economics from Chinese Academy
                       of Fiscal Sciences (formerly known as the Research Institute for Fiscal Science of the
                       Ministry of Finance) in July 1989, April 1994 and January 2008, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

130
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                  Major working experience

              Ms. SU has served as our non-executive Director since June 2016. Ms. SU has
              experience in managing finance-related and listed companies as well as financial
              management. Specifically, she has been a standing vice chairman of the Execution
              Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit since June 2018;
              general manager of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. since
              December 2017; director of China Merchants Finance Holdings since December
              2015; director of Bosera Fund from September 2018; non-executive director of
              China Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong
              Kong Stock Exchange, stock code 3968) since September 2014; general manager
              of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from September 2015 to February
              2019; supervisor of China Merchants Capital Co., Ltd. from January 2016 to August
              2018; director of China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. from
              November 2015 to August 2018; chairman of the board of China Shipping Leasing Co.,
              Ltd from August 2013 to August 2015; non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING
              Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong
SU Min (蘇敏)   Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2866) from June 2013 to December 2015; executive
              director of COSCO SHIPPING Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock
              code: 600026; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1138) from May
              2013 to August 2015; chairman of the board of China Shipping Finance Co., Ltd. from
              May 2011 to July 2015; chief accountant of China Shipping (Group) Company from
              March 2011 to August 2015; director of Huishang Bank Corporation Limited (listed on
              the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 3698) from December 2009 to May 2011;
              director of Anhui Province Wenergy Company Limited (listed on the SZSE, stock code:
              000543) from April 2008 to September 2011; and chief accountant and deputy general
              manager of Anhui Province Energy Group Co., Ltd. from May 2007 to April 2011 and
              from November 2010 to April 2011, respectively.

              Ms. SU obtained a bachelor’s degree in finance from Shanghai University of Finance
              and Economics in July 1990, and a master’s degree in business administration from the
              University of Science and Technology of China in December 2002. She was granted
              the qualifications of Certified Public Accountant, Certified Public Valuer and senior
              accountant in June 1998, June 1999 and June 2008, respectively.




                                                                                  2019 Annual Report

                                                                                               131
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                        Major working experience
                       Mr. SU has served as our non-executive Director since June 2017. Mr. SU has
                       experience in financial affairs and relevant management. Specifically, he has been head
                       of the finance department (property rights department) of China Merchants Group
                       since July 2017; non-executive director of Sinotrans Limited (listed on the SSE, stock
                       code: 601598; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0598) since June
                       2019; director of China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code:
                       001872) since December 2018; director of China Merchants Expressway Network &
                       Technology Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001965) since January
                       2018; executive director of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (listed
                       on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0144) since October 2017; director
                       of China Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601872)
                       from August 2017 to January 2019. He served as deputy head (as the person in charge
                       at the grade of head) of the finance department (property rights department) of China
 SU Jian (粟健)          Merchants Group from January 2017 to July 2017. Mr. SU served as deputy general
                       manager of China Merchants Industry Holdings Co., Ltd. from May 2016 to January
                       2017; deputy head of the human resources department of China Merchants Group
                       Limited from February 2014 to May 2016; senior manager, assistant to the head and
                       then deputy head of the finance department of China Merchants Group Limited from
                       September 2009 to February 2014; senior manager of the finance department of China
                       Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Company Limited from August 2008 to August
                       2009; head and senior manager of the finance department of China Merchants Group
                       from August 2002 to August 2008; and clerk, head and then financial manager of
                       China Merchants International Travel Service Co. Ltd. from July 1993 to August 2002.
                       Mr. SU obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai University of
                       Finance and Economics in 1993. Mr. SU obtained the qualifications as a non-practising
                       member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an Intermediate
                       Accountant in 2000 and 2002, respectively.
                       Mr. XIONG has served as our non-executive Director since December 2014. Mr. XIONG
                       has experience in strategic management and research. Specifically, he has been director
                       of the research and development center of China Merchants Group and dean of China
                       Merchants Technology and Innovation Research and Development Institute (招商局科
                       技創新發展研究院) since August 2018; head of the strategic development department
                       of China Merchants Group since March 2015. Mr. XIONG was head of the security and
                       supervision department of China Merchants Group from February 2017 to October
                       2018; head of information management department and research department from
                       March 2015 to September 2017; non-executive director of Sinotrans Limited (listed on
                       the SSE, stock code: 601598; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:
                       0598) since June 2019; executive director of China Merchants Port Holdings Company
                       Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0144) since June 2018;
 XIONG Xianliang       general manager (head) of the strategic research department of China Merchants
 (熊賢良)                 Group from October 2011 to February 2015; and non-executive director of China
                       Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                       Exchange, stock code: 3968) from July 2012 to June 2014. Mr. XIONG worked at the
                       Research Office of the State Council from December 2004 to October 2011; at the
                       general group of the steering committee office of the Western Region Development of
                       the State Council (國務院西部開發領導小組辦公室綜合組) from July 2003 to December
                       2003; at the Chongqing Development and Planning Commission from December 2000
                       to December 2004; and at the Development Research Center of the State Council from
                       March 1994 to December 2000.
                       Mr. XIONG obtained a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in global economics
                       from Nankai University in June 1991 and December 1993, respectively. Mr. XIONG
                       was granted the title of Researcher by the Development Research Center of the State
                       Council in September 2000.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

132
         Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                    Major working experience
                Mr. XIONG has served as our executive Director since May 2017 and our President since
                December 2018; and served as our Chief Information Officer since July 2019, and as
                the director of CMS International since September 2015. Mr. XIONG has experience
                in operation of securities companies and IT-based management. Specifically, he was
                our Chief Operating Officer from May 2017 to December 2018; our Vice President
                from December 2005 to December 2018; chairman of the board of directors of CMS
                Asset Management from March 2015 to March 2019; chairman of the board of
                directors of China Merchants Futures from March 2008 to March 2019. Mr. XIONG was
                director of Bosera Funds from November 2014 to November 2017; and successively
                acted as manager of our computer department, general manager of our computer
                center, general manager of our IT center and our technical director from June 1995 to
XIONG Jiantao   December 2005 (during such period he had been temporarily seconded by the CSRC
(熊劍濤)           to be a member of the administrative take-over group of China Southern Securities).
                Mr. XIONG was deputy manager of the information center in China Merchants Bank
                (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock
                code: 3968) from April 1993 to June 1995; and staff member of Shenzhen Shanxing
                Electronics Co., Ltd. (深圳山星電子有限公司) from May 1992 to April 1993.
                Mr. XIONG obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering majoring in
                telecommunications engineering from Nanjing University of Posts and
                Telecommunications (formerly Nanjing Institute of Posts and Telecommunications), a
                master’s degree in engineering majoring in automatic instrumentation and installation
                from Huazhong University of Science and Technology and a degree for executive
                master of business management (“EMBA”) from Fudan University in July 1989, June
                1992 and June 2014, respectively.
                Ms. PENG has served as our non-executive Director since August 2007. Ms. PENG
                has relevant management and working experience via serving at management
                and administrative positions of various securities and finance-related companies.
                Specifically, she has been director of China Merchants Ping An Asset Management
                Co. since December 2018; director of China Merchants Commerce Leasing Co.,
                Ltd. (招商局通商融資租賃有限公司) since August 2018; a standing member of the
                Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit since
                June 2018; director of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE,
                stock code: 002939) since June 2011; deputy general manager of China Merchants
                Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from April 2016 to February 2019; director of Morgan
                Stanley Huaxin Fund Management Co., Ltd. from March 2015 to August 2019.
PENG Lei (彭磊)   She was director of Bosera Funds from November 2017 to September 2018. Ms.
                PENG successively served as deputy general manager of the general management
                department, general manager of the audit department, general manager of the China
                business department, general manager of the securities department and assistant to
                the general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from October
                2003 to April 2016. Ms. PENG was executive director of Union Asset Management
                Company from May 2002 to October 2003.
                Ms. PENG obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in business
                management from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics and a master’s
                degree in economics majoring in finance from Peking University in July 1994 and July
                2010, respectively.

                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                 133
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                        Major working experience

                       Mr. GAO has served as our non-executive Director since March 2020. He has relevant
                       working experience in financial, insurance and technology enterprises. Specifically,
                       Mr. GAO has served as the standing member of the Executive Committee of China
                       Merchants Financial Business Unit* (招商局金融事業群╱平台) since February 2019,
                       the general manager of China Merchants Financial Technology Co., Ltd.* (招商局金融
                       科技有限公司) since November 2017, and the vice general manager (chief technology
                       officer) of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited since February 2017. He
                       served as the chief technology officer of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.*
                       (招商局金融集團有限公司) from February 2017 to February 2019. He successively
                       served as the general manager of the information technology centre, an assistant
                       to general manager, and the general manager of innovation and development
                       department of Funde Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd.* (富德生命人壽股份有限公司)
                       from June 2010 to January 2017 and served as the assistant to general manager
                       of Funde Insurance Holding Co., Ltd.* (富德保險控股股份有限公司) from July 2015
 GAO Hong              to January 2017; he successively acted as vice general manager (in charge of work)
 (高宏)                  of the information management department and the assistant to general manager
                       of the group shared service centre of China Insurance (Holdings) Company Limited
                       from March 2005 to June 2010; he served as the general manager of the computer
                       department in the headquarter of Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd. from August 2001 to
                       March 2005; and he successively served as an engineer and the business officer of the
                       computer department, an engineer of actuary and information department, the officer
                       and assistant to general manager of software development office under life insurance,
                       and assistant to general manager of the Jilin Branch of China Ping An Insurance
                       Company* (中國平安保險公司), from November 1993 to August 2001; he served as
                       an engineer of China Electronics Software Development Co.* (中電軟件技術開發公司)
                       from August 1992 to November 1993 and as assistant engineer of the first engineering
                       division of Nanjing No. 724 Research Institute* (南京724研究所) from August 1989 to
                       August 1992.

                       Mr. GAO obtained a bachelor’s degree of science in computer software from the
                       Department of Computer Science from Nanjing University in July 1989.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

134
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                  Major working experience

              Mr. HUANG has served as our non-executive Director since August 2012. Mr. HUANG
              has finance-related management experience via serving in financial departments and
              at administrative positions of various companies. Specifically, he has been general
              manager of the capital operation department of China COSCO Shipping Corporation
              Limited since September 2016; director of Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.
              since June 2018; director of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co., Ltd. since August
              2017; director of Lanhai Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code:
              600896) since May 2017; non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Development
              Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
              Exchange, stock code: 2866) since June 2016; director of COSCO SHIPPING Technology
              Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 002401) from December 2017 to March
              2019. Mr. HUANG served as deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of the capital
              operation department of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited from February
              to August 2016; deputy general manager of the finance department of COSCO from
HUANG Jian    February 2012 to February 2016; chief financial officer and general manager of the
(黃堅)          finance department of COSCO Americas Inc. from November 2006 to February 2012;
              and vice president and general manager of the finance department of COSCO Logistics
              (Americas), Inc. ( 中 遠 物 流（ 美 洲 ）有 限 公 司 ) (formerly known as Intermodal Bridge
              Services Inc. (中遠美國內陸運輸公司)) from September 2004 to November 2006. Mr.
              HUANG worked at COSCO from July 1996 to September 2004, and the last position he
              held was head of the capital management department of finance and capital division.
              Mr. HUANG was staff member at the finance department of Shenzhen Ocean Shipping
              Co., Ltd. from July 1993 to July 1996.

              Mr. HUANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in auditing from
              Capital University of Economics and Business (formerly known as Beijing Institute
              of Finance and Trade) and a master’s degree in business management from Beijing
              Institute of Technology in July 1992 and March 2002, respectively. Mr. HUANG
              obtained the qualifications of accountant and senior accountant from the Ministry of
              Finance in May 1997 and December 2015, respectively.




                                                                                  2019 Annual Report

                                                                                               135
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                        Major working experience

                       Mr. WANG has served as our non-executive Director since September 2016. Mr.
                       WANG has experience in management of financial companies and listed companies.
                       Specifically, he has been chairman of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING
                       Captive Insurance Co., Ltd. since October 2017; chief executive officer and executive
                       director of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code:
                       601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2866) since May 2016
                       and the chairman of it since July 2019; chairman of the board of directors of COSCO
                       SHIPPING Financial Co., Limited since March 2014; non-executive director of China
                       Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong
                       Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 3968) since November 2016; and vice chairman
                       of the board of the directors of New China COSCO Financial Holdings Limited (新華
                       遠海金融控股有限公司) since March 2017. Mr. WANG acted as director of CIB Fund
                       Management Co., Ltd. from April 2016 to June 2017; executive director of COSCO
                       SHIPPING Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600026; listed
                       on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1138) from August 1997 to March
                       2014; non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the
                       SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2866)
 WANG Daxiong          from June 2004 to June 2014; vice chairman and chairman of the board of directors of
 (王大雄)                 Lanhai Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600896) from June
                       1998 to July 2001 and from July 2001 to April 2014, respectively; and non-executive
                       director of China Merchants Bank from April 1998 to March 2014. Mr. WANG also has
                       working experience relating to financial management via serving as chief accountant,
                       vice president and deputy general manager of China Shipping (Group) Company from
                       January 1998 to March 2014; head of the finance department and chief accountant of
                       Guangzhou Maritime Transport (Group) Co., Ltd. from January 1996 to January 1998;
                       division head and office chief of the Finance Office of the Guangzhou Maritime Bureau
                       (廣州海運局財務處) from March 1991 to January 1996; deputy head and head of the
                       Finance Division of the Second Cargo of Guangzhou Maritime Bureau (廣州海運局二
                       貨公司) from March 1988 to March 1991; and deputy division head of the Finance
                       Department of the Guangzhou Maritime Bureau (廣州海運局財務部) from December
                       1987 to March 1988.

                       Mr. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree majoring in finance and economics from
                       Shanghai Maritime University and an EMBA degree from Shanghai University of Finance
                       and Economics in July 1983 and January 2012, respectively. Mr. WANG also obtained
                       the qualification of senior accountant from Ministry of Transport in November 1995.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

136
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                  Major working experience

              Mr. WANG has served as our non-executive Director since July 2019. He has relevant
              working experience in financial and insurance enterprises. Specifically, Mr. WANG
              has served as the vice president of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited (中國人民
              人壽保險份有限公司) since July 2017; director of China-US Insurance Advisory CO.,
              LTD. (中美國際保險銷售服務有限責任公司) since May 2017; sales director of PICC Life
              Insurance Company Limited from July 2015 to January 2017; leader of the preparatory
              group, deputy manager (job leader) and general manager of the Beijing Branch of
WANG Wen      PICC Life Insurance Company Limited since April 2005 to January 2017; assistant to
(王文)          general manager and deputy general manager of the Beijing Branch of China Pacific
              Life Insurance Co., LTD. (中國太平洋人壽保險股份有限公司) from January 2001 to April
              2005; assistant to manager and deputy manager of life insurance department, deputy
              manager of domestic business department and manager of car insurance department
              of the Beijing Branch of China Pacific Insurance Co., Ltd. from August 1995 to January
              2001.

              Mr. WANG obtained a bachelor’s and master’s degree majoring in law from Peking
              University in July 1991 and July 2005, respectively.

              Mr. XIANG has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. Mr.
              XIANG has experience in foreign exchange practices and capital market management.
              Specifically, he has been chief executive officer of Turui Investment Management
              Co., Ltd. (圖瑞投資管理有限公司) since January 2018, and he was chief executive
              officer and chief operating officer of Deepwater Capital Limited from October 2014
              to November 2017; general manager of SAFE Investment Company Limited from July
XIANG Hua     2009 to February 2014; and head of the Central Foreign Exchange Business Center
(向華)          of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange from March 2004 to July 2009. Mr.
              XIANG successively acted as officer and deputy head of the Balance of Payments
              Department and General Affairs Department of the State Administration of Foreign
              Exchange from August 1994 to March 2004.

              Mr. XIANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Beijing Normal University
              and a master’s degree in economics from Renmin University of China in 1994 and
              2001, respectively.




                                                                                   2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                137
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                        Major working experience

                       Mr. XIAO has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017.
                       Mr. XIAO has experience in the practices and management of accounting firms.
                       Specifically, he has been principal partner of HuaPu TianJian Certified Public
                       Accountants LLP (currently known as RSM China (容誠會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）)
                       since January 2014. Mr. XIAO served as chief accountant of HuaPu TianJian Certified
                       Public Accountants (Beijing) Co., Ltd. ( 華 普 天 健 會 計 師 事 務 所 北 京 有 限 公 司 ) from
 XIAO Houfa            December 2008 to December 2013; chief accountant of Anhui HuaPu Certified Public
 (肖厚發)                 Accountants ( 安 徽 華 普 會 計 師 事 務 所 ) from September 1999 to December 2008;
                       founder and deputy chief accountant of Anhui HuaPu Certified Public Accountants (安
                       徽華普會計師事務所) from January 1999 to August 1999; and staff member in Anhui
                       Certified Public Accountants (安徽會計師事務所) from July 1988 to December 1998.

                       Mr. XIAO obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Shanghai University
                       of Finance and Economics in July 1988. Mr. XIAO has received the title of senior
                       accountant and is a certified public accountant.

                       Mr. XIONG has served as our independent non-executive Director since August 2017.
                       Mr. XIONG has experience in conducting researches on economics and finance via
                       teaching at Princeton University since July 2000 where he has become professor of
                       economics in July 2007 and Trumbull-Adams Professor of Finance in July 2014; director
                       of Shenzhen Finance Institute, CUHK(SZ) since January 2016; academic dean of the
 XIONG Wei             School of Economics and Management at The Chinese University of Hong Kong,
 (熊偉)                  Shenzhen since June 2015 and academic advisor at Hong Kong Institute for Monetary
                       Research since July 2012.

                       Mr. XIONG obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from the University of Science
                       and Technology of China, a master’s degree in physics from Columbia University in
                       the United States and a doctoral degree in finance from Duke University in the United
                       States in July 1993, May 1995 and May 2001, respectively.

                       Mr. HU has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. Mr.
                       HU has experience in conducting researches on and practising law. Specifically, Mr.
                       HU has been professor of law and doctoral advisor at Fudan University since January
                       2008, while concurrently serving as independent director of Shanghai Huaxin Stock
                       Co., Ltd (上海華鑫股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600621) since May
                       2017; independent director of Shanghai Amarsoft Information & Technology Co.,
                       Ltd. (上海安碩信息技術股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 300380) since
 HU Honggao            March 2017; independent director of Perfect Group CORP., LTD (倍加潔集團股份有限
 (胡鴻高)                 公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 603059) since June 2016; independent director
                       of Shanghai Tofflon Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (上海東富龍科技股份有限公司)
                       (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 300171) since March 2014. Mr. HU was vice dean,
                       professor of law and doctoral advisor of Fudan Law School at Fudan University from
                       January 2001 to December 2007; head, professor of law and doctoral advisor of faculty
                       of law at Fudan University from December 1996 to December 2000.

                       Mr. HU obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from Peking University in 1983.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

138
         Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




     Name                                    Major working experience

                 Mr. WONG has served as our independent non-executive Director since January 2018.
                 He has extensive experience in the operation and management of an accounting firm.
                 Specifically, Mr. WONG has been independent director of China International Fund
                 Management Co., Ltd. since April 2019; independent non-executive director of 51
                 Credit Card Inc. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2051) since July
                 2018; independent director of Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (復星聯合健康
                 保險股份有限公司) since July 2017, the independent director of AsiaPacific Property &
                 Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. since April 2016 and supervisor of Vivasolis Biotechnology
WONG Ti (汪棣)     Co., Ltd. (中國台灣旭昶生物科技股份有限公司) since August 2016. Mr. WONG was
                 also a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) China from 1998 to 2015, manager of
                 Coopers & Lybrand China (中信永道會計師事務所) from 1990 to 1998, and auditor of
                 Coopers & Lybrand Los Angeles (中信永道會計師事務所) from 1987 to 1990.

                 Mr. WONG obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the Department of
                 Business Administration of National Taiwan University in 1982 and a Master of Business
                 Administration (MBA) degree from University of California, Los Angeles in 1986. Mr.
                 WONG obtained a qualification as a certified public accountant in China in October
                 2002.

                 Ms. ZHOU has served as our Chairman of the Supervisory Committee since July 2014.
                 Ms. ZHOU was executive director of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited
                 (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0133) from March 2008 to
                 September 2014 and from March 2002 to September 2005; managing director of
                 China Merchants China Investment Management Limited from February 2008 to
                 May 2014 and from February 2002 to July 2005; and independent director of China
ZHOU Linda Lei   Merchants Fund from September 2007 to November 2013. Ms. ZHOU served as
(周語菡)            independent director of Jiangxi Selon Industrial Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock
                 code: 002748) from May 2008 to May 2014; and supervisor of Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
                 (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601166) from April 2008 to October 2013.

                 Ms. ZHOU obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in finance and
                 accounting from Renmin University of China and a master’s degree in business
                 administration from Sonoma State University of the California State University in July
                 1989 and January 1993, respectively.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                    139
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                        Major working experience
                       Mr. LI has served as our Supervisor since July 2014. Mr. Li has been a standing member
                       of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit since
                       June 2018; supervisor of China Greatwall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE,
                       stock code: 002939) since July 2015 and deputy general manager of China Merchants
                       Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from November 2017 to February 2019. He was an assistant
                       to the general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from November
                       2014 to November 2017; general manager of the human resources department of
                       China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from May 2010 to September 2016;
 LI Xiaofei            senior manager of the human resources department of China Merchants Group from
 (李曉霏)                 October 2006 to May 2010; and manager of the administration and human resources
                       department and secretary to the board of directors of Grand Auto Park Company
                       Limited (深圳市平方汽車園區有限公司) from October 2003 to October 2006. Mr. LI
                       joined Shenzhen Nanyou (Holdings) Ltd. since July 1993, and has held such positions
                       as secretary (chief at section level) of the general manager office, deputy manager
                       of the planning and development department and deputy manager of the leasing
                       department.
                       Mr. LI obtained a master’s degree in economics majoring in labour economics from
                       Renmin University of China in January 2004.
                       Mr. WANG has served as our Supervisor since June 2017. Mr. WANG has been the
                       chief auditor (首席稽核官) of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial
                       Services Business Unit since April 2019; director of Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and
                       Development Co. Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd.
                       and Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. since November 2014; and
                       supervisor of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co. Ltd. since September
                       2011. He was assistant to the general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings
                       Co., Ltd. from May 2016 to April 2019; general manager of Shenzhen Yan Qing
                       Investment and Development Company Ltd. from November 2014 to August 2018;
                       general manager of Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment and Development Company Ltd.
                       from November 2014 to July 2018; general manager of Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
 WANG Zhangwei         Development Co., Ltd. from November 2014 to July 2018. Mr. WANG was general
 (王章為)                 manager of the finance department of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.
                       from June 2014 to May 2016; general manager of finance department of China
                       Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from June 2008 to June 2014; senior manager
                       of the audit department of China Merchants Group Limited from August 2002 to June
                       2008; manager of the finance department of China Merchants Technology Holdings
                       Co., Ltd. from May 2001 to August 2002; and manager of the audit department of
                       China Merchants Shekou Holdings Co., Ltd. from April 2000 to May 2001.
                       Mr. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree from Dongbei University of Finance and
                       Economics and an MBA degree from University of South Australia in July 1995 and April
                       2008, respectively. He is a certified public accountant in the PRC and an international
                       certified internal auditor.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

140
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                    Major working experience
                Mr. MA has served as our Supervisor since June 2017. Mr. MA has been director and
                general manager of Hebei Port Group Investment Management Co., Ltd. (河北港口
                集團投資管理有限公司) (currently known as Hebei Port Group Investment (Tianjin)
                Management Co., Ltd. (河北港口集團投資（天津）管理有限公司)), and chairman of the
                board of directors and general manager of Hebei Port Group Shanghai Investment
                Management Company ( 河 北 港 口 集 團 上 海 投 資 公 司 ) since January 2016. Mr. MA
                served as manager of First Company of Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公
                司一公司) from June 2008 to January 2016; manager of First Company of Qinhuangdao
                Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司一公司) from March 2008 to June 2014; manager of
                Logistics Company of Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司物流公司) from
MA Yunchun      September 2003 to March 2008; deputy manager of Sixth Company of Qinhuangdao
(馬蘊春)           Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司六公司) from April 2003 to September 2003; head
                of the lading team of Sixth Company of Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有
                限公司六公司) from April 2001 to April 2003; vice head of the lading team of Sixth
                Company of Qinghuangdao Port Co., Ltd. ( 秦 皇 島 港 口 有 限 公 司 六 公 司 ) from May
                1998 to April 2001; and cadre of the electromechanical division of Sixth Company of
                Qinghuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司六公司) from April 1994 to May
                1998. Mr. MA worked in Shanhaiguan Bridge Works from July 1989 to September
                1991.
                Mr. MA obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in welding from Tianjin
                University in July 1989 and April 1994, respectively.
                Mr. FANG has served as our Supervisor since July 2011. Mr. FANG has been the
                standing member of the Party committee and deputy general manager of China
                Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd. (中國國新控股有限責任公司) since December 2019;
                general manager of the financial management department of China Communications
                Construction Company Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601800; listed on the
                Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1800) since August 2014 to February 2020;
                supervisor of Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. since October 2015; director of
                CCCC Finance Company Limited ( 中 交 財 務 有 限 公 司 ) since March 2016; director
                of CCCC Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. since August 2016; supervisor of
                Yellow River Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. since August 2017; a director of
                CCCC Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. since May 2018. Mr. FANG once held the following
                positions at China Communication Construction Company Limited: executive general
FANG Xiaobing   manager and chief financial officer of the overseas business department from July
(房小兵)           2013 to August 2014; and chief accountant of the overseas business department from
                December 2011 to July 2013. Mr. FANG served as general manager of the financial
                funding department of China Communications Construction Group (Limited) from April
                2011 to June 2012. Mr. FANG worked at China Harbor Construction (Group) Company
                (中國港灣建設（集團）總公司) between November 1994 and September 2005, and the
                highest position he held was deputy general manager of the finance department.
                Mr. FANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering majoring in finance from
                Changsha University of Science & Technology (formerly known as Changsha College of
                Transportation), a master’s degree in business administration from Fordham University
                in the U.S. and a doctoral degree in administration from Beijing Jiaotong University
                in June 1993, February 2006 and June 2016, respectively. Mr. FANG was granted
                the title of Official Senior Accountant in December 2015 by China Communications
                Construction Company Limited.



                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                 141
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                        Major working experience
                       Mr. ZHANG has served as our Supervisor since July 2011. Mr. ZHANG has been vice
                       president of Shenzhen Huaqiang Holdings Limited since August 2014; director of
                       Shenzhen Huaqiang Industry Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000062) since
                       June 2012; he has been director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Electronic Commerce Co.,
                       Ltd. and holds concurrently the positions of director, general manager and supervisor
                       in various subsidiaries of Huaqiang Holdings, including Shenzhen Huaqiang Group
                       Finance Company Limited, Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset Management Group Co., Ltd.,
                       Shenzhen Qianhai Huaqiang Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., Kunyi Hengxin Venture
                       Capital Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Huaqiang Supply Chain Management Company Limited
                       and Fantawild Holdings Inc. since April 2013. Mr. ZHANG served as general manager
 ZHANG Zehong          of Huaqiang Industry from June 2012 to August 2014; vice president of Huaqiang
 (張澤宏)                 Holdings from November 2011 to June 2012; and concurrently assistant to the
                       president of Huaqiang Holdings from January 2007 to November 2011; managing
                       director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Dingxin Investment Co., Ltd. from December 2008 to
                       June 2012; and head of the auditing department, finance department, and settlement
                       center of Huaqiang Holdings from October 2003 to October 2008.
                       Mr. ZHANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting from
                       Xi’an Shiyou University (formerly known as Xi’an Shiyou College) and a master’s degree
                       in economics majoring in accounting from Shaanxi Institute of Finance and Economics
                       (now merged into Xi’an Jiaotong University) in June 1994 and July 1997, respectively.
                       Mr. ZHANG was granted the title of Intermediate Accountant by the Ministry of Finance
                       in May 1999.
                       Ms. YIN has served as our employee representative Supervisor since August 2007.
                       Ms. YIN has been general manager of our Human Resources Department since
                       August 2018. She was general manager of our Department of Retail Brokerage and
                       Department of Operations and Administration from August 2017 to August 2018. Ms.
                       YIN served as deputy general manager and then general manager of our Department
                       of Operations and Administration from April 2009 to August 2017; manager of our
 YIN Hongyan           Shenzhen Fumin Road securities branch from April 2007 to April 2009; assistant to
 (尹虹艷)                 the general manager of our Private Customer Service Department from January 2006
                       to April 2007; deputy manager of our Shenzhen Fumin Road securities branch from
                       January 2005 to January 2006; and assistant to manager and head of the customer
                       service department of our Shenzhen Zhenhua Road securities branch from July 2000 to
                       February 2005.
                       Ms. YIN obtained a doctoral degree in law majoring in sociology from Nankai University
                       in June 2006.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

142
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                     Major working experience
                Ms. HE has served as our employee representative Supervisor since July 2009. Ms. HE
                has been general manager of our Finance Department since February 2019; director of
                CMS Asset Management since July 2019; director of China Merchants Futures and CMS
                Zhiyuan since May 2019 and chairman of the supervisory committee of Bosera Funds
                since April 2019. Ms. HE served as deputy general manager of our Finance Department
                from April 2009 to February 2019, and assistant to the general manager of our Finance
                Department from April 2006 to April 2009. Ms. HE started her service at our Finance
HE Min (何敏)     Department from July 1999.
                Ms. HE obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting and
                a master’s degree in management majoring in accounting, both from Zhongnan
                University of Economics and Law (formerly Zhongnan University of Finance and
                Economics), in July 1996 and June 1999, respectively. Ms. HE was granted the
                qualification of Certified Public Accountant in October 1999 by the Chinese Institute of
                Certified Public Accountants.

                Mr. XIONG has served as our employee representative Supervisor since May 2017.
                He has served as director and general manager of CMS Asset Management since
                December 2019. He was supervisor of CMS Asset Management from May 2019 to
                December 2019, general manager of our Audit Department from December 2017 to
                December 2019 and supervisor of CMS Investment from December 2017 to December
                2019. Mr. XIONG was chief compliance officer, chief risk officer and secretary to the
                board of directors of China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. from
                May 2015 to December 2017. He worked for the preparatory panel of China Merchants
                Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to April 2015. Mr. XIONG
XIONG Zhigang   served as officer and deputy head of the CSRC Shenzhen Office from September 2003
(熊志鋼)           to August 2014; and financial manager of the financial management department of
                Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. from July 2000 to August 2003.

                Mr. XIONG obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in auditing from
                Nankai University and a master’s degree in finance from Peking University in June 2000
                and July 2007, respectively. Mr. XIONG was granted the qualifications of Certified
                Public Accountant by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accounts, Internal
                Auditor by the China Institute of Internal Audit, International Internal Auditor (IIA) by
                the Institute of Internal Auditors as well as the title of Intermediate Accountant by the
                Ministry of Finance of the PRC in December 2004, November 2001, November 2001
                and May 2004, respectively.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                     143
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                         Major working experience

                       Ms. DENG has served as our Vice President since November 2005. She has been
                       chairman of the board of directors of CMS Asset Management since March 2019;
                       and chairman of the board of directors of CMS Zhiyuan since January 2019. She also
                       served as our Chief Risk Officer from August 2014 to December 2018; and has been
                       director of China Merchants Fund since November 2006; vice chairman of the board of
                       directors of China Merchants Fund since November 2013. She was a director of CMS
                       International from January 2006 to January 2019; secretary to the Board from August
                       2014 to December 2014; and deputy general manager and then general manager
 DENG Xiaoli           of our Risk Management Department from March 2002 to March 2006 (during such
 (鄧曉力)                 period she had been seconded by the CSRC to be a member of the administrative
                       take-over group of China Southern Securities). Ms. DENG was senior analyst in the risk
                       management department of Citigroup Inc. from August 1998 to October 2001; and
                       senior risk analyst of Providian Financial Corporation from June 1997 to August 1998.

                       Ms. DENG obtained a bachelor’s degree in science majoring in management science
                       from Shandong University, a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in economics from
                       the State University of New York in July 1989, December 1993 and December 1996,
                       respectively. Ms. DENG was granted the title of Senior Economist (Finance) in December
                       2013.

                       Mr. LI has served as our Vice President since July 2015. Mr. LI has been chairman of the
                       board of directors of China Merchants Futures since March 2019, director of E-Capital
                       Transfer Co., Ltd. since January 2019. He served as chairman of the board of directors
                       of CMS Zhiyuan from January 2015 to January 2019; assistant to the President from
                       December 2014 to July 2015; deputy general manager of China Merchants Food Supply
                       Chain Management Co., Ltd.* (招商局食品供應鏈管理有限公司) from January 2014
                       to September 2014; deputy general manager of China Merchants Capital Investments
                       Co., Ltd. from April 2013 to January 2014; deputy general manager of the corporate
                       planning department of China Merchants Group from February 2006 to April 2013;
 LI Zongjun            assistant to general manager of China Merchants Holdings (International) Company
 (李宗軍)                 Limited from March 2003 to February 2005; deputy manager of the overseas listing
                       department of COSCO’s asset management center from September 1997 to April
                       1999; and assistant to the general manager of COSCO Finance Co., Ltd. (formerly
                       COSCO Group Finance Co., Ltd.) and general manager of its Beijing securities
                       department from March 1994 to October 1997.

                       Mr. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in economics,
                       both from Nankai University, in July 1987 and April 1990, respectively. Mr. LI was
                       granted the qualification of senior economist by the Ministry of Transport in October
                       1998.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

144
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                    Major working experience

                Mr. WU has served as our Vice President since November 2018 and our Secretary to
                the Board since December 2014. Mr. WU served as assistant to the President from May
                2014 to March 2015; co-general manager of the Board office from June 2014 to June
                2015; our Supervisor from July 2007 to May 2014; and our Director from May 2004 to
                July 2007. Mr. WU held the following positions in China Merchants Finance Holdings
                Co., Ltd.: deputy general manager from September 2013 to May 2014; assistant to the
                general manager from July 2008 to September 2013; general manager of the human
                resources department from June 2008 to May 2010; and general manager of the
                finance and audit department from June 1999 to June 2008. Mr. WU served as deputy
WU Huifeng      manager of the finance department of Shanghai Nanshan Real Estate Development
(吳慧峰)           Co., Ltd. (上海南山房地產開發有限公司) (formerly Shanghai Chengnan Real Estate
                Development Company (上海誠南房地產開發公司)) from August 1998 to June 1999;
                and employee and head of the settlement center of China Nanshan Development
                (Group) Co., Ltd. from June 1996 to August 1998.

                Mr. WU obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting from the
                Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in economics
                majoring in finance from Peking University in June 1996 and January 2012,
                respectively. Mr. WU was granted the qualification of accountant in May 1998 by the
                Ministry of Finance of the PRC.

                Mr. ZHAO has served as our Vice President since November 2018. He has been working
                as executive director of CMS Investment since January 2019; chief compliance officer
                of CMS Asset Management since January 2018 and chairman of the supervisory
                committee of China Merchants Fund since September 2017. He served as our Chief
                Compliance Officer from January 2016 to December 2018; director of CMS Asset
                Management from July 2015 to May 2019; a director of China Merchants Futures from
                July 2008 to May 2019. Mr. ZHAO served as general manager of our Department of
                Retail Brokerage from April 2008 to January 2016, and during such period, he also
                served as general manager of our Channel Management Department from April 2013
                to January 2014. Mr. ZHAO was our employee representative Supervisor from July
                2007 to May 2011; general manager of our Private Customer Service Department from
ZHAO Bin (趙斌)   January 2006 to April 2009; manager of our Shenzhen Nanshan Nanyou Road securities
                branch from August 2001 to January 2006; deputy manager (person-in-charge) of our
                Shenzhen Longgang securities branch from August 1999 to August 2001; and assistant
                to the general manager of our Brokerage Business Department from January 1999 to
                August 1999. Mr. ZHAO had held the following positions in the securities department
                of China Merchants Bank: assistant to the manager and manager of Haikou branch
                from March 1996 to December 1998; head of Futian branch from May 1995 to March
                1996; and staff member of the securities department from July 1992 to May 1995.

                Mr. ZHAO obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in international
                finance from Shenzhen University and a master’s degree in science majoring in project
                management from the University of Greenwich in June 1992 and December 2010,
                respectively.




                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                 145
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                        Major working experience

                       Mr. HU has been the compliance officer and chief risk officer since December 2018.
                       From August to November 2018, he was the deputy head of capital operation
                       department of China Merchants Group. He served as the member of CPC Committee
                       and the secretary of Disciplinary Committee of Guangdong Bureau of the China
                       Securities Regulatory Commission from November 2016 to July 2018. From February
                       2015 to October 2016, he was the member of CPC Committee and the secretary
                       of Disciplinary Committee of Hainan Bureau of the China Securities Regulatory
                       Commission. He served as the deputy principal staff member of Department of
                       Policy and Regulations, the principal staff member of Department of Intermediary
 HU Yu (胡宇)            Supervision, the deputy officer and director of Office of the Party Committee as well
                       as the director of No.1 Inspection Office of Shenzhen Bureau of the China Securities
                       Regulatory Commission from July 1996 to January 2015. He has taught at the foreign
                       language teaching and research office of Jiangxi Medical College from July 1989 to
                       August 1994. From September 1981 to August 1985, he was a teacher in Xishan
                       Middle School (西山中學).

                       Mr. HU obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Jiangxi Normal University (江西師範大
                       學) and a Master’s degree in Finance from Graduate School of People’s Bank of China
                       in July 1989 and July 1996, respectively.

                       Mr. WU has served as our Vice President since February 2019. He has been the
                       chairman of the board of directors of CMS International since December 2018; general
                       manager of our Department of International Business since November 2018. He served
                       as assistant to the President from July 2018 to February 2019; general manager of
                       CMS Asset Management from April 2015 to August 2019; and general manager of
                       our Assets Management Department from January 2014 to April 2015. He also served
                       as general manager of our Private Customer Service Department from April 2009
                       to January 2014; deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of our Operations and
                       Administration Department from January 2008 to April 2009; person-in-charge for
 WU Guangyan           the operation department for credit card business department of the headquarter of
 (吳光焰)                 Ping An Bank from April 2007 to January 2008; the general manager of Technology
                       Department of the Shenzhen branch of China Guangfa Bank from August 2002 to
                       April 2007; technology manager of information technology center of the head office of
                       China Merchants Bank from June 1995 to April 2002 and engineer of Radio Electronics
                       Research Institute in Wuhan City from June 1988 to September 1992.

                       Mr. WU obtained a bachelor’s degree in automatic control majoring in testing
                       technology and instrument (自動控制系檢測技術及儀器專業學士學位) and a master’s
                       degree majoring in pattern recognition and intelligent control (模式識別與智能控制專
                       業碩士學位) from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in June 1988 and
                       June 1995, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

146
         Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                       Major working experience

                  Mr. XIE has served as our Vice President since March 2019 and has been general
                  manager of the head office of Investment bank since April 2008. He served as
                  managing director of the head office of our Investment bank from April 2008 to
                  February 2019; executive director (person-in-charge) of the head office of our
                  Investment bank from June 2007 to April 2008; and successively acted as team head,
                  deputy general manager and executive director of the head office of our Investment
                  bank from June 2000 to June 2007; senior manager and assistant to general manager
                  of department of investment bank of China Southern Securities Limited from October
XIE Jijun (謝繼軍)   1996 to June 2000 and held the position of officer of the corporate management
                  department of Shenzhen Navigation Group Co., Ltd. from July 1994 to October 1996.

                  Mr. XIE obtained a bachelor’s degree in Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering
                  majoring in thermal engineering from South China University of Technology in July
                  1994, a master’s degree in economics majoring in international economics and trade
                  from Nankai University and Flinders University in Australia (澳大利亞弗林德斯大學) in
                  October 2004 and an EMBA degree from China Europe International Business School in
                  September 2011. Mr. XIE was among the first batch of candidates registered as sponsor
                  representatives in China in 2004.

                  Mr. CHEN has served as our non-executive Director from June 2017 to May 2019.
                  Mr. CHEN has working experience in various financial and insurance enterprises.
                  Specifically, he has been chairman of the supervisory committee, secretary to discipline
                  inspection commission office and member of the party committee of PICC Pension
                  Company Limited since August 2018; executive director and legal representative of
                  PICC Health Pension Management (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd (人保健康養老管理（廣州）有
                  限公司) since August 2018; secretary to the board of directors of PICC Life Insurance
                  Company Limited from February 2018 to August 2018; executive director of PICC Life
                  Insurance Company Limited from January 2018 to August 2018; vice president of PICC
                  Life Insurance Company Limited from January 2017 to August 2018; and vice president
CHEN Zhigang      of PICC Health Insurance Company Limited from April 2011 to January 2017. Mr. CHEN
(陳志剛)             served as assistant to the president of PICC Health Insurance Company Limited from
                  September 2009 to April 2011; and successively held position in the People’s Bank of
                  China, the Financial Committee of the CPC Central Committee (中央金融工委) and the
                  China Banking Regulatory Commission from July 1993 to August 2009, including the
                  position of deputy director (deputy at the bureau level) of the training center of the
                  China Banking Regulatory Commission.

                  Mr. CHEN obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Hangzhou University (now
                  known as Zhejiang University), a master’s degree in economics from the Chinese
                  Academy of Social Sciences and a doctoral degree from Renmin University of China in
                  July 1993, July 1999 and July 2005, respectively. He was granted the qualification of
                  senior economist in November 2003.




                                                                                        2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                      147
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



II.   Positions of Incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management and
      Those Resigned during the Reporting Period

(I)   Positions in shareholders


                                                                                    Date of         Date of
       Name                   Name of shareholder                    Position
                                                                                  Appointment     Termination

                      China Merchants Finance Investment                          December
 SU Min (蘇敏)                                                  General manager                    to date
                      Holdings Co., Ltd.                                          2017

 WANG Wen
                      PICC Life Insurance Company Limited     Vice president      July 2017      to date
 (王文)
                      China Merchants Finance Investment                          September
                                                              Supervisor                         to date
 WANG Zhangwei        Holdings Co., Ltd.                                          2011
 (王章為)                Shenzhen Jisheng Investment                                 November
                                                              Director                           to date
                      Development Co., Ltd.                                       2014

                                                              General manager
 FANG Xiaobing        China Communications Construction       of the financial
                                                                                  August 2014    February 2020
 (房小兵)                Company Ltd.                            management
                                                              department

 Statement of positions in shareholders’ company              Nil



(II) Positions in other companies


                                                                                    Date of         Date of
      Name           Name of company                      Position
                                                                                  Appointment     Termination
                     CMS International                    Director                January 2019   to date
 HUO Da (霍達)         17th Public Offering Review          Part-time committee     September
                                                                                                 January 2019
                     Committee of the CSRC                member                  2017
                                                          Standing vice officer
                     China Merchants Financial Services
                                                          of the Execution        June 2018      to date
                     Business Unit
                                                          Committee
                                                                                  September
                     Bosera Funds                         Director                               to date
                                                                                  2018
 SU Min (蘇敏)         China Merchants Finance Holdings                             December
                                                          Director                               to date
                     Co., Ltd.                                                    2015
                                                                                  September
                     China Merchants Bank                 Director                               to date
                                                                                  2014
                     China Merchants Finance Holdings                             September
                                                          General manager                        February 2019
                     Co., Ltd.                                                    2015




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

148
          Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                Date of            Date of
    Name          Name of company                    Position
                                                                              Appointment        Termination
                                                     Head of the finance
                  China Merchants Group              department (property     July 2017        to date
                                                     rights department)
                  Sinotrans Limited                  Non-executive Director   June 2019        to date
                  China Merchants Port Group Co.,                             December
                                                     Director                                  to date
                  Ltd.                                                        2018
SU Jian (粟健)      China Merchants Port Holdings
                                                     Executive Director       October 2017     to date
                  Company Limited
                  China Merchants Expressway
                  Network & Technology Holdings      Director                 January 2018     to date
                  Co., Ltd.
                  China Merchants Energy Shipping
                                                     Director                 August 2017      January 2019
                  Co., Ltd.
                                                     Director of
                  China Merchants Group              development research     August 2018      to date
                                                     center
                  China Merchants Technology and
                  Innovation Development Institute   Dean                     August 2018      to date
                  (招商局科技創新發展研究院)
XIONG Xianliang
(熊賢良)                                                Head of strategic
                  China Merchants Group              development              March 2015       to date
                                                     department
                  Sinotrans Limited                  Non-executive Director   June 2019        to date
                  China Merchants Port Holdings
                                                     Executive Director       June 2018        to date
                  Company Limited
                                                                              September
                  CMS International                  Director                                  to date
                                                                              2015
XIONG Jiantao                                        Chairman of the board
                  CMS Asset Management                                        March 2015       March 2019
(熊劍濤)                                                of directors
                                                     Chairman of the board
                  China Merchants Futures                                     March 2008       March 2019
                                                     of directors




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          149
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                   Date of          Date of
      Name           Name of company                    Position
                                                                                 Appointment      Termination
                                                        Standing member
                                                        of the Execution
                     China Merchants Group              Committee of China       June 2018       to date
                                                        Merchants Financial
                                                        Services Business Unit
                     China Merchants Ping An Asset                               December
                                                        Director                                 to date
                     Management Co.                                              2018

 PENG Lei (彭磊)       China Merchants Commerce
                                                        Director                 August 2018     to date
                     Leasing Co., Ltd
                     China Great Wall Securities Co.,
                                                        Director                 June 2011       to date
                     Ltd.
                     China Merchants Finance Holdings   Deputy general
                                                                                 April 2016      February 2019
                     Co., Ltd.                          manager
                     Morgan Stanley Huaxin Fund
                                                        Director                 March 2015      August 2019
                     Management Co., Ltd.
                     Execution Committee of China       Standing member
                     Merchants Financial Services       of the Execution         February 2019   to date
                     Business Unit                      Committee
                     China Merchants Financial
                                                                                 November
                     Technology Co., Ltd.               General manager                          to date
                                                                                 2017
 GAO Hong            (招商局金融科技有限公司)
 (高宏)                                                   Deputy general
                     China Merchants Life Insurance     manager (Chief
                                                                                 February 2017   to date
                     Company Limited                    Technology Officer
                                                        (CTO))
                     China Merchants Finance Holdings   Chief Technology
                                                                                 February 2017   February 2019
                     Co., Ltd.                          Officer (CTO)
                     Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank
                                                        Director                 June 2018       to date
                     Co., Ltd.
                                                        General manager
                     China COSCO Shipping                                        September
                                                        of capital operation                     to date
                     Corporation Limited                                         2016
                                                        department
                     COSCO SHIPPING Captive
 HUANG Jian                                             Director                 August 2017     to date
                     Insurance Co., Ltd.
 (黃堅)
                     Lanhai Medical Investment Co.,
                                                        Director                 May 2017        to date
                     Ltd.
                     COSCO SHIPPING Development
                                                        Non-executive director   June 2016       to date
                     Co., Ltd.
                     COSCO SHIPPING Technology Co.,                              December
                                                        Director                                 March 2019
                     Ltd.                                                        2017




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

150
            Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                Date of            Date of
    Name         Name of company                    Position
                                                                              Appointment        Termination

                 COSCO SHIPPING Captive             Chairman of the board
                                                                              October 2017     to date
                 Insurance Co., Ltd.                of directors

                 COSCO SHIPPING Financial Co.,      Chairman of the board
                                                                              March 2014       to date
                 Limited                            of directors

                 COSCO SHIPPING Development         Chairman of the board
                                                                              July 2019        to date
                 Co., Ltd.                          of directors

WANG Daxiong     COSCO SHIPPING Development
                                                    Executive director        June 2016        to date
(王大雄)            Co., Ltd.

                 COSCO SHIPPING Development
                                                    Chief executive officer   May 2016         to date
                 Co., Ltd.

                                                                              November
                 China Merchants Bank               Non-executive director                     to date
                                                                              2016

                 New China COSCO Financial          Vice chairman of the
                                                                              March 2017       to date
                 Holdings Limited                   board of directors

WANG Wen         China-US Insurance Advisory        Chairman of the board
                                                                              May 2017         to date
(王文)             CO., LTD.                          of directors

                 Turui Investment Management Co.,
XIANG Hua
                 Ltd.                               Chief executive officer   January 2018     to date
(向華)
                 (圖瑞投資管理有限公司)
                 RSM China
XIAO Houfa
                 (容誠會計師事務所（特殊普通合                    Principal partner         January 2014     to date
(肖厚發)
                 夥）)
                 Princeton University               Professor of Economics    July 2007        to date

                                                    Trumbull-Adams
                 Princeton University                                         July 2014        to date
                                                    Professor of Finance

                 Shenzhen Finance Institute, CUHK
                                                    Director                  January 2016     to date
XIONG Wei        (SZ)
(熊偉)
                                                    Academic Dean of the
                 Chinese University of Hong Kong,
                                                    School of Economics       June 2015        to date
                 Shenzhen
                                                    and Management

                 Hong Kong Institute for Monetary
                                                    Academic adviser          July 2012        to date
                 Research




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          151
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                       Date of         Date of
      Name           Name of company                      Position
                                                                                     Appointment     Termination
                                                          Professor of law,
                     Fudan University                                                January 2008   to date
                                                          doctoral advisor
                     Shanghai China Fortune Co., Ltd.     Independent director       May 2017       to date
 HU Honggao          Shanghai Tofflon Science and
                                                          Independent director       March 2014     to date
 (胡鴻高)               Technology Co., Ltd.
                     Shanghai Amarsoft Information &
                                                          Independent director       March 2017     to date
                     Technology Co., Ltd.
                     Perfect Group Corp., Ltd             Independent director       June 2016      to date
                     China International Fund
                                                          Independent director       April 2019     to date
                     Management Co., Ltd.
                                                          Independent
                     51 Credit Card Inc.                                             July 2018      to date
                                                          non-executive director
                     Fosun United Health Insurance Co.,
                     Ltd.                                 Independent director       July 2017      to date
 WONG Ti (汪棣)
                     (復星聯合健康保險股份有限公司)
                     Asia-Pacific Property & Casualty
                                                          Independent director       April 2016     to date
                     Insurance Co., Ltd.
                     Vivasolis Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
                     (中國台灣旭昶生物科技股份有限公                     Supervisor                 August 2016    to date
                     司)
                                                          Standing member
                                                          of the Execution
                     China Merchants Group                Committee of China         June 2018      to date
                                                          Merchants Financial
 LI Xiaofei                                               Services Business Unit
 (李曉霏)
                     China Great Wall Securities Co.,
                                                          Supervisor                 July 2015      to date
                     Ltd.
                     China Merchants Finance Holdings     Deputy general             November
                                                                                                    February 2019
                     Co., Ltd.                            manager                    2017
                                                          Chief auditor of
                     China Merchants Group                Financial Services         April 2019     to date
                                                          Business Unit

 WANG                Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and                                November
                                                          Director                                  to date
 Zhangwei            Development Company Ltd.                                        2014
 (王章為)               Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment and                                 November
                                                          Director                                  to date
                     Development Company Ltd.                                        2014
                     China Merchants Finance Holdings     Assistant to the general
                                                                                     May 2016       April 2019
                     Co., Ltd.                            manager
                     Hebei Port Group Investment
                     (Tianjin) Management Co., Ltd.       Director, general
                                                                                     January 2016   to date
                     (河北港口集團投資（天津）管理                      manager
 MA Yunchun          有限公司)
 (馬蘊春)
                                                          Chairman of the board
                     Hebei Port Group Shanghai
                                                          of directors, general      January 2016   to date
                     Investment Management Company
                                                          manager


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

152
         Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                              Date of            Date of
    Name        Name of company                     Position
                                                                            Appointment        Termination
                                                    Member of standing
                                                    committee of
                China Reform Holdings                                       December
                                                    communist party,                         to date
                Corporation Ltd.                                            2019
                                                    deputy general
                                                    manager
                CCCC Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.    Director                May 2018         to date
FANG Xiaobing
(房小兵)           Yellow River Property & Casualty
                                                    Supervisor              August 2017      to date
                Insurance Co., Ltd.
                CCCC Fund Management Co., Ltd.      Director                August 2016      to date
                CCCC Finance Company Ltd.           Director                March 2016       to date
                Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co.,
                                                    Supervisor              October 2015     to date
                Ltd.
                Shenzhen Huaqiang Holdings
                                                    Vice president          August 2014      to date
                Limited
                Shenzhen Huaqiang Industry Co.,
                                                    Director                June 2012        to date
                Ltd.
                Shenzhen Huaqiang Electronic
                                                    Director                July 2015        to date
                Commerce Co., Ltd.
                Shenzhen Huaqiang Group Finance
                Limited                             Director                May 2012         to date
                (深圳華強集團財務有限公司)
ZHANG Zehong    Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset             General manager,
                                                                            June 2018        to date
(張澤宏)           Management Group Co., Ltd.          director
                Shenzhen Qianhai Huaqiang
                                                    General manager,        September
                Finance Holding Limited                                                      to date
                                                    director                2017
                (深圳前海華強金融控股有限公司)
                Kunyi Hengxin Entrepreneurship
                Investment Limited Company          Director                May 2017         to date
                (昆毅恒信創業投資有限公司)
                Shenzhen Huaqiang Supply Chain
                                                    Director                June 1994        to date
                Management Co., Ltd.
                Fantawild Holdings Inc              Supervisor              April 2016       to date
                China Merchants Securities Asset
                                                    Director                July 2019        to date
                Management Co., Ltd.
                China Merchants Futures Co., Ltd.   Director                May 2019         to date
HE Min (何敏)     China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital
                                                    Director                May 2019         to date
                Investment Co., Ltd.
                Bosera Asset Management Co.,        Chairman of the
                                                                            April 2019       to date
                Limited                             supervisory committee

                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                        153
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                    Date of         Date of
      Name           Name of company                  Position
                                                                                  Appointment     Termination
                                                      Director, general           December
                     CMS Asset Management                                                        to date
                                                      manager                     2019
 XIONG Zhigang                                                                                   December
                     CMS Asset Management             Supervisor                  May 2019
 (熊志鋼)                                                                                           2019
                                                                                  December       December
                     CMS Investment                   Supervisor
                                                                                  2017           2019
                                                      Chairman of the board
                     CMS Zhiyuan                                                  January 2019   to date
                                                      of directors
                                                      Chairman of the board
                     CMS Asset Management                                         March 2019     to date
                                                      of directors
 DENG Xiaoli
                                                      Vice chairman of the        November
 (鄧曉力)               China Merchants Fund                                                        to date
                                                      board of directors          2013
                                                                                  November
                     China Merchants Fund             Director                                   to date
                                                                                  2006
                     CMS International                Director                    January 2006   January 2019
                                                      Chairman of the board
                     China Merchants Futures                                      March 2019     to date
                                                      of directors
 LI Zongjun
                     E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd      Director                    January 2019   to date
 (李宗軍)
                                                      Chairman of the board
                     CMS Zhiyuan                                                  January 2015   January 2019
                                                      of directors
                     CMS Investment                   Executive director          January 2019   to date
                                                      Chairman of the             September
                     China Merchants Fund                                                        to date
                                                      supervisory committee       2017
 ZHAO Bin (趙斌)                                        Chief compliance
                     CMS Asset Management                                         January 2018   to date
                                                      officer
                     China Merchants Futures          Director                    July 2008      May 2019
                     CMS Asset Management             Director                    July 2015      May 2019
 WU Guangyan         China Merchants Securities       Chairman of the board       December
                                                                                                 to date
 (吳光焰)               International Company Limited    of directors                2018
                                                      Chairman of the
                                                      supervisory committee,
                                                      Secretary of the
                     PICC Pension Company Limited                                 August 2018    to date
                                                      discipline committee
 CHEN Zhigang                                         and member of the
 (陳志剛)                                                Party committee
                     PICC Health Pension Management
                                                      Executive director, legal
                     (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (人保健康                                  August 2018    to date
                                                      representative
                     養老管理（廣州）有限公司)
 Statement of
 positions in                                                    Nil
 other companies

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

154
         Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



III. Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

Decision-making procedures of remuneration of        Non-executive directors and external supervisors of
Directors, Supervisors and senior management         the Company shall not collect remuneration from
                                                     the Company, and independent non-executive
                                                     directors shall receive the allowance of independent
                                                     directors according to the resolutions of the
                                                     Company’s shareholders’ general meeting. The
                                                     Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considers
                                                     and reviews the remuneration policy, standard
                                                     and proposal for the Directors, chairman of the
                                                     Supervisory Committee and senior management
                                                     who worked full time for the Company, and makes
                                                     recommendations to the Board on the formulation
                                                     of official and transparent procedures for
                                                     determining the remuneration policy. Remuneration
                                                     of the Directors, chairman of the Supervisory
                                                     Committee and senior management who worked
                                                     full time for the Company shall be considered and
                                                     determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal
                                                     Committee under the Board.

Basis for determination of remuneration of           Remuneration of the Directors, chairman of the
Directors, Supervisors and senior management         Supervisory Committee and senior management
                                                     who worked full time for the Company shall be
                                                     determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal
                                                     Committee under the Board with reference to the
                                                     principal duties of relevant managerial positions,
                                                     the results of performance assessment as well as the
                                                     remuneration level in the market, according to the
                                                     Company’s pilot scheme of Management Methods
                                                     of the Remuneration of Senior management.

Remuneration paid to Directors, Supervisors and      Please refer to “I. Change in Shareholdings and
senior management                                    Remunerations” of this chapter.

Aggregate remuneration payable to Directors,         Remunerations before tax received by Directors,
Supervisors and senior management as of the end of   Supervisors and senior management from the
the Reporting Period                                 Company during the Reporting Period totaled RMB
                                                     45.0132 million, of which a total of RMB 35.2344
                                                     million was for senior executives/executive Directors,
                                                     a total of RMB 8.7788 million was for Supervisors,
                                                     and a total of RMB 1 million was for independent
                                                     non-executive Directors. Please refer to “I. Change
                                                     in Shareholdings and Remunerations” of this
                                                     chapter.




                                                                                         2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                       155
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



IV. Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

 Name                   Position                    Change          Date of Change       Reason

 CHEN Zhigang
                        Non-executive Director      Resigned        May 31, 2019         Resignation
 (陳志剛)
                                                                                         Elected at the
 WANG Wen (王文)          Non-executive Director      Elected         July 11, 2019        shareholders’
                                                                                         meeting

 Wu Guangyan                                                                             Appointed by the
                        Vice president              Appointed       February 15, 2019
 (吳光焰)                                                                                   Board

                                                                                         Appointed by the
 Xie Jijun (謝繼軍)        Vice president              Appointed       March 11, 2019
                                                                                         Board

 XIONG Jiantao                                                                           Appointed by the
                        Chief Information Officer   Appointed       July 22, 2019
 (熊劍濤)                                                                                   Board

                                                                                         Elected at the
 GAO Hong
                        Non-executive Director      Appointed       March 9, 2020        shareholders’
 (高宏)
                                                                                         meeting

     From the beginning of the year to the date of this report, there was no change in the Supervisors of the
Company. For details of changes in Directors and senior management of the Company, please refer to the
relevant announcements published by the Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on February
15, March 13, June 3, June 10, June 28, July 12 and July 22, 2019 and January 15 and March 9, 2020.


V. Major Changes in Respect of Directors and Supervisors

     For details of the changes in appointment of Directors and Supervisors of the Company from 2019 to the
date of this report, please see “II. Positions of Incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management and
Those Resigned during the Reporting Period” in this chapter.
     Save as disclosed above, before the date of this report, there was no other material change in relation
to the Directors and Supervisors that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

156
            Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



VI. Compositions of Special Committees under the Board

     The Board of the Company has currently set up five special committees, namely the Strategy Committee,
the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the
Nomination Committee. The composition of each of the committee is as follows:
     (1)   Strategy Committee comprises of 7 members (temporarily short of one member): HUO Da, XIONG
           Xianliang, XIONG Jiantao, WANG Daxiong, CHEN Zhigang (resigned in June 2019), WANG Wen
           (succeeded in July 2019), XIANG Hua, of which, HUO Da acts as the convener.
     (2)   Risk Management Committee comprises of 7 members: SU Min, SU Jian, XIONG Jiantao, PENG Lei,
           WANG Daxiong, CHEN Zhigang (resigned in June 2019), WANG Wen (succeeded in July 2019),
           XIANG Hua, of which, SU Min acts as the convener.
     (3)   Audit Committee comprises of 5 members: XIAO Houfa, SU Jian, HUANG Jian, HU Honggao,
           WONG Ti (resigned in June 2019, and continued to perform his duties before a new independent
           director took office), of which, XIAO Houfa acts as the convener.
     (4)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee comprises of 5 members: XIANG Hua, SU Min, PENG Lei,
           XIONG Wei, WONG Ti (resigned in June 2019, and continued to perform his duties before a new
           independent director took office), of which, XIANG Hua acts as the convener.
     (5)   Nomination Committee comprises of 5 members (temporarily short of one member): XIONG Wei,
           PENG Lei, XIAO Houfa, HU Honggao, of which, XIONG Wei acts as the convener.
     The Company will fill the vacancies of members of the above special committees as soon as possible.


VII. Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
     of the Company and Its Associated Corporations of the Directors,
     Supervisors and Chief Executives

     As at December 31, 2019, the Company was not aware of any Directors, Supervisors or Chief Executives
having any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its
associated corporations which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they
were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or interests or short positions which would
be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein, or required,
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            157
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



VIII. Employees of the Parent Company and Major Subsidiaries

(I)   Employees


       Number of employees of the Company                                                 8,021

       Number of employees of major subsidiaries                                           704

       Total number of employees                                                          8,725

       Number of resigned and retired employees with expenses borne
                                                                                            54
       by the parent company and major subsidiaries

                                         Classification by business function

       Business function                                                               Number

       Management and administration                                                       328

       Securities and futures brokerage                                                   6,387

       Investment banking                                                                  665

       Investment management                                                               186

       Investment and trading                                                              173

       Research                                                                            193

       Legal and compliance, risk management and internal audit                            157

       IT                                                                                  366

       Finance and accounting                                                              149

       Others                                                                              121

       Total                                                                              8,725

                                       Classification by education background

       Education background                                                     Number (person)

       Doctor                                                                               79

       Master                                                                             2,715

       Bachelor                                                                           4,398

       Below bachelor’s degree                                                            1,533

       Total                                                                              8,725




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

158
            Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



(II)   Remuneration policy

      The general remuneration policy of the Company is formulated by the Board mainly based on the
remuneration of benchmark companies as well as the performance of major indicators of the Company.
The management is responsible for allocating the total remuneration according to the market-oriented and
performance-based principles, which shall consist of competitive fixed remuneration determined based on
the market remuneration data provided by professional management consulting company and the ranking of
the Company among its major competitors, and bonus determined at the discretion of the Chairman and the
President mainly according to the achievement of key performance indicators of each department, strategic
tasks, and objectives in terms of innovation and synergy as well as the market rate.


(III) Training

     According to the reformative strategies and “Five major” core strategies, the Company closely aligned
with the requirements of business development, planned and implemented classified and specific training
programs in three aspects, including profession, management and general training programs, covering all
employees in order to support their growth and enhance the core competitiveness of the Company.


       1.   Profession training was conducted for all employees to raise their profession in securities and
            innovation and reformation capability through 35 sessions of internal themed training covering
            major investment banking, financial technology, procedure reformation, wealth management,
            innovative businesses, technology, marketing and basic skills. In addition, an overseas training
            program to Cambridge University has been launched to focus on developing international vision
            and core competencies of key talents.
       2.   In respect of management training, new and current management members of the senior
            management were provided with three special training sessions, covering financial leadership,
            finance front-line business, reform promotion, digital transformation and economic thinking and
            other knowledge and skills that the management need to tackle and to comprehend under the
            new era. The reserved talents were provided with training camp in order to help improve their
            management awareness and nurture their management capability.
       3.   General training was mainly provided for basic level employees to improve their professionalism
            through various forms of online and offline training programs covering diversified subjects
            including corporate culture, compliance and risk control, rules and systems, business procedures
            and vocational skills through 25 sessions of trainings.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                       159
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



(IV) Outsourced services


       Hours of outsourced services                                                        663,884.23 hours

       Total remuneration paid for outsourced services                                  RMB 40.8567 million



IX. Others

      As of December 31, 2019, the Company entered into the securities agency contracts with 1,810 agents.
     The Company adopted categorized and classified management on its agents. In respect of categorized
management, the headquarters of the Company is responsible for formulating centralized systems and
regulations on the recruitment, remuneration, performance assessment, training, compliance management
and routine code of conduct, while branch companies and branches shall determine their respective systems
on recruitment, profit sharing commission rate, training and assessment of the marketing personnel under
the framework formulated by the Company. In respect of classified management, the Company classifies
its marketing personnel into different grades according to their sales performance, education background,
professional qualifications, compliance with laws and regulations and general qualifications. Marketing
personnel are assigned with different remuneration package and scope of business according to their grades.
In particular, general marketing staff is mainly responsible for soliciting new customers, while those with
exceptional performance and higher qualifications is responsible for serving customers with a specific level of
assets.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

160
                                      Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report


I.    Overview of Corporate Governance

      The Company, being a company listed in Hong Kong and the PRC, manages its operation in strict
compliance with the laws, regulations and regulative documents of the, domestic and overseas, places
where its shares are listed, and strives to protect and enhance its market presence. The Company continues
to improve its corporate governance structure in compliance with the Company Law, Securities Law and
the regulations and requirements of the CSRC, SFC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The corporate
governance of the Company complies with the applicable requirements of the laws and regulations. The
Company has established a corporate governance structure consisting of the shareholders’ general meeting,
the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the management with separate duties and effective checks and
balances in order to maintain regulated corporate governance and operation. The corporate governance
structure is sound and does not deviate from relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities from where
the Company’s shares are listed.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly complied with Corporate Governance Code under
Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and Corporate Governance Report (hereinafter referred to as
the “Code and Report”). The Company satisfied all provisions and substantially all of the recommended best
practices under the Code and Report.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company held, within the year, 5 shareholders’ general meetings to
consider 41 resolutions (double counting for same matters in class shareholders’ meeting and non- class
shareholders’ meeting), among which, one A share class meeting was held to consider 8 resolutions and
one H share class meeting was held to consider 8 resolutions; 13 Board meetings to consider 56 resolutions
and review 7 reports; 18 meetings of committees under the Board to consider 42 resolutions and review 13
reports; as well as nine meetings of the Supervisory Committee to consider 19 resolutions and review four
reports.


(I)   Shareholders and shareholders’ general meetings

       The shareholders’ general meeting is the highest institution of authority of the Company which allows
shareholders to exercise their powers. The Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general meetings in
strict compliance with the relevant rules, including the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures for
General Meetings to ensure all of the shareholders, especially the minority shareholders, are treated fairly to
fully exercise their rights.
     The de facto controller of the Company exercises its rights according to the applicable laws, regulations
and the Articles of Association, and does not interfere directly or indirectly in the decision-making or
operating activities of the Company beyond the authority of the shareholders’ general meeting, occupy the
funds of the Company or request the provision of any guarantee from the Company in favour of itself or
other parties. The controlling shareholder of the Company is not involved in the personnel, assets, finance,
organisations and business of the Company.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           161
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Directors and the Board

      The appointment and replacement of Directors of the Company are in strict compliance with the
Articles of Association, and the number of Directors and composition of the Board fulfil the requirement
of laws and regulations. The Board refines its rules of procedures from time to time and the convention,
holding and voting procedures of the Board meetings are legal and effective. The Board has set up five
committees, including the Strategy Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the Nomination Committee, and formulated rules, clear division
of authorities of each committee, decision procedures and rules of procedures. The Company has set up a
work system of independent directors, which can protect the interests of the Company and shareholders
independently and objectively and ensure effective checks and balances during the decision-making process
of the Board. In addition, the Company has set up a system of secretary to the Board. The Secretary to the
Board is responsible for the preparation of the shareholders’ general meetings, Board meetings and meetings
of committees under the Board, the filing of minutes and documents of the meetings, information disclosure
and management of investor relations.
       The Company believes the diversified composition of the Board is the key factor in achieving its
strategic targets and sustainable development. As such, the Company has formulated the Policy of Diversified
Composition of the Board (《 董事會成員多元化政策》) which provides that the composition of the Board
shall be diversified in terms of gender, age, culture and education background, professional experiences,
skill, knowledge and term of office. The nomination of the members of the Board shall be carried out in
accordance with the principle of merit, and shall fully consider the diversity of the composition of the Board.
The Nomination Committee reports the diversity of the composition of the Board in each annual report. It
is also responsible for supervising the implementation of the Policy of Diversified Composition of the Board,
and review the same when necessary to ensure its effectiveness. The Nomination Committee will discuss any
necessary amendments to the Policy of Diversified Composition of the Board and the proposed amendments
will be considered and approved by the Board.


1.     Composition of the Board

      The Company have a board of directors accountable to the shareholders’ general meeting. According
to the Articles of Association, the Board consists of 15 directors. During the Reporting Period, as one director
resigned in 2018, the Board consists of 14 directors, two of whom are executive Directors, seven of whom
are non-executive Directors and five of whom are independent non-executive Directors. As at the date
of this report, the Board of the Company consists of 15 directors, two of whom are executive Directors,
eight of whom are non-executive Directors and five of whom are independent non-executive Directors. The
Company attaches great importance to Board diversity. The Board of the Company consists of two female
members. In terms of academic qualifications, there are eight members with a master’s degree and three
members with a doctorate degree. In terms of professions, the executive Directors have long been engaged
in the securities industry and have extensive management experience and professional capabilities. The non-
executive Directors have held important positions in companies in the financial, transportation, insurance
and other industries. The independent non-executive Directors have extensive experience in finance,
economics, auditing, law and other fields, thus can provide professional advice to the Company in respect of
different fields. The Directors are elected at shareholders’ general meetings and served for a term of three
years. Directors are eligible for re-elections upon expiry of their terms of office. Independent non-executive
Directors shall not hold office for more than six consecutive years. Please see “I. Change in Shareholdings and
Remunerations” in “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” of this report for
the composition of the Board and the biographies of the Directors of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

162
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



      The Board is in compliance with the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that the board of
directors shall comprise at least three independent non-executive directors, representing at least one-third
of the board of directors. The qualifications of the five independent non-executive Directors of the Company
fully comply with the requirements under Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10(A) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. In
addition, the Company has received annual confirmation letters from each of the independent non-executive
Directors prepared according to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with regard to their independence.
Therefore, the Company confirms that all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have fulfilled
the independence requirement under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


2.   Duties and responsibilities of the Board

      The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and shall be accountable to the shareholders’
general meeting. According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall exercise the following major
functions and powers: to convene shareholders’ general meetings and to report to shareholders’ general
meetings; to implement the resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings; to determine business
operation plans and investment plans of the Company; to formulate annual preliminary and final financial
budgets of the Company; to formulate the profit distribution plans and plans for recovery of losses of the
Company; to formulate proposals of the Company regarding increase or reduction of the registered capital,
issuance of bonds or other securities and listing; to formulate plans for any substantial acquisition by the
Company, repurchase of shares or merger, division, dissolution and change of form of the Company; to
determine the repurchase of the Company’s share in accordance with the circumstances stated in Article
31(III),(V) and (VI) of the Articles of Association; to decide on matters relating to the Company’s external
investments, acquisitions or disposal of assets, mortgage of assets, external guarantees, entrusted wealth
management and connected/related party transactions as authorized by the shareholders’ general meetings;
to decide on the establishment of the Company’s internal management structure; to appoint or dismiss the
Company’s general manager and secretary to the Board; based on the nominations of general manager,
to appoint or dismiss deputy general manager, chief finance officer, chief compliance officer and other
senior management and to determine their remuneration, rewards and penalties; to formulate the basic
management policies of the Company, including the basic compliance management system; to formulate
proposals for any amendments to the Articles of Association; to manage the disclosure of information of
the Company; to propose to shareholders’ general meetings the adjustment of the size and composition of
the Board; to propose to the shareholders’ general meetings the appointment or change of the accounting
firm acting as the auditors of the Company; to listen to the work report of the general manager of the
Company and examine on the general manager’s work; to review compliance reports regularly submitted
by the Company in accordance with regulatory requirements and evaluate the effectiveness of compliance
management of the Company; to ensure the independence of the chief compliance officer, guarantee the
independent communication between the chief compliance officer and the Board and safeguard the smooth
reporting between the chief compliance officer and the regulatory authority; other duties and powers granted
by the laws, administrative rules, departmental regulations and the Articles of Association.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                        163
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

      The appointment and replacement of Supervisors of the Company are in strict compliance with the
Articles of Association, and the number of Supervisors and composition of the Supervisory Committee fulfil
the requirement of laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee shall report to the shareholders’ general
meeting and is accountable to all shareholders. It is responsible for maintaining effective supervision on the
finance of the Company as well as the compliance of duty performance of the Board and management.
The Supervisory Committee shall perform their duties, including attending the meetings of the Supervisory
Committee, observing the meetings of the Board, reporting their work at the shareholders’ general meeting
and submitting the report of the Supervisory Committee, in accordance with the relevant requirements.
     The Supervisory Committee consists of nine Supervisor, including six shareholder representative
Supervisors and three employee representative Supervisors. The shareholder representative Supervisors and
the employee representative Supervisors are democratically elected at the shareholders’ general meetings and
by employee representatives, respectively, for a term of three years and are eligible for re-election upon expiry
of their terms of office. For details of the composition of the Supervisory Committee and the biographies of
the Supervisors, see “I. Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations” in “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors,
Senior Management and Employees” of this report.


(IV) Senior management

      The Company strictly complies with the Articles of Association in relation to the appointment and
replacement of senior management. The senior management of the Company shall be appointed based on
the procedures in compliance with the Company Law and Articles of Association. The general manager of
the Company shall be accountable to the board. The Strategy Execution Committee, the Risk Management
Committee, the IT Management Committee, the Innovative Development Committee, the Product
Committee, Investment Banking Synergy Committee and the Secrecy Committee that are set up under the
Operating Management of the Company to enhance the professionalism, compliance and scientificity of the
decision-making ability of the management.
     According to the Articles of Association, the business management consists of the general manager,
the deputy general managers, the Secretary to the Board, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Compliance
Officer, the Chief Risk Officer and other personnel approved by the resolutions of the Board as senior
management. The general manager is in charge of the business management, and shall be accountable to the
Board and perform the following duties: to be in charge of the operation and management of the Company,
organize the execution of the resolutions of the Board and report his/her work to the Board; to prepare
and implement the annual operation plan and investment plan of the Company; to formulate the internal
management structure of the Company; to formulate the basic management system of the Company; to
formulate rules and regulations for the Company; to propose to the Board the appointment or dismissal of
the deputy general managers, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk Officer and other
senior management (other than the Secretary to the Board); to appoint or dismiss management members
other than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board; to perform other duties delegated by
the Articles of Association or the Board.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

164
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(V) Chairman and general manager

      For the purpose of balancing power and authority, the roles of Chairman and general manager of the
Company shall be separated to enhance the independence of their duties, accountability, balanced division
of power and authority, and to fully exercise the decision makers’ extensive supervision and control over
the executive officers. There is clear division between the roles of Chairman and the general manager.
According to the Articles of Association, the Chairman shall be the legal representative of the Company who
is responsible for managing the operation of the Board to ensure that the Directors act in the best interests
of the Company. The Chairman shall also ensure the effectiveness and the performance of the duties of
the Board, and that the Board discusses all significant and appropriate matters such that the Directors can
obtain accurate, timely and clear information. The general manager shall be in charge of the daily work of
the Company, observe Board meetings, report to the Board, and exercise his power pursuant to the scope of
authorization of the general manager.


(VI) Liability insurances for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company

     As authorized in the sixth extraordinary general meeting of the Company for 2015, the Company has
maintained the liability insurance for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other relevant
personnel. Insurance coverage has been provided for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
Company against potential liabilities to reasonably avoid management and legal risks faced by the Directors,
Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to facilitate the full discharge of duties by the
Directors, Supervisors and senior management.


(VII) Party Committee

      The Company has established a Party Committee. The Party Committee shall perform the leadership
functions to provide directions, manage overall situations and ensure implementation. The Party Committee
consists of one secretary, one vice secretary and other several members. The chairman of the Board of
Directors shall serve as the Party Committee secretary. Eligible Party Committee members may be appointed
as members of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the management team of the
Company through legal procedures, while eligible Party members from the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
Committee and the management team of the Company may be appointed as members of the Party
Committee pursuant to relevant requirements and procedures. The Company has also established a Discipline
Inspection Commission in accordance with relevant regulations. The Company has established the working
organs of the Party, equipped them with sufficient staff to deal with Party affairs and provided them with
sufficient funds to operate the Party organization. The organic combination between the Party’s leadership
and the governance of the Company’s Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and shareholders’
general meeting has promoted the scientific decision-making and high-quality development of the Company.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                        165
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(VIII) Information disclosure and transparency

      The Company has formulated several information disclosure systems, including Information Disclosure
System (《 信 息 披 露 制 度 》), Material Information Internal Report System (《 重 大 信 息 內 部 報 告 制 度 》),
Confidentiality System of Inside Information (《內幕信息保密制度》), Registration System for Persons with
Inside Information (《內幕信息知情人登記制度》), Investor Relations Management System (《投資者關係管理制
度》), Accountability System for Major Mistakes Disclosed in Annual Reports (《年報信息披露重大差錯責任追
究制度》), Annual Report Work System for the Independent Directors (《獨立董事年報工作制度》) and Annual
Report Work Procedures for the Audit Committee Under the Board (《 董事會審計委員會年報工作規程》).
The Secretary to the Board is responsible for the information disclosure and investor relations. The Company
is able to truthfully, accurately, completely and promptly disclose information and ensure all shareholders
can have equal opportunities for obtaining information in accordance with the requirements of the laws,
regulations and the Articles of Association. The Company is also able to disclose the information of the
substantial shareholders and the changes in shareholding according to the related requirements. Other than
the information disclosure channels required by the laws, the Company mainly communicates with investors
by phone, email, internet platform, reception of visitors and participating in investor meetings.


(IX) Stakeholders

     The Company fully respects and protects the rights and interests of the creditors, customers, employees
and other stakeholders. Efforts are also made to ensure the sustainable and healthy development of the
Company in pursuit of a win-win situation between the Company and its stakeholders as well as to maximise
the effectiveness of its social contribution.


II.   Shareholders’ General Meetings

                                                              Inquiry of index of
                                                                                           Date of
                                               Date of        designated website
                     Meeting                                                            Announcement
                                               meeting        for the publication
                                                                                        on Resolutions
                                                                of poll results

       First 2019 Extraordinary General
       Meeting, first 2019 A shareholders
                                            May 20, 2019      SSE website              Passed
       class meeting and first 2019 H
       shareholders class meeting

       2018 Annual General Meeting          June 28, 2019     SSE website              Passed

       Second 2019 Extraordinary             September 9,
                                                              SSE website              Passed
       General Meeting                           2019




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

166
                                                               Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



III. Duty Performance of Directors

(I)    Attendance of Directors at Board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings


                                                                                                                        Attendance of
                                                                                                                        shareholders’
                                                              Attendance of Board meetings
                                                                                                                           general
                     Whether an                                                                                            meeting
  Name of Director   independent   Number of                                                            Whether not     Attendance of
                       Director                                Attendance
                                      Board     Attendance                      Attendance              attending in    shareholders’
                                                                 through                     Absence
                                    meetings     in person                       by proxy              person for two      general
                                                             correspondence                  (times)
                                    requiring      (times)                        (times)               consecutive        meeting
                                                                  (times)
                                   attendance                                                             meetings         (times)
 HUO Da (霍達)         No                   13         12                7                1         0    No                         5
 SU Min (蘇敏)         No                   13         13               10                0         0    No                         5
 SU Jian (粟健)        No                   13         11               11                2         0    No                         4
 XIONG Xianliang
                     No                   13         13               12                0         0    No                         5
 (熊賢良)
 XIONG Jiantao
                     No                   13         13                7                0         0    No                         4
 (熊劍濤)
 PENG Lei (彭磊)       No                   13         13               11                0         0    No                         5
 HUANG Jian (黃堅)     No                   13         12               12                1         0    No                         4
 WANG Daxiong
                     No                   13         13               11                0         0    No                         2
 (王大雄)
 WANG Wen
                     No                    7           7               7                0         0    No                         1
 (王文)
 XIANG Hua
                     Yes                  13         13                9                0         0    No                         5
 (向華)
 XIAO Houfa
                     Yes                  13         13               10                0         0    No                         5
 (肖厚發)
 XIONG Wei (熊偉)      Yes                  13         13               13                0         0    No                         5
 HU Honggao
                     Yes                  13         13               11                0         0    No                         4
 (胡鴻高)
 WONG Ti (汪棣)        Yes                  13         13               10                0         0    No                         2
 CHEN Zhigang
                     No                    5           5               5                0         0    No                         3
 (陳志剛) (resigned)



 Number of Board meetings convened in the year                                                                                    13

 Of which: number of onsite meetings                                                                                                  0

 Number of meetings convened by way of correspondence                                                                                 7

 Number of meetings convened onsite and by way of correspondence                                                                      6


                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                167
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(II)    Convening of Board meetings


                                                                                                                                   Date of
                                   Date of                                                                            Voting
  No.         Meeting                                                     Resolutions                                           announcement
                                   Meeting                                                                            results
                                                                                                                                on resolutions
                                               Resolutions regarding changes in accounting policies of the
         16th meeting of                       Company; appointment of senior management of the Company;
                                February 15,                                                                                    February 15,
   1     the sixth session of                  entering into the securities and financial products, transactions     Passed
                                2019                                                                                            2019
         the Board                             and services framework agreement by the Company and China
                                               Merchants Group Limited for the first half of 2019
                                               Resolution in respect of repurchase of A shares of the Company
                                               by centralized auctions; proposing to the General Meeting of the
                                               Company to authorize the Board to handle all matters relating to
                                               repurchase of A shares; fulfillment of conditions for rights issue;
                                               rights issue of the Company for 2019; proposal of publicly issuing
                                               securities by rights issue of the Company for 2019; feasibility
                                               report on use of fund raised from the rights issue of the Company
         17th meeting of
                                March 12,      in 2019; reminder of the risk of dilution of immediate returns by
   2     the sixth session of                                                                                        Passed     March 12, 2019
                                2019           rights issue to existing shareholders, remedial measures and the
         the Board
                                               relevant parties’ undertaking; proposing to the General Meeting
                                               of the Company to authorize the Board to handle all matters
                                               relating to rights issue; amendment on Articles of Association; use
                                               of proceeds from last share issuance; change of the use of some
                                               proceeds from H shares; amendment on Related Party Transactions
                                               Decision Making Rules of the Company; determination of the date
                                               of shareholders’ meeting
                                               Resolutions regarding the working report of the Board for 2018;
                                               work report of the Audit Committee under the Board for 2018;
                                               2018 operational report of the Company; 2018 annual report;
                                               2018 final financial report; 2019 financial budget report; profit
                                               distribution of the Company for 2018; compliance report of
                                               the Company for 2018; amendment on “Comprehensive Risk
                                               Management System of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.”;
         18th meeting of
                                March 28,      internal control assessment report of the Company for 2018;
   3     the sixth session of                                                                                        Passed     March 28, 2019
                                2019           audit report on internal control of the Company for 2018; social
         the Board
                                               responsibilities report of the Company for 2018; report on the
                                               deposit and usage of proceeds from issuance of H Shares in 2018;
                                               budget for proprietary investment of the Company for 2019;
                                               budget for charity donations of the Company in 2019; appointment
                                               of auditing firm of the Company for 2019; general mandates
                                               for further issuances of A Shares and H Shares of the Company;
                                               convention of 2018 annual general meeting




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

168
                                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                                                                      Date of
                                Date of                                                                               Voting
No.        Meeting                                                       Resolutions                                               announcement
                                Meeting                                                                               results
                                                                                                                                   on resolutions
      19th meeting of
4     the sixth session of   April 25, 2019   First quarterly report of the Company for 2019                         Passed        April 25, 2019
      the Board
                                              Resolutions in respect of entering into the securities and financial
      20th meeting of
                                              products, transactions and services framework agreement as well
5     the sixth session of   May 20, 2019                                                                            Passed        May 21, 2019
                                              as the administrative procurement and property leasing framework
      the Board
                                              agreement by the Company and China Merchants Group Limited
      21st meeting of
6     the sixth session of   June 03, 2019    Resolutions regarding changes in director                              Passed        June 03, 2019
      the Board
                                              Resolutions regarding formulation of “Administrative Measures
      22nd meeting of                         on Anti-money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risk Control”
7     the sixth session of   July 22, 2019    of the Company; appointment of chief information officer of the        Passed        July 22, 2019
      the Board                               Company; convention of second extraordinary general meeting of
                                              the Company for 2019
                                              Resolutions regarding provision of guarantee by China Merchants
      23rd meeting of
                             August 20,       Securities International Company Limited in favour of its wholly-                    August 21,
8     the sixth session of                                                                                           Passed
                             2019             owned subsidiaries; by-election for members of special committees                    2019
      the Board
                                              under the sixth session of the Board
                                              Resolutions regarding 2019 interim operational report of the
      24th meeting of
                             August 28,       Company; 2019 interim report of the Company; report on the                           August 28,
9     the sixth session of                                                                                           Passed
                             2019             deposit and usage of proceeds from issuance of H Shares in half                      2019
      the Board
                                              year of 2019
                                              Resolution regarding the consideration of Employee Stock
                                              Ownership Scheme of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft)
                                              and its summary; the proposing to the General Meeting of the
      25th meeting of
                             October 15,      Company to authorize the Board to handle all matters relating                        October 15,
10    the sixth session of                                                                                           Passed
                             2019             to the Employee Stock Ownership Scheme of the Company;                               2019
      the Board
                                              the nomination of Mr. GAO Hong (高宏) as director candidates;
                                              determination of the date of shareholders’ meeting; budget for
                                              charity donations of the Company for 2019
      26th meeting of
                             October 29,                                                                                           October 29,
11    the sixth session of                    Third quarterly report of the Company for 2019                         Passed
                             2019                                                                                                  2019
      the Board
                                              Resolution regarding the determination of specific placement ratio
      27th meeting of
                             November 04,     and quantity of Rights issue of the Company for 2019; amendment                      November 05,
12    the sixth session of                                                                                           Passed
                             2019             on proposal of publicly issuing securities by rights issue of the                    2019
      the Board
                                              Company for 2019
                                              Resolution regarding early completion of repurchasing A share
      28th meeting of
                             December 24,     of the Company; determination of the price of purchasing                             December 26,
13    the sixth session of                                                                                           Passed
                             2019             repurchased Shares under and the expected scale of the Employee                      2019
      the Board
                                              Stock Ownership Scheme of the Company




                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                169
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Duty performance of independent Directors

     For details of the duty performance of independent Directors of the Company, please see the Annual
Duty Report of Independent Directors of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. for 2019 (《招商證券股份有限
公司獨立董事2019年度述職報告》) published on the SSE website for the same period of this report.


(IV) Implementation of resolutions passed at shareholders’ general meetings by the Board

      1.   On May 20, 2019, the Resolution in respect of Repurchase of A shares of the Company by
           Centralized Auctions was considered and approved in the first 2019 Extraordinary General
           Meeting, first 2019 A shareholders class meeting and first 2019 H shareholders class meeting of
           the Company. The Company completed the repurchase by centralized auctions during November
           8, 2019 to December 19, 2019. A total of 40,020,780 A shares was repurchased, accounting for
           0.5974% of the total share capital of the Company.
      2.   On May 20, 2019, the Resolution in respect of Right Issue for 2019 was considered and approved
           in the first 2019 Extraordinary General Meeting, first 2019 A shareholders class meeting and first
           2019 H shareholders class meeting of the Company. The rights issue of the Company has been
           approved by the SASAC and the rights issue of H shares has been approved by the International
           Department of CSRC. The rights issue of A shares has been accepted by the CSRC, which also
           provided two feedbacks, and the Company have also responded to the feedbacks. For details,
           please see the relevant announcements of the Company dated May 18, 2019, August 31, 2019,
           November 8, 2019 and February 18, 2020. The Company will continue to facilitate the rights issues
           and undertake its obligation of disclosure in the future.
      3.   On June 28, 2019, the Resolution regarding the Profit Distribution of the Company for 2018
           was considered and approved in the 2018 annual general meeting of the Company. The profit
           distribution plan was completed during the Reporting Period.
      4.   On June 28, 2019, the Resolution regarding the Budget for Proprietary Investment the Company for
           2019 was considered and approved in the 2018 annual general meeting of the Company. Pursuant
           to which, during the Reporting Period, the total proprietary amount of equity securities and
           derivatives of the Company did not exceed (real time) 100% of its net capital. The total proprietary
           amount of non-equity securities and derivatives did not exceed (real time) 500% of its net capital.
           The Company’s relevant operational indicators were all kept within the scope of authorization by
           the shareholders’ general meeting during the Reporting Period.
      5.   On June 28, 2019, the Resolution regarding Contemplated Ordinary Related Party Transactions of
           the Company for 2019 was considered and approved in the 2018 annual general meeting of the
           Company. On September 9, 2019, the Resolution in respect of entering into the securities and
           financial products, transactions and services framework agreement by the Company and China
           Merchants Group Limited was considered and approved in the second 2019 Extraordinary General
           Meeting of the Company. For details of the actual implementation of the ordinary related party
           transactions of the Company for 2019 (in accordance with A shares standard), please refer to the
           “Actual amount for previous year” in the Announcement on the Contemplated Ordinary Related
           Party Transactions of the Company for 2020 issued by the Company at the same time with this
           report. Please see “Connected Transactions” in “Chapter 5 Major Events” of 2019 Annual Results
           Announcement issued by the Company at the same time with this report on Hong Kong Stock
           Exchange website for connected transactions under H share standard between the Company, China
           Merchants Group and its associates.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

170
                                                   Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



     6.   On June 28, 2019, the Resolution regarding appointment of Auditing Firm of the Company for
          2019 was considered and approved in the 2018 annual general meeting of the Company. Pursuant
          to which, the Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
          and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditors for the annual report and internal control of the
          Company for 2019.
     7.   On September 9, 2019, the Resolution regarding Provision of Guarantee by China Merchants
          Securities International Company Limited in favour of its wholly-owned subsidiaries was considered
          and approved in the second 2019 Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. Please see
          “Guarantees” in “Chapter 5 Major Events” of this report and announcement of the Company
          on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website dated December 19, 2019 for the guarantee by CMS
          International in favour of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.


1.   Directors’ training

      The Company places high emphasis on the continuous training of the Directors, persistently
improves internal workflow and builds up multi-layers information communication system so as to provide
information security for the duty performance of the Directors, and to ensure that the Directors have proper
understanding of the operation and business of the Company, as well as the duties and responsibilities as
conferred by the CSRC, the SSE, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Articles of Association and relevant
laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, through the “Correspondences to the Directors and
Supervisors” (《董監事通訊》) and the “Weekly Strategic Reports” (《戰略資訊周報》), the Directors actively
participated regular trainings organized by regulatory authority and self-regulatory organizations and the
business studies arranged by the Company to keep abreast of the latest policies and regulations, industry
dynamics and the operation of the Company, update their expertise and skills and further enhance their
performance of obligations.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                       171
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the specific time, means and content of training attended by the Directors
of the Company are as follows:

   Name                 Position                      Time, means and content of training

                                         He had participated a training on the development of
                                         semiconductor industry under a series of scientific topic training
                                         in September 2019; attended a training on biomedical technology
 HUO Da         Chairman of the Board,   and the development of biomedical industry under a series of
 (霍達)           Executive Director       scientific topic training and the tenth session of 2019 training
                                         workshop for Chairman and General Manager of listed companies
                                         in December 2019; read Weekly Strategic Report and the Monthly
                                         Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                         She had joined a salon training regarding industrial and financial
                                         innovation organised by China Merchants Group in October
                                         2019; attended seminars regarding global economic and financial
                                         outlook, new trend in Chinese economic and financial sector and
 SU Min
                Non-executive director   new positioning of Hong Kong organised by the Bank of China
 (蘇敏)
                                         in December 2019; joined “2019 Special Training on Leadership”
                                         organised by the China Merchants Group in December 2019; read
                                         Weekly Strategic Report and the Monthly Correspondences to the
                                         Directors and Supervisors

                                         He had attended the fourth Executive Management Training of
                                         Tsinghua University from September 2019 to November 2019;
 SU Jian                                 joined “2019 Special Training on Leadership” organised by the
                Non-executive director
 (粟健)                                    China Merchants Group in December 2019; read Weekly Strategic
                                         Report and the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
                                         Supervisors

                                         He had joined a salon training regarding industrial and financial
                                         innovation organised by China Merchants Group in October 2019;
 XIONG                                   participated the seventh Special Training Course of 2019 for
 Xianliang      Non-executive director   Directors and Supervisors of Listed Companies within the Territory
 (熊賢良)                                   held by the Beijing Bureau of Chinese Securities Regulatory
                                         Commission in November 2019; read Weekly Strategic Report and
                                         the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                         He had attended the tenth session of training workshop
 XIONG          Executive Director,
                                         for Chairman and General Manager of listed companies in
 Jiantao        President, chief
                                         December 2019; read Weekly Strategic Report and the Monthly
 (熊劍濤)          information officer
                                         Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                         She had participated a senior training course regarding disposal
                                         of distressed assets, market analysis, diversified business model
 PENG Lei                                and interpretation of relevant policies in August 2019; attended a
                Non-executive director
 (彭磊)                                    senior training course regarding all asset management systems in
                                         China in November 2019; read Weekly Strategic Report and the
                                         Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

172
                                                Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




 Name              Position                       Time, means and content of training

HUANG                                He had read Weekly Strategic Report and the Monthly
            Non-executive director
Jian (黃堅)                            Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                     He had attended the online specialized thematic courses
WANG                                 of facilitating high-quality development of state-owned
Daxiong     Non-executive director   enterprise held by China E-learning Academy for Leadership in
(王大雄)                                December 2019; read Weekly Strategic Report and the Monthly
                                     Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                     He attended the third training course for new directors,
                                     supervisors and senior management of insurance institutions in
                                     2018 organized by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
                                     Commission from February to March 2019; joined a training course
                                     for 2019 regarding “economic reform and innovation of China in
                                     new era” for director-general-level cadre of the Central and State
                                     Government in April 2019; participated a senior management
                                     training regarding “Management Policies and Practices for
WANG                                 Insurance Assets and Liabilities” organized by the Insurance Asset
Wen (王      Non-executive director   Management Association of China in August 2019; attended the
文)                                   training course for 2019 regarding the unification of investment
                                     segment and insurance segment organized by the People’s
                                     Insurance Company (Group) of China in November 2019; joined
                                     training regarding management of assets and liabilities organised
                                     by PICC Life, special training on IFRS17 and online specialized
                                     thematic courses of facilitating high-quality development of state-
                                     owned enterprise held by China E-learning Academy for Leadership
                                     in December 2019; read Weekly Strategic Report and the Monthly
                                     Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                     He had participated the Goldman Asia Pacific Conference on
XIANG       Independent non-         global macroeconomic environment in January 2019; read Weekly
Hua (向華)    executive director       Strategic Report and the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors
                                     and Supervisors
                                     He participated a seminar regarding audit quality of accounting
                                     firm held by the Ministry of Finance in August 2019; attended
                                     training workshop regarding internal governance and cultural
                                     development of accountants as well as distance course on integrity
                                     education organised by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public
                                     Accountants in September 2019; joined 2019 audit training for
XIAO
            Independent non-         accounting firms with the qualifications for securities organised
Houfa
            executive director       by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
(肖厚發)
                                     the Accounting Department of the CSRC in December 2019;
                                     participated the seventh session of Tsinghua PBCSF course for
                                     scientific entrepreneur organised by the PBC School of Finance,
                                     Tsinghua University in December 2019; read Weekly Strategic
                                     Report and the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
                                     Supervisors


                                                                                       2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                    173
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




      Name              Position                       Time, means and content of training
                                          He participated a forum regarding digital privacy organised by
                                          Luohan Academy of Alibaba in March 2019; attended the forum
                                          regarding digital economy organised by Luohan Academy of
 XIONG           Independent non-
                                          Alibaba in June 2019; joined Fintech Forum held by the Bank
 Wei (熊偉)        executive director
                                          for International Settlements in September 2019; read Weekly
                                          Strategic Report and the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors
                                          and Supervisors
                                          He attended the 2019 fourth follow-up training seminar for
 HU
                 Independent non-         independent directors of listed companies organised by SSE in
 Honggao
                 executive director       October 2019; read Weekly Strategic Report and the Monthly
 (胡鴻高)
                                          Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
 WONG Ti         Independent non-         He had read Weekly Strategic Report and the Monthly
 (汪棣)            executive director       Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors



2.     Term of office of non-executive Directors

      As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were seven non-executive Directors (SU Min, SU Jian, XIONG
Xianliang, PENG Lei, HUANG Jian, WANG Daxiong, WANG Wen) and five independent non-executive Directors
(XIANG Hua, XIAO Houfa, XIONG Wei, HU Honggao, WONG Ti). For details of their terms of office, see “I.
Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations” in “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and
Employees” of this report.


3.     Diversity policy

(1)    Purpose

       This policy aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

174
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(2)   Statements

      ①    The Board should have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
           the requirements of the business of the Company. It should ensure that changes to its composition
           can be managed without undue disruption. It should include a balanced composition of executive
           and non-executive Directors (including INEDs) so that there is a strong independent element on the
           Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment. Non-executive Directors should be of
           sufficient caliber and number for their views to carry weight.
      ②    When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity in
           terms of, among other things, gender, age, cultural and educational background, races, expertise,
           skills, know-how and length of services. All Board appointments will be based on merits, and
           candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
           diversity on the Board.


(3)   Measurable objectives

      Selection of candidates for Board membership will be based on a range of diversity perspectives,
including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, races, expertise, skills,
knowhow and length of services. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the
selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Board’s composition (including gender, races, age, length
of service) will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report annually (Please see “Composition of the
Board” of this chapter).


(4)   Monitoring and reporting

     The Nomination Committee will disclose the composition of the Board in terms of diversity annually in
the Corporate Governance Report of the Company and monitor the implementation of this policy.


(5)   Review of this policy

      The Nomination Committee will review this policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of this
policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such
revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.


(6)   Disclosure of this policy

      ①    This Policy will be published on the Company’s website for public information.
      ②    A summary of this Policy together with the measurable objectives set for implementing this Policy,
           and the progress made towards achieving those objectives will be disclosed in the annual Corporate
           Governance Report.




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         175
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



4.    Nomination policy

      The Nomination Committee shall study the conditions, selection procedures and term of office of the
directors and senior management of the Company in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the
Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of Association as well as the actual circumstances of the Company,
and submit its decisions to the board of directors for approval.
      Directors and senior management shall be elected through the following procedures:
      (1)   the Nomination Committee shall study the needs of the Company for directors and senior
            management and record the same into written documents;
      (2)   the Nomination Committee may identify to a wide extent the candidates of directors and senior
            management within the Company, its subsidiaries and the talent market;
      (3)   the Nomination Committee shall collect the information about the candidates in respect of
            profession, education, job title, detailed work experience and part-time jobs and record the same
            into written documents;
      (4)   the Nomination Committee shall obtain consent from the candidates on the nomination before
            they are proposed as candidates of directors or senior management;
      (5)   the Nomination Committee shall convene a meeting to examine the qualifications of candidates in
            accordance with the job requirements of directors and senior management;
      (6)   the Nomination Committee shall provide relevant materials of the candidates of director and senior
            management for appointment before such appointment and shall submit its recommendation
            of the removal of directors and senior management in accordance with the procedures of
            shareholders’ meetings and the meetings of the board of directors;
      (7)   the Nomination Committee shall carry out subsequent work based on the decisions and feedbacks
            of the board of directors.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

176
                                                     Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



IV. Significant Opinions and Recommendations Proposed by the Special
    Committees under the Board in Performing Their Duties during the
    Reporting Period, Details Should be Disclosed If There Were Disagreements

     The Company has established five committees under the Board, namely the Strategy Committee, the
Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the
Nomination Committee in accordance with relevant PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of Association and the
corporate governance practice prescribed in the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The committees are accountable to
the Board and perform duties under the authorization of the Board. The decision-making procedures of the
Board are further refined by clear division of duties, powers and responsibilities and high operation efficiency
of the committees. The committees provide advice on the decisions of the Board and have made favourable
contribution when the Board makes major decisions for the Company.
    For details of the composition of the committees as at the end of the Reporting Period, see
“Compositions of Special Committees under the Board” under “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and Employees” of this report.
     During the Reporting Period, the special committees under the Board performed their duties earnestly
and actively put forward various opinions and recommendations on the Company’s risk management, internal
and external audit as well as improvement of internal control. During the Reporting Period, the special
committees under the Board did not have any disagreement.


(I)   Strategy Committee

     The main duties of the Strategy Committee of the Company include analysing, planning and providing
recommendations on the mid- and long-term development strategies of the Company; analysing and giving
suggestions on major investment projects which are required to obtain approval of the Board according to
the Articles of Association; analysing and providing recommendations on major strategic investments decision
and mergers and acquisitions of the Company; analysing and providing recommendations on major strategic
investment decisions and mergers and acquisitions of the Company which are required to obtain approval of
the Board according to the Articles of Association; analysing and providing recommendations on other major
matters affecting the development of the Company; organizing expert review committee(s) for the above
matters; monitoring the implementation of the above matters; and performing other duties as authorized by
the Board.
        During the Reporting Period, the Strategy Committee has not held any meeting as the above matters are
still in the study process.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           177
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(II)    Risk Management Committee

      The main duties of the Risk Management Committee of the Company include reviewing and providing
recommendations on the general goals and basic polices of risk management and compliance management
of the Company; reviewing and discussing with the management on the risk management system of the
Company to ensure that the management has fulfilled its duties and set up an efficient risk management
system; discussing issues such as the adequacy of resources, the experience of employees, the sufficiency
of training programmes for employees and relevant budget in respect of risk management; reviewing and
providing recommendations on the organizational deployment and the duties of risk management and
compliance management of the Company; evaluating and providing recommendations on the risks involved
in major decisions and the proposals in resolving the major risks; reviewing and providing recommendations
on the regular risk evaluation reports, compliance reports and economic capital management proposals;
analysing the results of major investigations and the response of the management on such investigations
in respect of risk management issues on its own or as designated by the Board; and handling other matters
required to be resolved by regulatory authorities or as authorized by the Board.
     During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held a total of four meetings. The Risk
Management Committee gained comprehensive understanding of the risk and compliance situation of the
Company through reviewing its quarterly, interim and annual compliance reports and risk management
reports. It also conducted assessment on the risk profile and risk control capability of the Company on a
regular basis. The cooperation between various departments of the Company, such as compliance and risk
management departments, was enhanced to facilitate the establishment of a comprehensive risk prevention
system of the Company.

  No.          Session             Date                   Proposal                            Report

                                            Risk evaluation report of the
                                            Company for the fourth quarter of
                                            2018; continuous compliance report
                                            on risk control indicators like net
                                            capital of the Company for the end
                                                                                     Responding to the
                                            of 2018; report on risk appetite, risk
         The ninth meeting                                                           questions raised up at the
                                            tolerance and allocation of economic
         of the Risk                                                                 eighth meeting of the Risk
                                            capital of the Company for 2019;
         Management             March 27,                                            Management Committee
   1                                        budget for proprietary investment
         Committee of the       2019                                                 of the sixth session of
                                            of the Company for 2019; report
         sixth session of the                                                        the Board and report on
                                            on all-inclusive budget arrangement
         Board                                                                       relevant situation of Hong
                                            for proprietary investment of the
                                                                                     Kong subsidiaries
                                            Company for 2019; amendment on
                                            comprehensive risk management
                                            system of China Merchants Securities
                                            Co., Ltd.; compliance report of the
                                            Company for 2018.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

178
                                                      Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




 No.         Session            Date                      Proposal                              Report

                                           Resolutions regarding amendment             Responding to the
                                           on risk appetite, risk tolerance and        questions raised up at the
                                           allocation of economic capital of           ninth meeting of the Risk
       The tenth meeting
                                           China Merchants Securities for 2019         Management Committee
       of the Risk
                                           and formulation of risk appetite            of the sixth session of
       Management             June 12,
  2                                        statement of China Merchants                the Board and report on
       Committee of the       2019
                                           Securities; risk evaluation report of the   disciplinary actions taken
       sixth session of the
                                           Company for the first quarter of 2019;      against CMS by the SFC due
       Board
                                           Compliance management report of             to China Metal Recycling
                                           the Company for the first quarter of        project and mishandling of
                                           2019.                                       client money

       The eleventh
       meeting of the                      Risk evaluation report of the Company
       Risk Management        August 27,   for the second quarter of 2019;
  3                                                                                    —
       Committee of the       2019         compliance report of the Company for
       sixth session of the                the second quarter of 2019.
       Board
       The twelfth
       meeting of the                      Risk evaluation report of the Company
       Risk Management        November     for the third quarter of 2019;
  4                                                                                    —
       Committee of the       26, 2019     compliance report of the Company for
       sixth session of the                the third quarter of 2019.
       Board

     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Risk Management Committee is as
follows:

                                                                           Number of meetings attended/
 No.                               Name
                                                                             Number of meetings held
   1    SU Min (蘇敏) (Convener)                                                                              4/4
   2    SU Jian (粟健)                                                                                        4/4
   3    XIONG Jiantao (熊劍濤)                                                                                 4/4
   4    PENG Lei (彭磊)                                                                                       4/4
   5    WANG Daxiong (王大雄)                                                                                  4/4
   6    CHEN Zhigang (陳志剛) (resigned in June 2019)                                                          1/1
   7    XIANG Hua (向華)                                                                                      4/4
   8    WANG Wen (王文) (becoming a member since July 2019)                                                   2/2




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             179
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Audit Committee

      The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Company include providing recommendations on
engaging or changing external auditors, supervising and assessing the performance of external auditors;
guiding internal auditing and supervising the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation;
coordinating the communication of the management, internal auditors and relevant departments with
the external auditors, and performing the role as a major representative of the Company to liaise with the
external auditors and supervise their relationships; supervising the internal control procedures and assessing
their effectiveness; reviewing the internal control of the Company and conducting daily monitoring and
examination of the responsible parties. The Audit Committee shall also be responsible for conducting prior
guidance, supervision throughout the whole process and subsequent review on the responsible parties of the
Company to strengthen the internal control system; and supervising and reviewing the performance, incidents
and implementation regarding compliance and risk control obligations of all departments and positions
on a daily basis and report to the Board regularly. The Audit Committee shall be responsible for keeping
track of the performance of compliance obligations of the senior management through regular meetings
with the compliance officers and other efficient methods; overseeing the financial reporting system of the
Company, reviewing its financial reports and giving opinions thereon; conducting audit on major related party
transactions; and ensuring and reviewing the arrangements of the Company which enable its employees to
be the whistle-blower in the event of any possible misconduct in financial reporting, internal control or other
aspects of the Company. The Audit Committee shall be responsible for ensuring that proper arrangements are
made for the Company to conduct fair and independent investigation on such matters and take appropriate
actions; dealing with other matters as delegated by the Board; considering other topics as identified by the
Board; and performing other duties required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where
the Company is listed.
      During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held a total of seven meetings. The Audit Committee
convened meetings, considered and made decisions on the relevant issues pursuant to the Working Rules of
the Audit Committee of the Board (《董事會審計委員會工作規則》) of the Company so as to enhance work
efficiency and reasonable decision-making. In accordance with the Annual Report Work Procedures for the
Audit Committee under the Board (《董事會審計委員會年報工作規程》), the Audit Committee performed its
duties in a prudent manner by participating in the preparation of the annual financial report, auditing and
disclosure. It also strived to uphold its audit independence. Its audit quality was also enhanced to safeguard
the interests of the Company and shareholders as a whole.
     In accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, the Audit Committee and its
members fully discharged its audit and supervision obligations. Its diligent efforts were indispensable to the
optimization of the corporate governance structure and the audit quality.
      After carrying out prudent audit and supervision on the financial position of the Company and reviewing
the financial statement prepared by the Company, the Audit Committee believes that the Company has a
stable financial system and satisfactory financial position. In addition, the Board is satisfied with the adequacy
of resources, staff qualification and experience for performing accounting and financial functions as well as
the sufficiency of staff training and relevant budget after conducting reviews through the Audit Committee.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

180
                                                          Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




No.             Session                 Date                               Proposal                                 Report
                                                   Changes in accounting policies; entering into the
       The tenth meeting of the
                                    February 15,   securities and financial products, transactions and
1      Audit Committee of the                                                                                   —
                                    2019           services framework agreement by the Company and
       sixth session of the board
                                                   China Merchants Group Limited for the first half of 2019
                                                   Final financial report of the Company for 2018; 2018
                                                   report on deposit and use of proceeds from issuance of
                                                   H Shares; appointment of auditing firm for 2019; the
                                                   contemplated ordinary related party transactions of the      Audit work for
       The eleventh meeting of
                                    March 27,      Company for 2019; 2018 work performance report of            the 2018 annual
2      the Audit Committee of the
                                    2019           Audit Committee of the Board; 2018 internal audit report     report of the
       sixth session of the board
                                                   and 2019 internal audit program of the Company; 2018         Company
                                                   internal control assessment report of the Company; 2018
                                                   Audit Report of the Company; 2018 audit report on
                                                   internal control of the Company
       The twelfth meeting of the
                                    April 25,
3      Audit Committee of the                      First quarterly report of the Company for 2019               —
                                    2019
       sixth session of the board
                                                   Entering into the securities and financial products,
       The thirteenth meeting of                   transactions and services framework agreement as well
4      the Audit Committee of the   May 21, 2019   as the administrative procurement and property leasing       —
       sixth session of the board                  framework agreement by the Company and China
                                                   Merchants Group Limited
                                                   2019 interim internal audit report of the Company, 2019
       The fourteenth meeting of
                                    August 27,     interim financial report of A Share and the interim review
5      the Audit Committee of the                                                                               —
                                    2019           report of H Share of the Company, 2019 interim report
       sixth session of the board
                                                   on deposit and use of proceeds from issuance of H Shares
       The fifteenth meeting of
                                    September 3,
6      the Audit Committee of the                  2019 self-assessment program on internal control             —
                                    2019
       sixth session of the board
       The sixteenth meeting of                                                                                 2019 Working
                                    October 29,    2019 third quarterly report of the Company, 2019 third
7      the Audit Committee of the                                                                               schedule on
                                    2019           quarterly internal audit report of the Company
       sixth session of the board                                                                               audit

      During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Audit Committee is as follows:

                                                                                  Number of meetings attended/
No.                                   Name
                                                                                    Number of meetings held

 1       XIAO Houfa (肖厚發) (Convener)                                                                                     7/7
 2       SU Jian (粟健)                                                                                                    7/7
 3       HUANG Jian (黃堅)                                                                                                 7/7
 4       HU Honggao (胡鴻高)                                                                                                7/7
 5       WONG Ti (汪棣)                                                                                                    7/7



                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                             181
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(IV) Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

      The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee include: considering, reviewing and
providing recommendations on the remuneration policy, standard and proposal of the Directors and senior
management of the Company with reference to the principal scope of authorization, duties and importance
of the Directors and senior management as well as the remuneration package for similar positions of
comparable companies; making recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration policy and
structure of the Directors and senior management of the Company and the formulation of official and
transparent procedures for determining the remuneration policy. The remuneration standard and proposal
include but are not limited to appraisal standard and procedures, major evaluation system, reward and
penalty proposals and systems. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is also responsible for reviewing
and approving the remuneration proposal for the management in accordance with the corporate missions
and targets determined by the Board; reviewing the overall remuneration policy of the Company and the
total amount of annual remuneration and examining the remuneration policy and the execution of annual
remuneration; making recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of executive Directors and senior
management (including salary, pension and compensation (including the compensation as to the loss or
termination of office or appointment)), as well as the remuneration of non-executive Directors; considering
salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions
of other positions of the Company; reviewing and approving compensation payable to Executive Directors
and senior management for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent
with the terms of the employment contracts or is otherwise fair and reasonable; reviewing and approving
compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they
are consistent with the terms of the employment contracts or are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;
ensuring that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration; examining
the appraisal standards of the Directors and senior management of the Company; reviewing and examining
the performance of the duties of the Directors and senior management, conducting annual performance
assessment and providing recommendations; overseeing the implementation of remuneration system of the
Company; performing other duties as authorized by the Board; and performing other duties as required by the
listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the Company is listed.
    During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held a total of three meetings,
at which review and appraisal on the performance of the senior management, special assessment on the
compliance of the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company, and review on the remunerations of senior
management were carried out.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

182
                                                  Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




  No.       Session           Date                Proposal                          Report

                                                                       Work debriefing of seven senior
                                                                       management members, HUO Da
                                                                       (霍達) (the Chairman), XIONG
        The seventh
                                                                       Jiantao (熊劍濤) (President),
        meeting of the
                                                                       DENG Xiaoli (鄧曉力) (Vice
        Remuneration                     2018 assessment report on
                            March 27,                                  President), LI Zongjun (李宗軍)
   1    and Appraisal                    compliance officer of the
                            2019                                       (Vice President), WU Huifeng
        Committee of                     Company
                                                                       (吳慧峰) (Vice President and
        the sixth session
                                                                       Secretary to the Board), ZHAO
        of the Board
                                                                       Bin (趙斌) (Vice President) and
                                                                       HU Yu (胡宇) (Chief Compliance
                                                                       Officer)

        The eighth
        meeting of the
        Remuneration                     Remuneration adjustment of
                            May 17,
   2    and Appraisal                    several senior management     —
                            2019
        Committee of                     of the Company
        the sixth session
        of the Board

        T h e n i n t h                  2017 total remuneration of
        meeting of the                   the senior management of
        Remuneration                     the Company; distribution
                            September
   3    and Appraisal                    of innovative incentives      —
                            26, 2019
        Committee of                     and talent award to the
        the sixth session                senior management of the
        of the Board                     Company

      During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
is as follows:

                                                                    Number of meetings attended/
  No.                            Name
                                                                      Number of meetings held

   1    XIANG Hua (向華) (Convener)                                                                 3/3

   2    SU Min (蘇敏)                                                                               3/3

   3    PENG Lei (彭磊)                                                                             3/3

   4    XIONG Wei (熊偉)                                                                            3/3

   5    WONG Ti (汪棣)                                                                              3/3




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                    183
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(V) Nomination Committee

      The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Company include: reviewing the structure,
number of members and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
once a year and making recommendations to any intended change to the Board in line with the strategies
of the Company; making recommendations to the Board as to its scale and composition based on the
business operations, asset scale and share structure of the Company; considering and formulating criteria
and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management to be approved by the Board; identifying
qualified candidates for Directors and senior management and giving opinions to the Board; assessing the
independence of independent non-executive Directors; reviewing and providing recommendations on the
appointment and dismissal of Directors and senior management; making recommendations to the Board
on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors, as well as the succession plan of Directors (particularly
the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer); performing other duties as authorized by the Board; and
performing other duties as required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the
Company is listed.
       During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held a total of four meetings.

  No.             Session                 Date                  Resolution                       Report

          The fourth meeting
                                                   Nomination of senior management for
          of the Nomination            February
   1                                               the Company (WU Guangyan (吳光焰),           —
          Committee of the sixth       15, 2019
                                                   Xie Jijun (謝繼軍))
          session of the Board

          The fifth meeting
          of the Nomination            June 3,
   2                                               Change of director (WANG Wen (王文))        —
          Committee of the sixth       2019
          session of the Board

          The sixth meeting
          of the Nomination            July 22,    Nomination of chief information officer
   3                                                                                         —
          Committee of the sixth       2019        (XIONG Jiantao (熊劍濤))
          session of the Board

          The seventh meeting
          of the Nomination            September   Nomination of candidates of board of
   4                                                                                         —
          Committee of the sixth       30, 2019    directors (GAO Hong (高宏))
          session of the Board

       During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Nomination Committee is as follows:

                                                                        Number of meetings attended/
  No.                                  Name
                                                                          Number of meetings held

   1      XIONG Wei (熊偉) (Convener)                                                                   4/4

   2      PENG Lei (彭磊)                                                                               4/4

   3      XIAO Houfa (肖厚發)                                                                            4/4

   4      HU Honggao (胡鴻高)                                                                            4/4



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

184
                                                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



V. Duty Performance of Supervisors

      During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company fully performed its duties in
corporate governance in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law and
Securities Law and the related provisions regarding the responsibilities of the Supervisory Committee in the
Articles of Association. The Supervisory Committee supervised the Board and senior management in respect of
their implementation of resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings, inspected the daily operation and
financial position of the Company, monitored the risk control and compliance of the Company, conducted
investigations and researches on frontline staff, actively provided advices and safeguarded the legal interests
of the Company, its shareholders and all investors and ensured regulated operation of the Company.


(I)      Participation of Supervisors in the Supervisory Committee meetings and shareholders’ general
         meetings


                                                                                                                                                           Attendance of
                                                                             Attendance of meetings of the Supervisory Committee                            shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                          general meetings
       Name of                                      Number of                                                                             Whether not
                              Position
      Supervisor                                    meetings of                         Attendance                                         attending in    Attendance of
                                                                    Attendance in                         Attendance by
                                                  the Supervisory                         through                              Absence    person in two    shareholders’
                                                                       person                                 proxy
                                                  Committee held                      correspondence                                       consecutive    general meeting
                                                  during the year                                                                           meetings

 ZHOU Linda Lei     Chairman of the Supervisory
                                                             9               9                   7                 0                0    No                           5
 (周語菡)              Committee

                    Shareholder Representative
 LI Xiaofei (李曉霏)                                            9               9                   9                 0                0    No                           2
                    Supervisor

 WANG Zhangwei      Shareholder Representative
                                                             9               9                   8                 0                0    No                           4
 (王章為)              Supervisor

 MA Yunchun         Shareholder Representative
                                                             9               9                   7                 0                0    No                           5
 (馬蘊春)              Supervisor

 FANG Xiaobing      Shareholder Representative
                                                             9               9                   7                 0                0    No                           4
 (房小兵)              Supervisor

 ZHANG Zehong       Shareholder Representative
                                                             9               9                   7                 0                0    No                           4
 (張澤宏)              Supervisor

 YIN Hongyan        Employee Representative
                                                             9               9                   7                 0                0    No                           5
 (尹虹艶)              Supervisor

                    Employee Representative
 HE Min (何敏)                                                 9               9                   6                 0                0    No                           5
                    Supervisor

 XIONG Zhigang      Employee Representative
                                                             9               8                   6                 1                0    No                           5
 (熊志鋼)              Supervisor



 Number of meetings of the Supervisory Committee convened                                                                                                                 9
 Of which: Number of onsite meetings                                                                                                                                      0
 Number of meetings convened by way of correspondence                                                                                                                     6
 Number of meetings convened onsite and by way of correspondence                                                                                                          3



                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                    185
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(II)    Convening of the meetings of the Supervisory Committee

     In 2019, the Supervisory Committee convened a total of nine meetings, details of which are set out as
follows:

                                                                                                                                                 Date of
                                       Date of                                                                                      Voting    Announcement
  No.            Session                                                             Proposal
                                       meeting                                                                                      results       on the
                                                                                                                                                resolution

         The ninth meeting of
                                    February 15,
   1     the sixth session of the                     Changes in accounting policies of the Company                              Passed       —
                                    2019
         Supervisory Committee

         The tenth meeting of
                                                      Audit report in respect of the resignation of Mr. SUN Yizheng (孫議政),
   2     the sixth session of the   March 4, 2019                                                                                Passed       March 5, 2019
                                                      the former Vice President of the Company
         Supervisory Committee

         The eleventh meeting of
                                                      Use of proceeds from last share issuance of the Company and change of
   3     the sixth session of the   March 12, 2019                                                                               Passed       March 13, 2019
                                                      the use of some proceeds from H shares
         Supervisory Committee

                                                      Work report of the Supervisory Committee of the Company for 2018;
                                                      annual report of the Company for 2018; 2018 operational report of
         The twelfth meeting of                       the Company; internal control assessment report of the Company for
   4     the sixth session of the   March 27, 2019    2018; compliance report of the Company for 2018; social responsibilities   Passed       March 29, 2019
         Supervisory Committee                        report of the Company for 2018; report on the deposit and usage of
                                                      proceeds from issuance of H Shares in 2018; assessment report on the
                                                      effectiveness of the Company’s compliance management for 2018

         The thirteenth meeting
         of the sixth session
   5                                April 25, 2019    The First quarterly report of the Company for 2019                         Passed       —
         of the Supervisory
         Committee

         The fourteenth meeting
                                                      2019 Interim report of the Company; 2019 interim operational report of
         of the sixth session
   6                                August 27, 2019   the Company; 2019 interim report on the deposit and use of proceeds        Passed       August 29, 2019
         of the Supervisory
                                                      from issuance of H Shares
         Committee

         The fifteenth meeting of
                                    October 15,       Proposal and summary of Employee Stock Ownership Scheme of the                          October 16,
   7     the sixth session of the                                                                                                Passed
                                    2019              Company                                                                                 2019
         Supervisory Committee

         The sixteenth meeting
         of the sixth session       October 29,
   8                                                  The third quarterly report of the Company for 2019                         Passed       —
         of the Supervisory         2019
         Committee

         The seventeenth
                                                      Determine the price of purchasing repurchased Shares under and
         meeting of the             December 26,                                                                                              December 27,
   9                                                  the expected scale of the Employee Stock Ownership Scheme of the           Passed
         sixth session of the       2019                                                                                                      2019
                                                      Company
         Supervisory Committee

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

186
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Supervision and inspection by the Supervisory Committee

      In 2019, the Supervisory Committee of the Company fully performed its duties in corporate governance
in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law and Securities Law and the
related provisions regarding the responsibilities of the Supervisory Committee in the Articles of Association.
The Supervisory Committee supervised the Board and senior management in respect of their implementation
of resolutions of the general meetings, inspected the daily operation and financial position of the Company,
monitored the risk control and compliance of the Company and conducted investigations and researches on
frontline staff, actively provided advices and safeguard the legal interests of the Company, its shareholders
and all investors and ensure regulated operation of the Company. The major supervision and inspection works
are as follows:


1.   Completing assessment on the effectiveness of the Company’s compliance management in
     2018 and formulating the work plan for 2019

      The Supervisory Committee engaged Grant Thornton (“Grant Thornton”) to conduct an assessment on
the effectiveness of the Company’s compliance management in 2018. According to the Assessment Report
on the Effectiveness of the Compliance Management of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. in 2018 (《招
商證券股份有限公司2018年度合規管理有效性評估報告》) issued by Grant Thornton, it is concluded that the
Company has developed and effectively implemented corresponding management systems for the businesses
and issues subject to assessment during the Reporting Period, and its targets for compliance management
were generally fulfilled. There was no material compliance risk found in all aspects. The above report was
delivered to and filed with the CSRC Shenzhen Office upon the approval of the twelfth meeting of the sixth
session of the Supervisory Committee.
     The Company engaged Grant Thornton by means of quotation for the assessment on the effectiveness
of the Company’s compliance management in 2019.


2.   Business investigations and assessments

     The Supervisory Committee conducted one assessment on the business departments during the year:
      Assessments were conducted by the Supervisory Committee on the operation of the business branches
in Ningbo, Zhejiang in November 2019. The business branches debriefed their overall business operation to
the Supervisory Committee. The supervisors had thorough communications and discussions with the frontline
staff of the business branches, and had provided specific advices or suggestions on various aspects such as
team building, expansion of integrated operation projects, transformation of wealth management business,
synergic selling of asset management product with wealth management product, adjustment in ranking, etc..


3.   Completion of the audit work in respect of resignation of Mr. SUN Yizheng (孫議政 ), the former
     Vice President of the Company

     The Company engaged SHINEWING by way of quotation and procurement to conduct a departure audit
of Mr. SUN Yizheng (孫議政), the former Vice President of the Company. The audit report was filed with CSRC
Shenzhen Office upon the approval by the tenth meeting of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         187
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



4.    Completion of the performance appraisals on the Directors, senior management and
      Supervisors of the Company in 2018

(IV) Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee

      In 2019, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law and Securities
Law and the relevant requirements of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Committee duly performed
its duties with an aim to protect the interests of the Company and all shareholders. The Supervisory
Committee supervised and inspected the legal operation, major decisions and financial conditions as well as
related party transactions of the Company, and provided the following independent opinions:


1.    Legal operation of the Company

      In 2019, the Board and the management of the Company were able to operate legally in accordance
with the Company Law, Securities Law, Articles of Association, and other applicable laws, regulations
and rules. In 2019, as an A+H listed Company, the Company was able to maintain regulated operation in
respect of corporate governance, information disclosure and investor relations by adhering to the regulatory
policies in both the Mainland China and Hong Kong. The major operational decision-making procedures
of the Company were lawful and effective. The Company has continuously improved its risk management,
compliance management and internal control systems. All internal management systems were effectively
implemented. The Supervisory Committee has not identified any behaviour of the Directors and senior
management during their performance of duties that violated the relevant laws, regulations and the Articles
of Association or was detrimental to the interests of the Shareholders and the Company.


2.    Inspection of the financial position of the Company

     In 2019, the Supervisory Committee duly reviewed the financial statements and financial information of
the Company. The Supervisory Committee was of the view that the preparation of the financial statements of
the Company was in compliance with the relevant requirements of the Accounting Standards for Enterprises
and IFRSs. The 2019 financial statements of the Company were able to reflect the financial position, results of
operation and cash flows of the Company. The audit opinions contained in the standard unqualified auditor’s
report issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu were objective and fair.


3.    Examination of the implementation of resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings

      In 2019, the Supervisory Committee monitored the implementation of resolutions of the shareholders’
general meetings. The Supervisory Committee was of the view that the Board was able to duly enforce the
resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings and had no such behaviours that were detrimental to the
interests of shareholders, in particular the minority shareholders.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

188
                                                     Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



4.   Related party transactions

      In 2019, the review, voting, disclosure and implementation of the relevant related party transactions of
the Company were in compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and the provisions and requirements of
the internal management systems of the Company. The pricing of such transactions was fair and reasonable.
The Supervisory Committee has not identified any circumstances that were detrimental to the interests of the
Company.


5.   Review of relevant reports

     The Supervisory Committee reviewed the 2019 Annual Report of the Company (《公司2019年度報告》),
2019 Operational Report of the Company (《公司2019年度經營工作報告》), Report on the Deposit and Use of
Proceeds from the Offering of H Shares of the Company in 2019 (《公司2019年度H股募集資金存放與使用情
況報告》), Internal Control Assessment Report of the Company for 2019 (《公司2019年度內部控制評價報告》),
Compliance Report of the Company for 2019 (《公司2019年度合規報告》) and Social Responsibility Report of
the Company for 2019 (《公司2019年度社會責任報告》), and had no objection to such reports.


6.   Enforcement of the registration and management system for inside information holders

      In 2019, the Supervisory Committee supervised the enforcement of the Registration System for Persons
with Inside Information. The Supervisory Committee was of the view that the Company has formulated the
Registration System for Persons with Inside Information of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股
份有限公司內幕信息知情人登記制度》) in accordance with the Regulation on the Establishment of Registration
System for Persons with Inside Information by Listed Companies (《關於上市公司建立內幕信息知情人登記管理
制度的規定》), relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association. The Supervisory Committee has
not identified any violation of such policy.


7.   Performance evaluation on Directors and management team of the Company

     The Supervisory Committee of the Company convened the 18th meeting of the sixth session on March
26, 2020 to assess the performance evaluation of all Directors and senior management of the Company in
2019.
     The content of the performance evaluation of the Directors by the Supervisory Committee included
attendance of meetings, making recommendation, participating trainings, maintaining the business
confidentiality of the Company, faithfully reporting connected transactions and timely declaring
shareholdings of the Company, etc. The Supervisors at the meeting concurred that in 2019 all the Directors of
the Company performed their duties thoroughly and diligently, seriously attended Board meetings and special
committee meetings as well as actively providing advices and propositions, paid close attention to the business
and compliance operation of the Company, keeping business confidentiality of the Company and faithful
declaration of conditions of connected transactions, so that quality professional opinions and suggestions
were provided to the board of directors of the Company for decision making




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          189
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



     The content of the performance evaluation of the Supervisory Committees of the management team
of the Company included attendance of meetings, respective management of various business segments,
commitments to the corporate strategy, compliance management, integrity and self-discipline. The
Supervisors at the meeting concurred that the entire senior managements had guided all staff of the Company
to actively implement the corporate strategy, the Company had attained better business performance and
continued to maintain steady compliance operations in 2019. There was no significant event regarding risk
compliance throughout the year while losses of various kinds of risk maintained at a relatively low level,
and therefore, the “AA” grade of Type A regulatory rating was maintained for 12th consecutive years. The
Supervisory Committee had high accreditation to the performance of the Directors and senior managements
of the Company during 2019.
     During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee had no objections to the matters under
supervision.


VI. Appraisal System of Senior Management and the Establishment and
    Implementation of Incentive Mechanism during the Reporting Period

      The remuneration of the senior management of the Company is determined based on their position
and performance. An annual performance bonus incentives system has been set up under the current
management framework, and the payment of performance-based bonus is determined by the Board with
reference to the operating results of the Company. The Chairman and senior management of the Company
are entitled to individual performance bonus based on the annual appraisal results. The distribution proposal
shall be confirmed after the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board issues written opinions
thereon.


VII. Remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

     For the remunerations of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company, please
see “I. Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations” under “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and Employees” of this report.


VIII. Disclosure of Self-Assessment Report of Internal Control

      For details of the self-assessment report of internal control of the Company, please refer to the 2019
Internal Control Assessment Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd (《招商證券股份有限公司2019年度
內部控制評價報告》) which will be published on the SSE website on the same date of this report.


IX. Relevant Issues Based on the Audit Report on Internal Control

     For details of the audit report on internal control of the Company, please refer to the 2019 Audit Report
on Internal Control of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司2019年度內部控制審計
報告》) which will be published on the SSE website on the same date of this report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

190
                                                      Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



X. Responsibility Statement on Internal Control and Development of Internal
   Control System

(I)    Responsibility statement on internal control

      The Board of the Company shall be responsible for establishing appropriate and effective internal
control based on the regulations of corporate internal control system, assessing its effectiveness and truthfully
disclosing the internal control assessment report. The Supervisory Committee shall supervise the internal
control established and implemented by the Board. The operation management shall be responsible for
coordinating and guiding the daily operation of internal control of the Company.
      Internal control of the Company is designed to reasonably ensure the lawful operation and management,
security of assets and the authenticity and completeness of financial reports and relevant information, and
to improve the efficiency and results of operation so as to realise the development strategy. Due to inherit
limitations, internal control of the Company may only provide reasonable assurance for the above objectives.
In addition, due to changes of conditions, internal control may become inappropriate or the control policies
and procedures are less abided, the forecast on the effectiveness of future internal control based on the
internal control assessment results is subject to certain risks.
      Based on the assessment on the internal control of the Company, the Board believes that the Company
has maintained an effective internal control on financial reporting in all material aspects pursuant to the
regulations of corporate internal control system and relevant requirement. As of the date of internal control
assessment report (December 31, 2019), the Company was not aware of any material deficiency in the
internal control for financial reporting and non-financial reporting aspects.


(II)   Basis for development of internal control for financial reporting

     Pursuant to the General Regulations for Corporate Internal Control (《 企業內部控制基本規範》) and
Supplementary Guidelines for Corporate Internal Control (《企業內部控制配套指引》) jointly issued by the
Ministry of Finance of the PRC, CSRC, the National Audit Office, and China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
Commission (formerly known as China Banking Regulatory Commission and China Insurance Regulatory
Commission), the Guidelines for the Internal Control of Securities Companies (《 證券公司內部控制指引》)
issued by the CSRC and the Guidelines for Internal Control of Listed Companies on the SSE (《上交所上市公司
內部控制指引》) issued by the SSE, the Company has set up an appropriate and effective internal control for
financial reporting based on its actual condition.


(III) Development of internal control system

      The Company is committed to further improving the internal regulations, rules and management
systems. According to the corporate governance requirement, the Company has refined the top-down
systems to strengthen control over all business lines and management procedures. A series of comprehensive
internal control systems is implemented effectively. In the future, the Company will continue to promote its
internal control throughout the whole process of operation and development, and ensure the sustainable and
sound growth of the Company by improving and strengthening the implementation of systems with effective
supervision and evaluation.




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            191
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



XI. Development of Compliance Management System of the Company

(I)    Development of compliance management system of the Company

      In 2019, under its five-level compliance management structure comprising the Board, Senior
Management, Chief Compliance Officer, Legal and Compliance Department, and other departments,
branches and subsidiaries at all levels, and the three-line of compliance management framework consisting
of the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board and management, the Company duly performed its
compliance management duties and maintained proper compliance level. The Company fully promoted
the implementation of New Regulations on Compliance Management by interpreting the new regulations,
formulating plans of implementation, sorting out and publishing various business compliance flowcharts
and compliance control points, defining assessment points, conducting training for compliance officer and
implementing compliance check pursuant to requirements of New Regulations on Compliance Management
and the de facto situation of the Company. Meanwhile, the Company actively organized the relevant
departments to timely formulate internal rules and regulations, embedded the new regulations into various
business processes and sessions, and reviewed more than 100 new or revised internal laws and regulations
throughout the year, so as to ensure the implementation of requirements of various new regulations and
effectively enhance the Company’s internal control management. It revised several compliance management
policies, namely “Management Measures of Compliance Consultation and Review”, “Management Measures
of Compliance Warning and Report”, “Management Measures of Compliance Risk Disposal”, “Measures
for Managing the Eligibility of Investors”, “The Policy on Managing Rules and Regulations”, continuously
improved the compliance management system, fully implemented the “Management Measures of Subsidiaries
for Compliance”, comprehensively standardized the principle of compliance management, the procedures
and the responsibilities of each responsible entity, strictly implemented the “Accountability Regulations” and
“Rules on Accountability Management” applicable to major and important violations and general violations,
and established a sound compliance accountability system.


(II)   Compliance check during the Reporting Period

      In 2019, the Company stepped up its compliance check by carrying out routine inspections and risk
incidents triggering tests, and expanding the scope of its preventive compliance inspection to all business
lines. In particular, the Company carried out preventive inspections which focused on high-risk areas, new
businesses and major regulatory concerns, and timely identified and controlled the potential compliance
risk and overall improvement. A total of 41 compliance inspections were carried out throughout the year. In
respect of the problems identified by compliance check and suggestions for rectification, the adoption rate
was 100%, and this ensured smooth execution of the business regulations.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

192
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



XII. Progress of Audit

     During the Reporting Period, the supervision of the audit department actively implemented and
promoted the “reform strategies” of the Company, continued to execute the transformation to dual emphasis
on “risk prevention” and “value adding”, focused on consolidating the three goals of “tightening the
control of the institutional system and operation mechanism”, “deepening the inspection of violations and
potential risks”, “forwarding proposals and making decisions to improve operational efficiency”, thereby fully
achieving “Quality and Efficiency Improvement” in business and management.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company completed a total of 140 audit items of various types,
in which 27 were related to audit of the business or management of the headquarters and subsidiaries,
comprehensively covering the securities research business, IPO business, bond financing and issue business,
securities investment business, asset management structured finance business (subsidiary), private equity
business (subsidiary), global commodity business (subsidiary), connected transaction management (functional
management), information technology operation and maintenance management (functional management),
proprietary valuation management (functional management), etc.; 112 items of compulsory departure audit
and termination audit of the officers of branches (securities business department and branch offices); leading
the completion of the effective self-assessment of the Company’s internal control project.
      Through these internal audits and evaluation, the Company inspected the internal control systems of
the audit targets and the completeness and effectiveness thereof, and issued reminders on major risks, which
significantly supported the improvement of compliance and risk prevention awareness of the audit targets as
well as the enhancement of internal control of the Company.


XIII. Miscellaneous

(I)   Compliance with code on securities transactions

      The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding the transactions of
securities of the Company by all Directors and Supervisors. Having made specific inquiries, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that during the Reporting Period, they have strictly complied with
the standards under the Model Code. According to the requirements of the CSRC, employees of the Company
shall be regarded as securities practitioners and shall be prohibited from dealings in shares. The Company is
not aware of any breach of the guidelines by the relevant employees. The Board will inspect the corporate
governance and its operation from time to time, in order to comply with the applicable requirements under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules and safeguard the interests of shareholders. Upon enquiry, all Directors,
Supervisors and senior management have confirmed they have strictly complied with the applicable
requirements under the Model Code and the Management Rules on the Shares and Changes of Shareholdings
of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有
限公司董事、監事和高級管理人員所持公司股份及其變動管理制度》). For details regarding the shareholdings
of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management in the Company, please see “I. Change in Shareholdings
and Remunerations” under “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” of this
report.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         193
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Responsibilities of Directors for financial statements

      The following responsibility statement of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
of this report, while each responsibility statement shall be interpreted separately.
     The Board of the Company has confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual
report for the year ended December 31, 2019 of the Group.
      The Board of the Company is responsible for presenting a clear and well-defined assessment on the
interim and annual reports, stock price sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed
according to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided
relevant and necessary explanation and information for the Board so that the Board could make informed
assessment on the financial data and position of the Group for examination and approval.
     To the knowledge of our Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant
uncertainty likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustained operations. In
addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities which the
Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed to.


(III) Joint company secretaries

     Mr. WU Huifeng and Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne are the joint company secretaries of the Company,
whose appointments were made in July 2015 and April 2016, respectively, and became effective in October
2016. Mr. WU Huifeng is the secretary to the Board and the main contact person within the Company.
Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne is a vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited.
According to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, as of December 31, 2019, both Mr. WU Huifeng and
Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne have received over 15 hours of relevant professional trainings.


(IV) Interests of Shareholders

     The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict compliance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.
      The Company pays high attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively and regularly
carries out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and fulfil their
reasonable requests timely. The Company has formulated a series of thorough rules and regulations such
as the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship (《投資者關係管理制度》), to manage investor
relationship in accordance with the standards, systems and procedures. The Company has formed a good
interaction and communication with the investors through various channels, such as investor service hotlines,
the special column for investor relations in the Company’s website and reception of on-site researchers.
     The Board of the Company welcomes the shareholders’ advice and encourages shareholders to attend
the shareholders’ general meetings to ask the Board or management directly about any doubts they may
hold. Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or submit temporary proposals to general
meetings according to the procedures set out in the Articles of Association, which has been published on the
SSE website, Hong Kong Stock Exchange website and Company’s website. The Company will arrange for the
Board and the Management to answer shareholders’ questions in its general meeting.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

194
                                                     Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(V) Auditor’s remuneration

    For details of auditor’s remuneration of the Company, please refer to “Appointment and Removal of
Accounting Firms” of “Chapter 5 Major Events” of this report.


(VI) Relationship with investors

      The Company is consistently committed to the responsibility of protecting the interests of investors and
strives to improve transparency in the day to day business process so as to enable investors and potential
investors to have a better understanding of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Company
communicated with more than 700 domestic and foreign analysts and investors via means such as on-site
communications in shareholders’ general meetings, the 2019 online investors group reception day and
exchange meetings organized by domestic and foreign securities firms for reception of visits and researches,
SSE E-Interaction, telephone hotlines, email and WeChat. The Company proactively conducts in-depth
communications with domestic and foreign analysts and investors upon hot issues that are substantial to
the industry and Company. By summarizing, analyzing and giving feedback to the opinions and suggestions
of investors, we are able to create value through communications and interactions, thereby enabling the
Company to continuously improve the professionalism and standard of management of investor relations.


(VII) Risk management

      For details of the risk management of the Company, please refer to the relevant content of “Potential
risks” under “Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors” of this report.
      For details of the internal control of the Company, please refer to the “2019 Internal Control Assessment
Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” (《招商證券股份有限公司2019年度內部控制評價報告》) which
will be published on the SSE website and the “Responsibility Statement on Internal Control and Development
of Internal Control System”, “Development of Compliance Management System of the Company” and
“Progress of Audit” under “Chapter 8 Corporate Governance Report” on the same date of this report.




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          195
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(VIII) Management of inside information

       The Company has formulated certain management systems for information disclosure and relevant
 inside information and established an operating mechanism for managing inside information in accordance
 with regulatory requirements. The confidentiality and registration of inside information are regulated based
 on the Confidentiality System of Inside Information (《內幕信息保密制度》) and the Registration System for
 Persons with Inside Information (《內幕信息知情人登記制度》) to enhance the level of confidentiality and the
 management of insiders. According to the Information Disclosure System (《信息披露制度》) and the Material
 Information Internal Report System (《重大信息內部報告制度》), the content, procedure, management and
 responsibility of information disclosure are clarified, internal collection and management of major information
 is refined through the appointment of contact persons for internal reporting of major information at each
 of the departments, branches and subsidiaries and timely collection and standard management of the
 Company’s significant inside information is safeguarded. According to Investor Relations Management System
(《投資者關係管理制度》), information disclosure shall be made on a fair basis. The operating mechanism for
 managing inside information covers all key aspects of controlling inside information including the collection,
 circulation, verification, confidentiality and fair disclosure. The Company ensures the effectiveness of such
 mechanism by enhancing the training system, defining the duty requirements, upholding accountability and
 improving the awareness of information disclosure.


(IX) Amendments to the Articles of Association

      On May 20, 2019, the resolution regarding the amendments to the Articles of Association of the
Company was considered and approved at the first extraordinary general meeting for 2019 of the Company.
In October 2019, the Company received “Approval of CSRC Shenzhen Office on the Amendments to the
Important Provisions in the Articles Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” from the CSRC
Shenzhen Office (Shen Zheng Xu Ke Zi [2019] No. 84) that the amendments to the Important Provisions in the
Article Association of the Company were approved.
    For details, please refer to the relevant announcements issued on March 13, April 30, May 21 and
October 15, 2019.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

196
                                                                                                                                    Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds


I.         General Information of Corporate Bonds

           Outstanding corporate bonds as at the date of approval for the publication of this annual report are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                            Unit: 100 million                  Currency: RMB

                                                                                                       Issue                                                   Payment of                Triggering and     Eligibility
                                                                                                                        Date of      Remaining   Interest                     Trading
                                Name                                     Abbreviation      Code      completion                                               principal and              implementation     of
                                                                                                                        expiry        balance    rate (%)                      place
                                                                                                        date                                                     interest                of special terms   investors
  The 2012 Corporate Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.       12 China
                                                                                                                                                             Annual payment                                 Offering to
  (10-Year Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司2012年公司債券（10年                            Merchants 03      122234   March 5, 2013   March 5, 2023         55        5.15                      SSE        Nil
                                                                                                                                                             of interest                                    investors
  期）)                                                                    (12招商03)
  The 2014 corporate bonds publicly issued by China Merchants            14 China
                                                                                                                                                             Annual payment                                 Offering to
  Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司公開發行2014年公司債                           Merchants Bonds   122374   May 26, 2015    May 26, 2025          55        5.08                      SSE        Nil
                                                                                                                                                             of interest                                    investors
  券)                                                                     (14招商債)
  The 2017 Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by China     17 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
                                                                                                    October 23,     October 23,                              Annual payment
  Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份          Merchants G2      143342                                       10.6        4.78                      SSE        Nil                qualified
                                                                                                    2017            2020                                     of interest
  有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2017年公司債券（第二期）)                                         (17招商G2)                                                                                                                           investors
  The 2017 Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by China      17 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
                                                                                                    October 31,     October 31,                              Annual payment
  Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份          Merchants G3      143369                                         10        4.85                      SSE        Nil                qualified
                                                                                                    2017            2020                                     of interest
  有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2017年公司債券（第三期）)                                         (17招商G3)                                                                                                                           investors
  The 2018 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China      18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
                                                                                                    February 5,     February 5,                              Annual payment
  Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份          Merchants G1      143460                                       19.4        5.35                      SSE        Nil                qualified
                                                                                                    2018            2021                                     of interest
  有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第一期）)                                         (18招商G1)                                                                                                                           investors
 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors                                                                                       Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G2      143626   June 12, 2018   June 12, 2020         20        4.78                      SSE        Nil                qualified
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券                                                                                                                             of interest
                                                                         (18招商G2)                                                                                                                           investors
 （第二期）（品種一）)
 The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors                                                                                       Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G3      143627   June 12, 2018   June 12, 2021         10        4.78                      SSE        Nil                qualified
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券                                                                                                                             of interest
                                                                         (18招商G3)                                                                                                                           investors
 （第二期）（品種二）)
  The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
  by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商                                                                                         Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G5      143712   July 18, 2018   July 18, 2021         25        4.38                      SSE        Nil                qualified
  證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第三                                                                                                                            of interest
                                                                         (18招商G5)                                                                                                                           investors
  期）（品種二）)
  The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
  by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商                                August 8,                                                Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G6      143392                   August 8, 2021        30        3.94                      SSE        Nil                qualified
  證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第四                                                                   2018                                                     of interest
                                                                         (18招商G6)                                                                                                                           investors
  期）（品種一）)
  The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
  by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商                                September 7,    September 7,                             Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G8      143762                                         18        4.23                      SSE        Nil                qualified
  證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第五                                                                   2018            2021                                     of interest
                                                                         (18招商G8)                                                                                                                           investors
  期）（品種一）)
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Offering to
  The 2018 Corporate Bonds (seventh tranche) privately issued by         18 China
                                                                                                    December 5,     December 5,                              Annual payment                                 qualified
  China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2018年                  Merchants F10     150930                                         25        4.15                      SSE        Nil
                                                                                                    2018            2021                                     of interest                                    institutional
  非公開發行公司債券（第七期）)                                                        (18招F10)
                                                                                                                                                                                                            investors
  The 2019 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China      19 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
                                                                                                                                                             Annual payment
  Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份          Merchants G1      155208   March 8, 2019   March 8, 2022         15        3.59                      SSE        Nil                qualified
                                                                                                                                                             of interest
  有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2019年公司債券（第一期）)                                         (19招商G1)                                                                                                                           investors




                                                                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                               197
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



                                                                                                 Issue                                                  Payment of                 Triggering and     Eligibility
                                                                                                                  Date of       Remaining   Interest                    Trading
                              Name                                    Abbreviation   Code      completion                                              principal and               implementation     of
                                                                                                                  expiry         balance    rate (%)                     place
                                                                                                  date                                                    interest                 of special terms   investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Offering to
 The 2019 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) privately         19 China
                                                                                                                                                       Annual payment                                 qualified
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公            Merchants F3   151412   April 10, 2019   April 10, 2021        17        3.85                     SSE        Nil
                                                                                                                                                       of interest                                    institutional
 司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）（品種一）)                                           (19招商F3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Offering to
 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) privately         19 China
                                                                                                                                                       Annual payment                                 qualified
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公            Merchants F4   151413   April 10, 2019   April 10, 2022        36        4.00                     SSE        Nil
                                                                                                                                                       of interest                                    institutional
 司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）（品種二）)                                           (19招商F4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Offering to
 The 2019 Type One Corporate Bonds (third tranche) privately issued   19 China
                                                                                                                                                       Annual payment                                 qualified
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                  Merchants F5   151495   April 25, 2019   April 25, 2021        20        4.08                     SSE        Nil
                                                                                                                                                       of interest                                    institutional
 2019年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）（品種一）)                                            (19招商F5)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Offering to
 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) privately issued   19 China
                                                                                                                                                       Annual payment                                 qualified
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                  Merchants F6   151496   April 25, 2019   April 25, 2022        40        4.28                     SSE        Nil
                                                                                                                                                       of interest                                    institutional
 2019年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）（品種二）)                                            (19招商F6)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Offering to
 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) privately         19 China
                                                                                                                                                       Annual payment                                 qualified
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公            Merchants F8   151600   May 29, 2019     May 29, 2021          40        3.78                     SSE        Nil
                                                                                                                                                       of interest                                    institutional
 司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第四期）（品種二）)                                           (19招商F8)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      investors
                                                                                                                                                                        Hong
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Offering to
 Foreign Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Three-Year                            January 21,      January 21,                             Annual payment   Kong
                                                                      CMSEC N2301     40129                                       Note 1      2.625                                Nil                qualified
 Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司境外債券（三年期）)                                                              2020             2023                                    of interest      Stock
                                                                                                                                                                                                      investors
                                                                                                                                                                        Exchange
                                                                                                                                                       One-off
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Offering to
 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (first tranche) privately issued   20 China                                                                         payment of
                                                                                              March 11,                                                                                               qualified
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                  Merchants F1   166206                    March 26, 2021        30        2.65    principal and    SSE        Nil
                                                                                              2020                                                                                                    institutional
 2020年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）（品種一）)                                            (20招商F1)                                                                         interest upon
                                                                                                                                                                                                      investors
                                                                                                                                                       expiry
                                                                                                                                                       One-off
 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche)                                                                                                                                                   Offering to
                                                                      20 China                                                                         payment of
 privately issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.                                     March 25,                                                                                               qualified
                                                                      Merchants F3   166414                    April 14, 2021        20        2.65    principal and    SSE        Nil
 (招商證券股份有限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第                                          (20招商F3)
                                                                                              2020
                                                                                                                                                       interest upon
                                                                                                                                                                                                      institutional
 二期）（品種一）)                                                                                                                                                                                            investors
                                                                                                                                                       expiry

 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche)                                                                                                                                                   Offering to
                                                                      20 China
 privately issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.                                     March 25,                                                Annual payment                                 qualified
                                                                      Merchants F4   166415                    March 25, 2022        15        2.85                     SSE        Nil
 (招商證券股份有限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第                                          (20招商F4)
                                                                                              2020                                                     of interest                                    institutional
 二期）（品種一）)                                                                                                                                                                                            investors




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

198
                                                                                                                                          Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



                                                                                             Issue                                                    Payment of                Triggering and       Eligibility
                                                                                                              Date of         Remaining   Interest                   Trading
                            Name                                  Abbreviation   Code      completion                                                principal and              implementation       of
                                                                                                              expiry           balance    rate (%)                    place
                                                                                              date                                                      interest                of special terms     investors

                                                                                                          The interest rate                                                                          Offering to
The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (first tranche) of China    17 China
                                                                                          February 17,    for perpetual                      5.18                                                    qualified
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續                 Merchants Y1   145340                                            40                                SSE
                                                                                          2017            subordinated                    (Note 2)                              The issuer shall     institutional
次級債券（第一期）)                                                        (17招商Y1)
                                                                                                          bonds are                                                             have the option      investors
                                                                                                          repriced every                                                        of renewal, and      Offering to
The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (second tranche) of China   17 China                                five years. Upon                                                      the investors
                                                                                                                                             5.15                                                    qualified
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續                 Merchants Y2   145371   March 3, 2017   the maturity of          50                                SSE        shall not have the
                                                                                                                                          (Note 2)                                                   institutional
次級債券（第二期）)                                                        (17招商Y2)                                every repricing                                                       option of resale;    investors
                                                                                                          cycle, the issuer                                                     the issuer shall
                                                                                                          has the option                                                        have the option      Offering to
The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (third tranche) of China    17 China
                                                                                                          to extend the                      5.65                               of deferring         qualified
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續                 Merchants Y3   145545   May 22, 2017                             37                                SSE
                                                                                                          maturity of                     (Note 2)                              payment of           institutional
次級債券（第三期）)                                                        (17招商Y3)
                                                                                                          the bonds                                                             interest. The        investors
                                                                                                          for another                                                           options have not     Offering to
The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (fourth tranche) of China   17 China                                repricing cycle,                                                      been exercised.
                                                                                                                                             5.58                                                    qualified
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續                 Merchants Y4   145579   June 19, 2017   or redeem the            23                                SSE
                                                                                                                                          (Note 2)                                                   institutional
次級債券（第四期）)                                                        (17招商Y4)                                bonds entirely.                                                                            investors

         Note 1:               The foreign bonds issued during the period amounted to USD 300 million.
         Note 2:               The coupon rate for the first five interest-bearing years (the first repricing cycle) of the perpetual
                               subordinated bonds is determined through bookkeeping and filing, and shall remain unchanged
                               during the first five interest-bearing years. Since the sixth interest-bearing year, the coupon rate
                               shall be re-determined every 5 years. The coupon rate for the repricing cycle is the benchmark
                               interest rate plus the initial spread plus 300 basis points. The initial spread is the difference between
                               the coupon rate and the benchmark interest rate in the first repricing cycle.




                                                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                        199
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



        Payment of interest and principal of corporate bonds


                                                                                                                                                     Payment of interest
                                                                                                                                        Amount
                                                                                               Issue completion                                       and principal and
                            Name                                   Abbreviation       Code                           Date of expiry    (RMB 100
                                                                                                      date                                           implementation of
                                                                                                                                         million)
                                                                                                                                                        special clause

The 2012 Corporate Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                                 12 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
Ltd. (10-Year Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司2012年公司債券                                          122234   March 5, 2013       March 5, 2023              55
                                                                 03 (12招商03)                                                                        full as scheduled
（10年期）)

 The 2014 corporate bonds publicly issued by China Merchants
                                                                 14 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
 Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司公開發行2014年公                                           122374   May 26, 2015        May 26, 2025               55
                                                                 Bonds (14招商債)                                                                      full as scheduled
 司債券)

The 2017 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                                                                                                    Payment of interest
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招   17 China Merchants
                                                                                      143327   October 13, 2017    October 13, 2019           45    and principal in full as
商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2017年公司債券                                    G1 (17招商G1)
                                                                                                                                                    scheduled
（第一期）)

The 2017 Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招   17 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143342   October 23, 2017    October 23, 2020         10.6
商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2017年公司債券                                    G2 (17招商G2)                                                                        full as scheduled
（第二期）)

The 2017 Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招   17 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143369   October 31, 2017    October 31, 2020           10
商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2017年公司債券                                    G3 (17招商G3)                                                                        full as scheduled
（第三期）)

The 2018 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招   18 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143460   February 5, 2018    February 5, 2021         19.4
商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券                                    G1 (18招商G1)                                                                        full as scheduled
（第一期）)

 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified     18 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143626   June 12, 2018       June 12, 2020              20
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                            G2 (18招商G2)                                                                        full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第二期）        （品種一）)

 The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified     18 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143627   June 12, 2018       June 12, 2021              10
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                            G3 (18招商G3)                                                                        full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第二期）        （品種二）)

 The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified     18 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143712   July 18, 2018       July 18, 2021              25
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                            G5 (18招商G5)                                                                        full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第三期）        （品種二）)

 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified     18 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143392   August 8, 2018      August 8, 2021             30
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                            G6 (18招商G6)                                                                        full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第四期）        （品種一）)

 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified     18 China Merchants                                                                 Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143762   September 7, 2018   September 7, 2021          18
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                            G8 (18招商G8)                                                                        full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第五期）        （品種一）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

200
                                                                                                                   Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



                                                                                                                                                      Payment of interest
                                                                                                                                         Amount
                                                                                               Issue completion                                        and principal and
                            Name                                   Abbreviation       Code                            Date of expiry    (RMB 100
                                                                                                      date                                            implementation of
                                                                                                                                          million)
                                                                                                                                                         special clause

The 2017 subordinated bonds (first tranche) of China Merchants                                                                                       Payment of interest
                                                                 17 China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年次級債券（第                                           145899   November 27, 2017    November 27, 2019          22    and principal in full as
                                                                 C1 (17招商C1)
一期）)                                                                                                                                                 scheduled

The 2018 subordinated bonds (first tranche) of China Merchants
                                                                 18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2018年次級債券（第                                           150078   January 12, 2018     January 12, 2020         16.4
                                                                 C1 (18招商C1)                                                                         full as scheduled
一期）)

The 2018 subordinated bonds (second tranche) of China
                                                                 18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2018年次                                      150097   January 22, 2018     January 22, 2020         51.5
                                                                 C2 (18招商C2)                                                                         full as scheduled
級債券（第二期）)

The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (first tranche) of China
                                                                 17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永                                      145340   February 17, 2017    February 17, 2022          40
                                                                 Y1 (17招商Y1)                                                                         full as scheduled
續次級債券（第一期）)

The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (second tranche) of
                                                                 17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                      145371   March 3, 2017        March 3, 2022              50
                                                                 Y2 (17招商Y2)                                                                         full as scheduled
2017年永續次級債券（第二期）)

The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (third tranche) of China
                                                                 17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永                                      145545   May 22, 2017         May 22, 2022               37
                                                                 Y3 (17招商Y3)                                                                         full as scheduled
續次級債券（第三期）)

The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (fourth tranche) of
                                                                 17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                      145579   June 19, 2017        June 19, 2022              23
                                                                 Y4 (17招商Y4)                                                                         full as scheduled
2017年永續次級債券（第四期）)

The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (first tranche) privately                                                                                          Payment of interest
                                                                 18 China Merchants
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                               150180   March 13, 2018       March 13, 2019             30    and principal in full as
                                                                 F2 (18招商F2)
限公司2018年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）                     （品種二）)                                                                                                    scheduled

The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) privately                                                                                          Payment of interest
                                                                 18 China Merchants
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                               150302   April 19, 2018       May 4, 2019                38    and principal in full as
                                                                 F6 (18招商F6)
限公司2018年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）                     （品種二）)                                                                                                    scheduled

The 2018 Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) privately issued by                                                                                        Payment of interest
                                                                 18 China Merchants
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                      150414   May 21, 2018         June 5, 2019               59    and principal in full as
                                                                 F7 (18招商F7)
2018年非公開發行公司債券（第四期）)                                                                                                                                 scheduled

The 2018 Corporate Bonds (fifth tranche) privately issued by                                                                                         Payment of interest
                                                                 18 China Merchants            September 17,
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                      150456                        April 11, 2019             30    and principal in full as
                                                                 F8 (18招商F8)                   2018
2018年非公開發行公司債券（第五期）)                                                                                                                                 scheduled

The 2018 Corporate Bonds (sixth tranche) privately issued by                                                                                         Payment of interest
                                                                 18 China Merchants
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                      150750   October 15, 2018     July 12, 2019              30    and principal in full as
                                                                 F9 (18招商F9)
2018年非公開發行公司債券（第六期）)                                                                                                                                 scheduled

The 2018 Corporate Bonds (seventh tranche) privately issued by
                                                                 18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                      150930   December 5, 2018     December 5, 2021           25
                                                                 F10 (18招F10)                                                                        full as scheduled
2018年非公開發行公司債券（第七期）)

The 2019 Type One Corporate Bonds (first tranche) privately                                                                                          Payment of interest
                                                                 19 China Merchants
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                               151113   January 17, 2019     July 19, 2019              15    and principal in full as
                                                                 F1 (19招商F1)
限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）                     （品種一）)                                                                                                    scheduled

The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (first tranche) privately                                                                                          Payment of interest
                                                                 19 China Merchants
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                               151114   January 17, 2019     October14, 2019            35    and principal in full as
                                                                 F2 (19招商F2)
限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）                     （品種二）)                                                                                                    scheduled



                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                       201
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



      Details of the issuance of other corporate bonds

      In February 2018, the Company received the No Objection Letter for the Offer for Sale of Corporate
Bonds Privately Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2018] No. 160) (《關於對招
商證券股份有限公司非公開發行公司債券掛牌轉讓無異議的函》                                   （上證函[2018] 160號）) from the SSE, pursuant
to which the SSE has no objection to the offer for sale of corporate bonds privately issued by the Company to
qualified investors in the amount of no more than RMB 40 billion. From 2019 to the date of approval for the
publication of this report, the Company had issued one tranche of privately-offered corporate bonds pursuant
to the No Objection Letter and raised RMB 5 billion.
      In March 2019, the Company received the No Objection Letter for the Offer for Sale of Corporate Bonds
Privately Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2019] No. 523) (《關於對招商
證券股份有限公司非公開發行公司債券掛牌轉讓無異議的函》                                （ 上證函[2019] 523號）) from the SSE, pursuant
to which the SSE has no objection to the offer for sale of corporate bonds privately issued by the Company
to qualified investors in the amount of no more than RMB 45 billion. From 2019 to the date of approval for
the publication of this report, the Company had issued a total of five tranches of privately-offered corporate
bonds pursuant to the No Objection Letter and raised RMB21.8 billion.
      In April 2018, the Company received the Approval on the Public Offering of Corporate Bonds by China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 612) (《關於核准招商證券
股份有限公司向合格投資者公開發行公司債券的批覆》                             （證監許可[2018] 612號）) from the CSRC, pursuant to
which the CSRC approved the Company’s public offering of corporate bonds with total face value of no more
than RMB 11.8 billion to qualified investors. From 2019 to the date of approval for the publication of this
report, the Company had issued one tranche of corporate bonds pursuant to the approval and raised RMB 1.5
billion.


II.   Contact Person and Contact Details of the Trustees in Corporate Bonds and
      Contact Details of the Credit Rating Agency

     The table below sets forth the trustees and credit rating agencies in the outstanding corporate bonds as
at the date of approval for the publication of this annual report:

              Abbreviation                    Code               Trustee             Credit rating agency

 12 China Merchants 03 (12招商03)               122234     Huatai United Securities   Shanghai Brilliance

 14 China Merchants Bonds (14招商債)             122374     Everbright Securities      Shanghai Brilliance

 17 China Merchants G2 (17招商G2)               143342

 17 China Merchants G3 (17招商G3)               143369

 18 China Merchants G1 (18招商G1)               143460

 18 China Merchants G2 (18招商G2)               143626

 18 China Merchants G3 (18招商G3)               143627     Everbright Securities      CCXI

 18 China Merchants G5 (18招商G5)               143712

 18 China Merchants G6 (18招商G6)               143392

 18 China Merchants G8 (18招商G8)               143762

 19 China Merchants G1 (19招商G1)               155208

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

202
                                                                        Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds




             Abbreviation                      Code                Trustee            Credit rating agency

 18 China Merchants F10 (18招F10)               150930

 19 China Merchants F3 (19招商F3)                151412

 19 China Merchants F4 (19招商F4)                151413

 19 China Merchants F5 (19招商F5)                151495

 19 China Merchants F6 (19招商F6)                151496      Essence Securities         CCXI

 19 China Merchants F8 (19招商F8)                151600

 20 China Merchants F1 (20招商F1)                166206

 20 China Merchants F3 (20招商F3)                166414

 20 China Merchants F4 (20招商F4)                166415

 17 China Merchants Y1 (17招商Y1)                145340

 17 China Merchants Y2 (17招商Y2)                145371
                                                           China Galaxy               CCXI
 17 China Merchants Y3 (17招商Y3)                145545

 17 China Merchants Y4 (17招商Y4)                145579

     During the Reporting Period, none of the above bonds incurred any change to their trustees.
      The original rating agency of the publicly issued corporate bonds “17 China Merchants G2”, “17 China
Merchants G3”, “18 China Merchants G1”, “18 China Merchants G2”, “18 China Merchants G3”, “18
China Merchants G5”, “18 China Merchants G6”, “18 China Merchants G8” and “19 China Merchants G1”,
privately issued corporate bonds “18 China Merchants F10”, “19 China Merchants F3”, “19 China Merchants
F4”, “19 China Merchants F5”, “19 China Merchants F6” and “19 China Merchants F8” and perpetual
subordinated bonds “17 China Merchants Y1”, “17 China Merchants Y2”, “17 China Merchants Y3” and
“17 China Merchants Y4” is CCXR. In February 2020, CCXR received the Approval for China Chengxin
International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. to Engage in Credit Rating Business in the Securities Market (Zheng Jian
Xu Ke [2020] No. 267) (《關於核准中誠信國際信用評級有限責任公司從事證券市場資信評級業務的批覆》                                                （證
監許可 [2020] 267 號）) from the CSRC, pursuant to which CCXR ceased to engage in credit rating business
in the securities market with effect from February 26, 2020. The credit rating business in the securities market
undertaken by CCXR has been carried on by CCXI, its sole shareholder. The rating agency of the above bonds
has been changed to CCXI. The change in the rating agency mentioned above has no significant impact on
the Company’s solvency and the payment of principal and interest on the relevant bonds.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           203
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



     The table below sets forth the contact person and contact details of the trustees in the Company’s bonds
and contact details of the credit rating agencies giving follow-up ratings to the bonds:

                           Name              Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.

                                             (01A, 02, 03, 04), 17A, 18A, 24A, 25A & 26A, 5/F, HKCTS
                           Office address
 Trustee                                     Tower, Central Business District, Futian District, Shenzhen

                           Contact person    XU Chengcheng (徐晟程)
                           Contact number    0755–82492010

                           Name              Everbright Securities Co., Ltd.

                                             51/F & 53/F, Tower One, Hang Lung Plaza, No. 1266 West
                           Office address
 Trustee                                     Nanjing Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai

                           Contact person    XUE Jiang (薛江), HUANG Liang (黃亮), XING Yiwei (邢一唯)
                           Contact number    021–52523222, 021–52523023

                           Name              Essence Securities Co., Ltd.

                                             35/F & 28/F (A02), Anlian Building, No. 4018 Jintian Road,
                           Office address
 Trustee                                     Futian District, Shenzhen

                           Contact person    XU Yingjie (徐英杰)
                           Contact number    0755–82558264

                           Name              China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd.

                                             Level 2, Tower C, Corporate Square, No. 35 Finance Street,
                           Office address
 Trustee                                     Xicheng District, Beijing

                           Contact person    XU Jinjun (許進軍)
                           Contact number    010–66568061

                           Name              Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd.
 Credit rating agency
                           Office address    13/F, Huasheng Building, No. 398 Hankou Road, Shanghai

                           Name              China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd.
 Credit rating agency                        60101, Building 1, No. 2 Nanzhugan Hutong, Dongcheng
                           Office address
                                             District, Beijing




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

204
                                                                       Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



III. Use of Proceeds from the Issuance of Corporate Bonds

(I)    Procedures for the supervision over and the use of proceeds from the issuance of corporate
       bonds

      As required by relevant laws and regulations, the Company centralizes the management of proceeds
from the issuance of corporate bonds, which practically ensures such proceeds to be used as prescribed in
relevant prospectus. The Company has established a sound capital management regime and an effective
internal financial control system, and formulated the “Administrative Measures for the Use of Proceeds from
Issuance of Corporate Bonds” (《債券募集資金使用管理辦法》) to govern the management and use of the
proceeds. The trustees and proceeds supervision banks fulfill their regulatory duties in respect of the use of
proceeds pursuant to regulatory provisions and contractual agreements.
       Proceeds from the issuance of corporate bonds shall be used under the following approval procedures:
       1.   The Company files an application for using the proceeds according to the purposes of use
            prescribed in relevant prospectus, and then after the application is approved by competent
            approver in line with the authorization system described in the Rules on Authorization of
            Proprietary Money Appropriation, the Company sends a proceeds transfer instruction to the
            proceeds supervision bank;
       2.   The supervision bank examines the proceeds transfer instruction from the Company, and effect
            the proceeds transfer if the use of proceeds is confirmed to be consistent with that prescribed in
            relevant prospectus;
       3.   The supervision bank issues to the Company the automatic record and bank receipt regarding the
            transaction involving the supervised account, and notifies the trustee.


(II)   Use of proceeds from the issuance of corporate bonds

     Currently, all proceeds from the issuance of corporate bonds have been utilized. The actual uses
of proceeds are consistent with that prescribed in relevant prospectuses, application plans and other
agreements. The details are as follows:
      As prescribed in the prospectuses for the corporate bonds publicly issued by the Company, namely,
“12 China Merchants 01”, “12 China Merchants 02” and “12 China Merchants 03”, all proceeds from
the issuance of said bonds, after deducting the issuance expenses, shall be used for replenishment of the
Company’s working capital. As at December 31, 2013, all such proceeds had been used by the Company for
replenishment of the Company’s working capital in accordance with relevant provisions of the prospectuses.
      As prescribed in the prospectus for the corporate bonds publicly issued by the Company, namely,
“14 China Merchants Bonds”, all proceeds from the issuance of said bonds, after deducting the issuance
expenses, shall be used for replenishment of the Company’s working capital. As at December 31, 2015,
all such proceeds had been used by the Company for replenishment of the Company’s working capital in
accordance with relevant provisions of the prospectus.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         205
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



      As prescribed in the prospectuses for the corporate bonds publicly issued to qualified investors by the
Company, namely, “17 China Merchants G1”, “17 China Merchants G2”, “17 China Merchants G3” and
“18 China Merchants G1”, the proceeds from the issuance of the said bonds shall be used for “satisfaction
of the capital demand by the Company’s business operations, adjustment to the Company’s debt structure
and replenishment of the Company’s working capital”. As at the date of approval for the publication of this
report, the special account for the said proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds has been under normal
operation, and all such proceeds had been utilized as prescribed in accordance with relevant provisions of the
prospectuses. In breakdown, “17 China Merchants G1” raised RMB 4.5 billion, with RMB 3 billion used for
debt restructuring and RMB 1.5 billion used for replenishment of working capital; “17 China Merchants G2”
raised RMB 1.06 billion, all being used for replenishment of working capital; “17 China Merchants G3” raised
RMB 1 billion, with RMB 609 million used for debt restructuring and RMB 391 million used for replenishment
of working capital; “18 China Merchants G1” raised RMB 1.94 billion, with RMB 1.391 billion used for debt
restructuring and RMB 549 million used for replenishment of working capital.
     As prescribed in the prospectuses for the corporate bonds publicly issued by the issuer, namely, “18
China Merchants G2”, “18 China Merchants G3”, “18 China Merchants G5”, “18 China Merchants G6”,
“18 China Merchants G8” and “19 China Merchants G1”, all proceeds from the issuance of said bonds shall
be used for “replenishment of the Company’s working capital”. As at that date of approval for publication
of this report, the special account for the said proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds has been under
normal operation, and all such proceeds, after deducting the issuance expenses (if any), had been used by the
Company for replenishment of the Company’s working capital in accordance with relevant provisions of the
prospectuses.
     As prescribed in the prospectuses for the securities companies short-term corporate bonds privately
issued by the Company, namely, “China Merchants 1401”, “China Merchants 1501”, “China Merchants
1502”, “15 China Merchants D3” and “15 China Merchants D4”, all proceeds from the issuance of said
bonds shall be used for “replenishment of the Company’s working capital”. As at the date of approval for
the publication of this report, all such proceeds, after deducting the issuance expenses (if any), had been
used for replenishment of the Company’s working capital in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
prospectuses.
      As prescribed in the prospectuses for the subordinated bonds privately issued by the Company, namely,
“15 China Merchants 01”, “15 China Merchants 02”, “15 China Merchants 03”, “15 China Merchants 04”,
“15 China Merchants 05”, “17 China Merchants C1”, “18 China Merchants C1” and “18 China Merchants
C2”, the perpetual subordinated bonds privately issued by the Company, namely, “17 China Merchants Y1”,
“17 China Merchants Y2”, “17 China Merchants Y3” and “17 China Merchants Y4”, as well as the securities
companies short-term corporate bonds, namely “China Merchants 1601”, “China Merchants 1701”, “China
Merchants 1702”, “China Merchants 1703”, “China Merchants 1704”, “China Merchants 1706”, “China
Merchants 1707”, “China Merchants 1708”, “China Merchants 1709”, “17 China Merchants D9”, “17
China Merchants D10”, “17 China Merchants D11”, “17 China Merchants D12” and “17 China Merchants
D13”, all proceeds from the issuance of said bonds shall be used for “replenishment of the Company’s
working capital”. As at the date of approval for the publication of this report, the special account for the said
proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds has been under normal operation, and all such proceeds, after
deducting the issuance expenses (if any), had been used for replenishment of the Company’s working capital
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the prospectuses.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

206
                                                                       Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



     As prescribed in the prospectuses for the bonds privately issued by the Company, namely, “18 China
Merchants F1”, “18 China Merchants F2”, “18 China Merchants F3”, “18 China Merchants F6”, “18 China
Merchants F7”, “18 China Merchants F8”, “18 China Merchants F9”, “18 China Merchants F10”, “19
China Merchants F1” and “19 China Merchants F2”, all proceeds from the issuance of said bonds shall be
used for “replenishment of the Company’s working capital”. As at the date of approval for the publication
of this report, the special account for the said proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds has been under
normal operation, and all such proceeds, after deducting the issuance expenses (if any), had been used
for replenishment of the Company’s working capital in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
prospectuses.
      As prescribed in the prospectuses for the bonds privately issued by the Company, namely, “19 China
Merchants F3”, “19 China Merchants F4”, “19 China Merchants F5”, “19 China Merchants F6”, “19 China
Merchants F8”, “20 China Merchants F1”, “20 China Merchants F3” and “20 China Merchants F4”, all
proceeds from the issuance of said bonds shall be used for “repayment of due corporate bonds and other debt
financing instruments”. As at the date of approval for the publication of this report, the special account for
the said proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds has been under normal operation, and all such proceeds,
after deducting the issuance expenses (if any), had been used for replenishment of the Company’s working
capital in accordance with the relevant provisions of the prospectuses.


IV. Rating of Corporate Bonds

      During the Reporting Period, the Company was granted AAA credit ratings both as an issuer of bonds
and as an issuer of debt financing instruments in the PRC unanimously by credit rating agencies. None of
credit rating agencies conducted any irregular follow-up rating in respect of the Company and its bonds. The
regular follow-up ratings of the Company are as follows:
      On March 15, 2019, CCXR issued the Follow-Up Rating Reports (2019) on the 2018 Corporate Bonds
(Fifth Tranche and Sixth Tranche) Privately Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., and the overall
credit rating of the Company remained at AAA with stable outlook; the credit ratings of “18 China Merchants
F8” and “18 China Merchants F9” remained at A-1.
     On April 25, 2019, Shanghai Brilliance issued the Follow-Up Rating Reports on China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. and its Corporate Bonds 12 China Merchants 03 and 14 China Merchants Bonds, and the
overall credit rating of the Company remained at AAA with stable outlook; the credit ratings of “12 China
Merchants 03” and “14 China Merchants Bonds” remained at AAA.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         207
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



     On April 26, 2019, CCXR issued the Follow-Up Rating Reports (2019) on the 2017 Corporate Bonds (First
Tranche, Second Tranche and Third Tranche) and the 2018 Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) Publicly Issued by
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors, the Follow-Up Rating Reports (2019) on the 2018
Corporate Bonds (Second Tranche, Third Tranche, Fourth Tranche and Fifth Tranche) and the 2019 Corporate
Bonds (First Tranche) Publicly Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors, the Follow-
Up Rating Reports (2019) on the 2018 Corporate Bonds (Third Tranche, Fourth Tranche and Seventh Tranche)
and 2019 Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) privately issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., the Follow-
Up Rating Reports (2019) on the 2019 Corporate Bonds (Second Tranche) privately issued by China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd., the Follow-Up Rating Reports (2019) on the 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (First
Tranche, Second Tranche, Third Tranche and Fourth Tranche) of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., the
Follow-Up Rating Reports (2019) on the 2017 Subordinated Bonds (First Tranche) and the 2018 Subordinated
Bonds (First Tranche and Second Tranche) of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.. The overall credit rating
of the Company remained at AAA with stable outlook. The credit ratings of “17 China Merchants G1”, “17
China Merchants G2”, “17 China Merchants G3”, “18 China Merchants G1”, “18 China Merchants G2”, “18
China Merchants G3”, “18 China Merchants G5”, “18 China Merchants G6”, “18 China Merchants G8”,
“19 China Merchants G1”, “18 China Merchants F6”, “18 China Merchants F7”, “18 China Merchants F10”,
“19 China Merchants F3” and “19 China Merchants F4” remained at AAA; the credit ratings of “19 China
Merchants F1” and “19 China Merchants F2” remained at A-1; and the credit ratings of “17 China Merchants
Y1”, “17 China Merchants Y2”, “17 China Merchants Y3”, “17 China Merchants Y4”, “17 China Merchants
C1”, “18 China Merchants C1” and “18 China Merchants C2” remained at AA+.
     Within the time limit on follow-up rating, credit rating agencies will complete the regular follow-up
rating for the year within two months after the bond issuer and bond guarantor (if any) release relevant
annual reports. When it comes to fixed income products due within one year, credit rating agencies will
announce the results and reports of regular follow-up rating in the sixth month after the official issuance of
relevant bonds. Corresponding follow-up rating reports will be published on the website of SSE. Investors are
advised to pay attention.


V. Credit Enhancement Mechanism, Debt Repayment Plans and Other Relevant
   Information of the Corporate Bonds during the Reporting Period

      As at the date of approval for the publication of this report, based on the credit enhancement
mechanism, the existing bonds were issued without any guarantees. According to the repayment plans, bonds
with original maturity over one and a half year shall pay interest annually during the duration of the bonds and
the last installment of interest payment shall be paid together with the principal. According to the repayment
plans, bonds with original maturity within one and a half year shall pay principal together with all interests
upon maturity.
      During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the credit enhancement mechanism, debt
repayment plans and other repayment guarantee measures of the corporate bonds as compared with their
prospectuses. The Company had strictly complied with the requirements regarding repayment plans as
mentioned in the prospectuses and paid all interests and principal of the corporate bonds as scheduled and
disclosed relevant information on a timely basis in order to protect the legitimate interests of the investors.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

208
                                                                       Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



     The Company set up special account of debt repayment deposit for each tranche of bonds issued by
the Company in exchange during the Reporting Period, which is independent from other accounts of the
Company. The account only serves the purposes of interest payment, collection of payable amounts and
reception of bond proceeds as well as deposit and transfer, to the exclusion of any other purposes. The
Company deposits all amounts payable or maybe payable as principal and interests of bonds to the special
account of debt repayment deposit pursuant to relevant prospectuses and regulatory requirement.


VI. Duty Performance of the Trustees of Corporate Bonds

     During the Reporting Period, trustees in the bonds have carried out their duties according to the
requirements of relevant provisions of laws and regulations, as well as the provisions of the Bond Trusteeship
Management Agreement.
     On April 29, 2019, Huatai United Securities issued the 2018 Trust Reports on the 2012 Corporate Bonds
(Type Three) of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd..
     On April 29, 2019, Everbright Securities issued the 2018 Trust Reports on the 2014 Corporate Bonds
Publicly Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd..
      On June 12, 2019, Everbright Securities issued the 2018 Trust Reports on the 2017 Corporate Bonds
(First Tranche, Second Tranche and Third Tranche) and the 2018 Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) Publicly
Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors and the 2018 Trust Reports on the 2018
Corporate Bonds (Second Tranche, Third Tranche, Fourth Tranche and Fifth Tranche) Publicly Issued by China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors.
     On June 27, 2019, Essence Securities issued the 2018 Trust Reports on the 2018 Corporate Bonds (Sixth
Tranche and Seventh Tranche) Privately Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd..
     On June 28, 2019, China Galaxy issued the 2018 Trust Reports on the Subordinated Bonds of China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and the 2018 Trust Reports on the Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.. Furthermore, trustees in the bonds has issued the provisional trust reports
according to the requirements of relevant provisions of laws and regulations, as well as the provisions of the
Bond Trusteeship Management Agreement. For details, please see the relevant announcement made by the
Company on the SSE website.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         209
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



VII. Accounting Data and Financial Indicators in the Last Two Years as at the
     End of the Reporting Period

                                                                     Unit: 100 million Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                                       Change           Reasons for
     Key indicators                     2019           2018
                                                                          (%)           the change

                                                                                   Due to the increase in
 EBITDA                                155.11        118.32              31.08
                                                                                          profits

 Current ratio                           1.63           1.70              -3.90               —

 Quick ratio                             1.63           1.70              -3.90               —

 Gearing ratio (%)                      73.40          68.44               7.25               —

 EBITDA/debt ratio                       6.97           7.09              -1.68               —

 Interest coverage ratio                 2.41           1.88             28.38                —

                                                                                  Due to the decrease in net
 Cash interest coverage
                                         0.81           7.41            -89.06    cash flow generated from
 ratio
                                                                                     operating activities

 EBITDA/interest                                                                   Due to the increase in
                                         2.50           1.92             30.49
 coverage ratio                                                                           EBITDA

 Loan repayment ratio
                                       100.00        100.00                  —                —
 (%)

 Interest payment ratio
                                       100.00        100.00                  —                —
 (%)



VIII. Principal and Interest Payments for Other Bonds and Debt Financing
      Instruments of the Company

     During the Report Period, other debts financing instruments of the Company included commercial
papers, asset-backed special program and principal of structured notes, of which all principals and interests
were settled on schedule.


IX. Bank Credits of the Company during the Reporting Period

    As at December 31, 2019, the Company had available credit lines from its major lending banks
amounting to RMB 274.0 billion, of which RMB 68.5 billion were utilized.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

210
                                                                       Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



X. Performance of Commitments or Undertakings by the Company in Respect
   of Corporate Bonds According to the Prospectuses during the Reporting
   Period

      During the Reporting Period, the Company was in strict compliance with its commitments or
undertakings in respect of corporate bonds under the prospectuses and the proceeds were used in such
manner as stated in the prospectuses. The Company strictly performed its obligations of information
disclosure and made timely payments of bond interests in order to safeguard the legitimate interests of
investors. During the Reporting Period, the Company had no defaults on its principal and interest repayments
for the issued bonds. The Company had a sound operation and favourable profitability, and hence had not
identified any risks which might give rise to its inability to fulfill future payments on time.


XI. Material Incidents of the Company and Their Effects on Operation and
    Payment Ability

      As at April 30, 2019, total cumulative new borrowings for the year of the Company were RMB 19.690
billion, representing 24.37% (over 20%) of net assets at the end of last year. As at June 30, 2019, the above
ratio fell below 20%. As at August 31, 2019, total cumulative new borrowings for the year of the Company
were RMB21.277 billion, representing 26.34% (over 20% for the second time) of net assets at the end of last
year. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the SSE website
on May 11, 2019 and September 7, 2019, respectively.
      For the details of other material incidents of the Company, please refer to “Material Litigations or
Arbitrations” and “Punishment and Remedial Measures on the Listed Company, Its Directors, Supervisors,
Senior Management, Controlling Shareholders, De Facto Controller and Acquirer” under “Chapter 5 Major
Events” of this report and “Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Chapter 7
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees”. The Company had stable business operations,
good profitability, and it had paid principals and interests concerning all of its debts as scheduled. The said
matters will not exert adverse effect on the operation and solvency of the Company. Save as described above,
during the Reporting Period, the material incidents stated in Clause 45 of the Administrative Measures for
the Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds (《公司債券發行與交易管理辦法》) had not occurred, and the
Company had favorable business operations, strong overall solvency and low financial risks.




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          211
Chapter 10: Financial Report


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 218 to 365, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2019, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and
its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

212
                                                                       Chapter 10: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

 Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 1. Determination of consolidation scope of structured entities
 We identified the determination of consolidation         Our procedures in relation to the determination of
 scope of structured entities as a key audit matter       consolidation scope of structured entities included:
 due to the significant judgment applied by the           •    Evaluating and testing the key controls of
 management in determining whether a structured                management in determining the consolidation
 entity was required to be consolidated by the                 scope as set out in IFRS 10 of interests in
 Group and the significance of these balances to               structured entities;
 the Group’s consolidated financial statements as a
 whole.                                                   •    Examining on a sample basis, the related
                                                               significant investment contracts and other
 The Group held a number of interests in structured            related service agreements of investments
 entities including investment funds, collective asset         in structured entities to determine whether
 management schemes and limited partnerships                   management’s conclusion as to whether or
 where the Group was involved as investment                    not a structured entity was required to be
 manager. As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated           consolidated by the Group was in accordance
 financial statements, the management applied                  with IFRS 10;
 judgment in determining whether these investments
 should be consolidated in accordance with                •    Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy of
 International Financial Reporting Standard 10:                management’s calculations of the Group’s
 Consolidated Financial Statements (“IFRS 10”) by              exposure or right to variable returns from its
 determining (i) whether the Group had power over              involvement with the structured entities and
 these investees, and (ii) whether the combination             examining the data used in these calculations
 of investments it held, if any, together with its             by reference to the related contracts.
 remuneration and credit enhancement created
 exposure to variability of returns from the activities
 of the asset management schemes, investment
 funds and limited partnerships that was of such
 significance that it indicated that the Group had
 control.
 As disclosed in notes 21 and 23, as at December 31,
 2019, the total assets of the consolidated structured
 entities amounted to RMB 6,988.8 million and
 the total assets of the unconsolidated structured
 entities sponsored by the Group amounted to RMB
 705,517.2 million, respectively.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          213
Chapter 10: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 2. Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) for financial assets of credit business
 We identified the measurement of ECL for the Group’s              Our procedures in relation to the measurement of ECL for
 financial assets of credit business (advances to customers        financial assets of credit business included:
 and financial assets held under resale agreements) as a           •    Evaluating and testing the key controls relating to the
 key audit matter due to the significance of these assets               measurement of ECL for advances to customers and
 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements and the               financial assets held under resale agreements;
 significant management estimates and judgment required
 in the measurement.                                               •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the ECL model
                                                                        and the critical assumptions and parameters used
 As set out in note 62(2) to the consolidated financial                 in the model, in particular, PD and LGD, with the
 statements, the measurement involved significant                       involvement of our internal experts;
 management estimates and judgment in the following key
 areas:                                                            •    Evaluating the appropriateness of SICR criteria
                                                                        determined by management and, on a sample basis,
 •     Determination of the criteria for significant increase in        testing the application of the SICR criteria to individual
       credit risk (“SICR”);                                            advances to customers and financial assets held under
 •     Use of models and assumptions;                                   resale agreements;
 •     Determination of probability of default (“PD”) and          •    Examining major inputs to the ECL model for selected
       loss given default (“LGD”).                                      samples, including exposure at default and loss rate;
 The high degree of estimation uncertainty of the ECL had          •    For credit-impaired financial assets, on a sample
 a significant impact on the carrying values of these assets,           basis, assessing the reasonableness of expected credit
 which in aggregate amounted to RMB 90,904.4 million and                losses made by management based on the estimated
 constituted appropriately 23.81% of the total assets of the            future cash flows by reference to the latest collateral
 Group as at December 31, 2019.                                         valuations, as appropriate.
 As at December 31, 2019, the Group recognized expected
 credit losses of RMB 93.4 million for advances to customers;
 RMB 332.3 million for financial assets held under resale
 agreements; as disclosed in notes 29 and 26 to the
 consolidated financial statements, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

214
                                                                         Chapter 10: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 3. Valuations of financial assets classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3

 We identified the valuations of financial assets          Our procedures in relation to the valuations of Level
 classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3      3 financial assets included:
 (“Level 3 financial assets”) as a key audit matter        •    Evaluating and testing the key controls over
 due to the significant management estimates                    the valuation process for Level 3 financial
 and judgments arising from the involvement of                  assets;
 significant unobservable inputs in their valuations.
                                                           •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the
 As disclosed in note 63 to the consolidated financial          valuation models used by the management
 statements, the fair value of the Group’s Level 3              for Level 3 financial assets, based on our
 financial assets amounted to RMB 3,678.7 million               knowledge of current industry practice;
 as at December 31, 2019. Level 3 financial assets
                                                           •    Reading the investment agreements, on a
 were measured using valuation models that involved
                                                                sample basis, to understand the relevant
 a number of inputs; some of significant inputs were
                                                                investment terms and identifying any
 not based on observable market data, including
                                                                conditions that were relevant to the valuations
 volatility and discount for lack of marketability, etc.
                                                                of these financial assets;
                                                           •    Evaluating, on a sample basis, the
                                                                appropriateness of the unobservable and
                                                                observable inputs, used for measuring the fair
                                                                value of Level 3 financial assets;
                                                           •    Performing independent valuations of Level
                                                                3 financial assets, on a sample basis, and
                                                                comparing these valuations with the Group’s
                                                                valuations, with the involvement of our
                                                                valuation experts, as appropriate.



Other Information

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon.
     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears
to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            215
Chapter 10: Financial Report



Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal controls as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.
     As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
      •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
           whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
           obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
           of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
           error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
           override of internal control.
      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
           procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
           opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

216
                                                                        Chapter 10: Financial Report



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued)

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
          and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
          or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
          If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
          report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
          inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
          to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
          cease to continue as a going concern.
     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
          including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
          underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
          business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
          We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
          solely responsible for our audit opinion.
     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.
     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.
     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Wo Mi.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
March 27, 2020


      The independent auditor’s report and the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
notes have been issued in English. The Chinese version is used as a translated version for reference only. In the
event of any discrepancy in the interpretation between the English version and Chinese version, the English
version shall prevail.
                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            217
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                             Year ended December 31,

                                                                   Notes            2019              2018

  Fee and commission income                                          7         8,858,493          7,753,532

  Interest income                                                    8         8,288,799          8,186,595

  Investment gains or losses, net                                    9         6,159,670          2,120,062

  Other income and gains or losses                                   10        2,352,139              9,359

  Total revenues, gains and other income                                      25,659,101         18,069,548

  Depreciation and amortization                                      11         (530,908)          (216,391)

  Staff costs                                                        12       (5,559,394)        (3,850,480)

  Fee and commission expenses                                        13       (1,422,798)        (1,305,055)

  Interest expenses                                                  14       (6,393,610)        (6,340,505)

  Tax and surcharges                                                             (94,364)           (88,223)

  Other operating expenses                                           15       (3,670,815)        (1,614,634)

  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal                                                    16          (92,027)          (121,037)

  Other impairment losses, net                                                     (3,556)           (3,211)

  Total expenses                                                             (17,767,472)    (13,539,536)

  Share of profits of associates                                                 882,008           917,473

  Profit before income tax                                                     8,773,637          5,447,485

  Income tax expenses                                                17       (1,460,354)        (1,001,224)

  Profit for the year                                                          7,313,283          4,446,261

  Attributable to:

    Shareholders of the Company and holders of other
    equity instruments                                                         7,282,381          4,424,986

    Non-controlling interests                                                     30,902            21,275

                                                                               7,313,283          4,446,261

  Earnings per share attributable to shareholders of
    the Company (Expressed in RMB per share)                         18

  — Basic                                                                            0.97              0.54

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

218
   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                              Year ended December 31,

                                                                                    2019              2018

Profit for the year                                                            7,313,283        4,446,261

Other comprehensive income (expense):

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Equity instruments designated as at fair value
through other comprehensive income

  Net fair value changes during the year                                         335,203          (913,992)

  Income tax impact                                                               (83,801)        228,498

Sub-total                                                                        251,402          (685,494)

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income:

  Net fair value changes during the year                                         153,397          758,923

  Reclassification adjustment to profit or loss                                 (183,740)           22,463

  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal              3,314            (1,032)

  Income tax impact                                                                7,178          (195,089)

Sub-total                                                                         (19,851)        585,265

Share of other comprehensive income of associates,
net of related income tax                                                         12,008               326

Exchange differences arising from translation of foreign operations              106,710          286,813

Other comprehensive income for the period (net of tax)                           350,269          186,910

Total comprehensive income for the period (net of tax)                         7,663,552        4,633,171

Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments          7,632,650        4,611,896

  Non-controlling interests                                                       30,902            21,275

                                                                               7,663,552        4,633,171

   The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                        219
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                   Notes            2019              2018
  Non-current assets
  Property and equipment                                             19        1,540,746          1,628,792
  Right-of-use assets                                                20        1,610,549
  Prepaid lease payment                                                                —           431,685
  Goodwill                                                                         9,671              9,671
  Other intangible assets                                                         15,855            19,121
  Interests in associates                                            22        8,833,586          8,287,924
  Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                             24        7,057,809          6,722,607
  Debt instruments at amortized cost                                 25        1,424,662          1,796,608
  Financial assets held under resale agreements                      26        2,170,301          5,277,749
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              32        2,708,857          2,202,967
  Deferred tax assets                                                27          826,872           868,510
  Other non-current assets                                           28          817,565           221,103
  Total non-current assets                                                    27,016,473         27,466,737
  Current assets
  Advances to customers                                              29       55,224,619         42,976,430
  Current tax assets                                                             180,145            34,668
  Accounts and other receivables                                     30        3,213,572          3,263,335
  Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                             31       45,734,307         41,642,341
  Debt instruments at amortized cost                                 25          469,974            47,587
  Financial assets held under resale agreements                      26       33,509,524         27,766,111
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              32     135,437,211          97,921,779
  Derivative financial assets                                        33        1,805,819          1,150,232
  Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions        34        4,780,890          1,431,420
  Clearing settlement funds                                          35       12,471,616         13,796,281
  Cash and bank balances                                             36       61,927,739         47,433,784
  Total current assets                                                      354,755,416      277,463,968
  Total assets                                                              381,771,889      304,930,705

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

220
                               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
                                                                                    As at December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                     Notes             2019              2018

Current liabilities

Short-term borrowings                                                  38        3,103,673         1,581,861

Short-term debt instruments                                            39       33,098,616        34,850,476

Placements from banks and other financial institutions                 40        7,013,199         3,519,000

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                  41       61,724,220        48,911,748

Accrued staff costs                                                    42        5,042,877         3,654,135

Other payables and accrued charges                                     43        6,847,972         3,524,201

Current tax liabilities                                                              57,064          133,968

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             44        7,918,509         7,124,452

Derivative financial liabilities                                       33        2,183,222         1,305,685

Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                      45       97,706,686        61,267,557

Lease liabilities                                                      46          267,627

Long-term borrowings due within one year                               51        1,144,880                  —

Bonds payable due within one year                                      53       15,478,614        17,855,355

Total current liabilities                                                      241,587,159       183,728,438

Net current assets                                                             113,168,257        93,735,530

Total assets less current liabilities                                          140,184,730       121,202,267

Equity

Share capital                                                          47        6,699,409         6,699,409

Other equity instruments                                               48       15,000,000        15,000,000

Capital reserve                                                                 27,533,939        27,533,939

Less: Treasury stock                                                   47          663,954                  —

Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive income                                     49          542,629           299,070

Foreign currency translation reserve                                               278,786           172,076

General reserves                                                       50       16,401,426        13,864,963

Retained profits                                                                19,256,086        17,153,389

Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                              85,048,321        80,722,846

Non-controlling interests                                                            79,530            69,508

Total equity                                                                    85,127,851        80,792,354

   The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           221
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
As at December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                   Notes            2019              2018

  Non-current liabilities

  Accrued staff costs                                                42          525,040           787,540

  Deferred tax liabilities                                           27          485,282           148,764

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         44        2,157,877          2,404,123

  Deferred income                                                                122,537           125,734

  Lease liabilities                                                  46          984,520

  Long-term borrowings                                               52          268,735          1,380,015

  Bonds payable                                                      54       50,512,888         35,563,737

  Total non-current liabilities                                               55,056,879         40,409,913

  Total equity and non-current liabilities                                  140,184,730      121,202,267

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
     The consolidated financial statements on pages 218 to 365 were approved and authorized for issue by
the board of directors on March 27, 2020 and are signed on its behalf by:




                        HUO Da                                          XIONG Jiantao
              Executive Director, Chairman                        Executive Director, President




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

222
                                                                                         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                         Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                          Investment
                                                                                                          revaluation
                                                                                                           reserve of
                                                                                                             financial
                                                                                                             assets at
                                                                                                            fair value
                                                                                                              through
                                                                    Other                                        other                                                                        Non-
                                                    Share          equity      Capital        Treasury comprehensive           Translation        General    Retained                   controlling
                                                   capital   instruments      reserves           stock         income              reserve       reserves      profits     Sub-total      interests        Total
                                                               (Note 48)                     (Note 47)         (Note 49)                        (Note 50)
At January 1, 2018                               6,699,409    15,000,000    27,533,939              —            398,973          (114,737)    12,790,340   16,923,112    79,231,036       103,555    79,334,591
Profit for the year                                     —             —             —               —                 —                 —              —     4,424,986     4,424,986        21,275     4,446,261
Other comprehensive (expense) income
for the year                                            —             —             —               —            (99,903)         286,813              —            —       186,910             —       186,910
Total comprehensive (expense) income
for the year                                            —             —             —               —            (99,903)         286,813              —     4,424,986     4,611,896        21,275     4,633,171
Capital redemption by non- controlling
shareholders                                            —             —             —               —                 —                 —              —            —             —        (11,998)      (11,998)
Appropriation to general reserve                        —             —             —               —                 —                 —       1,074,623   (1,074,623)           —             —             —
Distribution to holders of other equity
instruments (note 55)                                   —             —             —               —                 —                 —              —      (802,090)     (802,090)           —       (802,090)
Dividends recognized as distribution (note 55)          —             —             —               —                 —                 —              —    (2,317,996)   (2,317,996)      (43,324)   (2,361,320)
At December 31, 2018                             6,699,409    15,000,000    27,533,939              —            299,070          172,076      13,864,963   17,153,389    80,722,846        69,508    80,792,354
Effect of adoption of IFRS 16                           —             —             —               —                 —                 —              —       (72,487)      (72,487)           —        (72,487)

At January 1, 2019                               6,699,409    15,000,000    27,533,939              —            299,070          172,076      13,864,963   17,080,902    80,650,359        69,508    80,719,867
Profit for the year                                     —             —             —               —                 —                 —              —     7,282,381     7,282,381        30,902     7,313,283
Other comprehensive income for the year                 —             —             —               —            243,559          106,710              —            —       350,269             —       350,269
Total comprehensive income for the year                 —             —             —               —            243,559          106,710              —     7,282,381     7,632,650        30,902     7,663,552
Appropriation to general reserves                       —             —             —               —                 —                 —       1,944,678   (1,944,678)           —             —             —
Distribution to holders of other equity
instruments (note 55)                                   —             —             —               —                 —                 —              —      (802,090)     (802,090)           —       (802,090)
Dividends recognized as distribution (note 55)          —             —             —               —                 —                 —              —    (1,768,644)   (1,768,644)      (20,880)   (1,789,524)
Repurchase of ordinary shares                           —             —             —         (663,954)               —                 —              —            —       (663,954)           —       (663,954)
Others                                                  —             —             —               —                 —                 —        591,785      (591,785)           —             —             —
At December 31, 2019                             6,699,409    15,000,000    27,533,939        (663,954)          542,629          278,786      16,401,426   19,256,086    85,048,321        79,530    85,127,851




                                                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                       223
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                 Year ended December 31
                                                                                       2019           2018
  OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Profit before income tax                                                        8,773,637      5,447,485
  Adjustments for:
  Interest expenses                                                               6,393,610      6,340,505
  Share of results of associates                                                    (882,008)      (917,473)
  Depreciation and amortization                                                     530,908        216,391
  Impairment losses, net                                                             95,583        124,248
  Losses on disposal of property and equipment, other intangible assets and
  other non-current assets, net                                                        2,754          1,230
  Foreign exchange (gains) losses, net                                               (30,189)       75,487
  Net realized (gains) losses from disposal of financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                                (183,740)       22,463
  Dividend income and interest income on financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                              (2,167,290)    (1,808,581)
  Unrealized fair value changes in financial instruments at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                                  (2,089,290)      680,300
  Unrealized fair value changes in derivative financial instruments                   66,027        (38,296)
  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                       10,510,002     10,143,759
  (Increase) decrease in advances to customers                                   (12,096,676)   17,239,589
  Increase in other current assets                                                  (666,807)      (674,903)
  (Increase) decrease in financial assets held under resale agreements            (2,788,974)    3,050,168
  Increase in financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss, net    (34,895,689)   (20,577,688)
  Increase in deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions         (3,349,470)      (206,942)
  Decrease in clearing settlement funds                                           1,757,796        143,640
  (Increase) decrease in cash held on behalf of customers                        (12,895,839)    2,381,578
  Increase (decrease) in accounts payable to brokerage clients                   12,679,565      (2,183,587)
  Increase (decrease) in accrued staff costs                                      1,126,242        (986,470)
  Increase in other current liabilities                                           3,312,085        886,059
  Increase in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  36,364,189     27,817,631
  Increase in placements from banks and other financial institutions              3,500,000      2,030,000
  Cash from operation                                                             2,556,424     39,062,834
  Income taxes paid                                                               (1,381,980)      (632,865)
  Interest paid                                                                   (2,323,934)    (1,739,044)
  NET CASH (USED IN) FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                    (1,149,490)   36,690,925




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

224
                                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                               Year ended December 31
                                                                                     2019               2018
INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Dividends and interest received from investments                                 2,422,525        1,900,175

Purchase of property and equipment,other intangible assets and other
non-current assets                                                                (241,338)         (461,339)

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment, other intangible assets
and other non-current assets                                                         1,793             1,297

Net purchase or proceeds from disposal of debt instruments at fair value
through other comprehensive income                                              (3,934,246)     (19,708,161)

Net purchase or proceeds from disposal of debt instruments at amortized cost       (47,832)                —

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                           (1,799,098)     (18,268,028)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Dividends paid to shareholders and other equity instrument holders              (2,591,614)       (3,163,410)

Interest payment of bonds and short-term debt instruments                       (4,265,247)       (4,157,576)

Interest payment of borrowings                                                    (115,555)         (133,595)

Interest payment of lease liabilities                                              (37,418)

Repayment of bonds and short-term debt instruments                             (98,020,130)     (87,200,340)

Proceeds from bonds and short-term debt instruments                            109,284,840       78,935,720

Repayment of lease liabilities                                                    (278,287)

Net repayment or proceeds from short-term borrowings                             1,447,534        (5,230,149)

Net repayment or proceeds from long-term borrowings                                     —           (121,317)

Repurchase of ordinary shares                                                     (663,954)                —

Other financing activities payments                                                     —            (11,998)

NET CASH FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                     4,760,169      (21,082,665)

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                             1,811,581        (2,659,768)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                          11,143,119       13,371,687

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                           219,040           431,200

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR                                13,173,740       11,143,119

NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES INCLUDE
Interest received                                                                6,282,046        6,546,697




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          225
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1.    CORPORATE INFORMATION

      China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd (the “Company”) was formerly established as a securities
department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. On August 1, 1993, with the approval of People’s Bank of
China (Shenzhen branch) and Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Company was duly
established as the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行證券業務部). On August
26, 1994, the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. was renamed as Shenzhen CMB
Securities Company (深圳招銀證券公司). On September 28, 1994, Shenzhen CMB Securities Company (深圳
招銀證券公司) further changed its name to CMB Securities Company (招銀證券公司). On November 6, 1998,
with the approval of People’s Bank of China and China Securities Regulatory Commission, CMB Securities
Company (招銀證券公司) increased its paid-in capital and changed its name to Guotong Securities Limited
Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司).
     After completion of registration with Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, Guotong
Securities Limited Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司) restructured and changed its name to Guotong
Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) on December 26, 2001, with The Approval to The Resolution
about Managing The State-owned Shares of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Cai Qi
[2001] No. 723) issued by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), The Approval
for Changing the Name of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [2001]
No. 285) issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and The Approval for Equity Restructuring
of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Shen Fu Gu [2001] No. 49) issued by the Municipal
Government of Shenzhen. On June 28, 2002, Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) was
renamed as China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司).
     On November 2, 2009, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission ([2009] No. 1132),
the Company launched its initial public offering of 358,546,141 A shares. On November 17, 2009, the
Company started to be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company’s ultimate holding company is
China Merchants Group Limited (“CMG”). CMG is a PRC enterprise regulated and directly managed by the
State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council and CMG is owned and
controlled by the PRC Government.
     On October 7, 2016, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission ([2016] No. 1735),
the Company issued RMB 891,273,800 H Shares, which were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”).
     As at December 31, 2019, the Company’s registered capital was RMB 6,699,409,329 and the Company
has a total of 6,699,409,329 issued shares of RMB 1 each.
     The address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company is No. 111, 1st
Fuhua Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, the PRC. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in securities brokerage, securities financial advisory,
financial advisory relating to securities trading and securities investment activities, securities underwriting
and sponsorship, proprietary trading, asset management, margin financing and securities lending, securities
investment fund distribution, intermediary services to futures company, agency sales of financial products,
insurance agency and securities investment management.
     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as
functional currency of the Company. All financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial
statements are presented in RMB and has been rounded to the nearest thousands, except when otherwise
indicates.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

226
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

     New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year.
    The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time in the current year.

       IFRS 16                         Leases

       IFRIC 23                        Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments

       Amendments to IAS 19            Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement

       Amendments to IAS 28            Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures

       Amendments to IFRSs             Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2015–2017 Cycle

     Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has
had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and
on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.


2.1 IFRS 16 Leases

     The Group has applied IFRS 16 for the first time in the current year. IFRS 16 superseded IAS 17 Leases
(“IAS 17”), and the related interpretations.


Definition of a lease

      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
     The Group has elected the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were previously
identified as leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease and
not apply this standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease. Therefore, the
Group has not reassessed contracts which already existed prior to the date of initial application.
     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application, the Group assesses
whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception or modification
date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
changed.




                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                               227
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
      REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

2.1 IFRS 16 Leases (Continued)

As a lessee

     The Group has applied IFRS 16 retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized at the date of initial
application, January 1, 2019.
      As at January 1, 2019, the Group recognized additional lease liabilities and measured right-of-use assets
at the carrying amounts as if IFRS 16 had been applied since commencement dates, but discounted using the
incremental borrowing rates of the relevant group entities at the date of initial application by applying IFRS
16.C8(b)(i) transition. Any difference at the date of initial application is recognized in the opening retained
profits and comparative information has not been restated.
     When applying the modified retrospective approach under IFRS 16 at transition, the Group applied the
following practical expedients to leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17, on lease-by-
lease basis, to the extent relevant to the respective lease contracts:
      i.       relied on the assessment of whether leases are onerous by applying IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
               Liabilities and Contingent Assets as an alternative of impairment review;
      ii.      elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with lease term ends
               within 12 months of the date of initial application;
      iii.     excluded initial direct costs from measuring the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application;
      iv.      applied a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with a similar remaining terms for similar class
               of underlying assets in similar economic environment; and
      v.       used hindsight based on facts and circumstances as at date of initial application in determining the
               lease term for the Group’s leases with extension and termination options.
     When recognizing the lease liabilities for leases previously classified as operating leases, the Group
has applied incremental borrowing rates of the relevant group entities at the date of initial application. The
lessee’s incremental borrowing rate ranged from 2.69% to 3.91% per annum.

                                                                                                                At
                                                                                                         January 1,
                                                                                                              2019
            Operating lease commitments disclosed as at December 31, 2018                                   955,091
            Lease liabilities discounted at relevant incremental borrowing rates                            882,241
            Add: Extension options reasonably certain to be exercised                                       465,053
            Less: Recognition exemption short-term leases                                                   (31,942)
            Lease liabilities relating to operating leases recognized upon
            application of IFRS 16 as at January 1, 2019                                                  1,315,352
            Analyzed as
              Current                                                                                       280,424
              Non-current                                                                                 1,034,928


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

228
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

2.1 IFRS 16 Leases (Continued)

As a lessee (Continued)

     The carrying amount of right-of-use assets as at January 1, 2019 comprises the following:

                                                                                                           At
                                                                                                    January 1,
                                                                                                         2019

      Right-of-use assets relating to operating leases recognized upon
      application of IFRS 16                                                                        1,666,339

      By class:

         Leasehold land                                                                               431,685

         Land and buildings                                                                         1,234,654

     The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognized in the consolidated statement of
financial position at January 1, 2019. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been
included.

                                                                   Carrying
                                                                  amounts                              Carrying
                                                                 previously                           amounts
                                                                reported at                      under IFRS 16
                                                              December 31,                        at January 1,
                                                                       2018    Adjustments                 2019
      Non-current assets
      Right-of-use assets                                                 —        1,666,339        1,666,339
      Prepaid lease payment                                        431,685          (431,685)                —
      Current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                                   —          280,424          280,424
      Other payables and accrued charges                         3,524,201             (8,211)      3,515,990
      Equity
      Retained profits                                          17,153,389           (72,487)      17,080,902
      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                                   —        1,034,928        1,034,928

     Note:   For the purpose of reporting cash flows from operating activities under indirect method for the year
             ended December 31, 2019, movements in working capital have been computed based on opening
             consolidated statement of financial position as at January 1, 2019 as disclosed above.



                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            229
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
      REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

New and revised IFRSs issued but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but
are not yet effective.

          IFRS 17                                Insurance Contracts1

          Amendments to IFRS 3                   Definition of a Business2

          Amendments IFRS 10 and IAS 28          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                 Associate or Joint Venture3

          Amendments to IAS 1                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current5

          Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8          Definition of Material4

          Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39,          Interest Rate Benchmark Reform4
          and IFRS 7

      1
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021
      2
             Effective for business combination or asset acquisition for which the acquisition date is on or after the
             beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after January 1, 2020
      3
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
      4
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020
      5
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022
    In addition to the above new and amendments to IFRSs, a revised Conceptual Framework for Financial
Reporting was issued in 2018. Its consequential amendments, the Amendments to References to the
Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1,
2020.
     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the new and amendments to IFRSs will
have no material impact on the consolidated financial statement in the foreseeable future.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

230
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the following accounting
policies which conform with IFRSs. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
accounting policies set out below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given
in exchange for goods and services.
     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
     transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price
     is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value
     of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if
     market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at
     the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
     financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for leasing transactions that are accounted
     for in accordance with IFRS 16 (since 1 January 2019) or IAS 17 (before application of IFRS 16), and
     measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as value in use in IAS
     36 Impairment of Assets.
     For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable
     inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so
     that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.
     For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
     the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
     inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
     •     Level 1: Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities that
           the entity can access at the measurement date;
     •     Level 2: Inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for
           the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly;
     •     Level 3: Inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
     The principal accounting policies are set out below.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             231
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
(including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved where the
Company:
      (a)   has power over the investee;
      (b)   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
      (c)   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
      When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the
investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of
the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not
the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:
      •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
            other vote holders;
      •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;
      •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
      •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the
            current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including
            voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.
      Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less accumulated
impairment loss, if any, in the Company’s statement of financial position. Specifically, income and expenses
of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or
losses from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

232
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Basis of consolidation (Continued)

      Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company
and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of
the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
deficit balance.
     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.
    All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.
      Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over
the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.
       Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests is adjusted and the fair
value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of the
Company. When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it (i) derecognizes the carrying amount of any non-
controlling interests in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost (including any components of
other comprehensive income attributable to them) and (ii) derecognizes the assets (including any goodwill)
and liabilities of the subsidiary at their carrying amounts at the date when control is lost. When assets and
liabilities of the subsidiary are carried at revalued amounts or fair values and the related cumulative gain or
loss has been recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity, the amounts previously
recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are accounted for as if the Group
had directly disposed of the related assets and liabilities. The fair value of any investment retained in the
former subsidiary at the date when control is lost which is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for
subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in
an associate.




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            233
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Structured entities

      The Group serves as the manager of collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships.
These collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships invest mainly in equities, debt securities,
cash and cash equivalents and securities-backed lending under resales agreements. The Group’s proportion of
ownership in these structured entities can fluctuate from day to day according to the Group’s and third-party
participation in them. Where the Group is deemed to control such collective asset management schemes,
funds and partnerships, with control determined based on an analysis of the guidance in IFRS 10 Consolidated
financial statements, they are consolidated, with the interests of parties other than the Group being classified
as liabilities because there is a contractual obligation for the relevant group entity as an issuer to repurchase
or redeem units in such collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships for cash. These are
presented as “Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss” in the consolidated statement of financial
position.


Business combinations

      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their
fair value, except that:
(1)   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
      are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income taxes and IAS 19 Employee benefits
      respectively;
(2)   liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
      based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
      of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based payment at the acquisition date;
      and
(3)   assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current assets
      held for sale and discontinued operations are measured in accordance with that standard.
(4)   lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
      defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for
      which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of
      low value. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease
      liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market
      terms.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

234
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Business combinations (Continued)

       Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed. If, after re-assessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree
(if any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.
     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at
the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net
assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as
appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously
been recognized in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments would be
accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held
equity interest.


Foreign currencies

     When the Company receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to
functional currency at the spot exchange rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions
are, on initial recognition, translated to functional currency at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.
     A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the “People’s Bank of China”, the State
Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that
approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under a systematic and rational method, normally
the average exchange rate of the current year.
      Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to functional currency at the spot
exchange rate at the end of the year. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss.
Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated
to functional currency using the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items
denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange
rate on the date the fair value is determined; the resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or
loss.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             235
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Foreign currencies (Continued)

      The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to presentation currency at the spot
exchange rate at the end of reporting period. The equity items, excluding “retained profits”, are translated to
presentation currency at the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The income and expenses of foreign
operation are translated to presentation currency at the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates. The
resulting translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to
profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Company’s interests in associates.


Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, and short-term, highly liquid
investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of
change in value.


Goodwill

      Goodwill represents the excess of:
      (1)   the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
            interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
            acquiree; or
      (2)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition
            date.
     When (2) is greater than (1), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a
bargain purchase.
     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition
of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition
in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than
the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss. An
impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.
     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in
the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the
acquisition of associates is described below.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

236
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Interests in associates

     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint
control over those policies.
     The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial
statements using the equity method of accounting, unless it is classified as held for sale. The financial
statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies
as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
      Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognized in the consolidated
statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the profit
or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate
exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form
part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognizing its share of further
losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
      An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the
investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee
is recognized as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the
Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
reassessment, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.
     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
impaired. When any objective evidence exist, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment as a single asset by comparing its
recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount.
Any impairment loss recognized forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that
impairment loss is recognized in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
investment subsequently increases.
      Upon disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interest in an associate in which the Group lost
significant influence and discontinued the use of equity method, any retained interest that is within the scope
of IFRS 9 is measured at fair value on that date, the difference between the carrying amount of the associate
at the date, and the proceeds from disposing of such interest (or partial interest) in the associate and the fair
value of the retained interest is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate.
In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognized in their comprehensive income in
relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the
related asset or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income
by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the
Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss.




                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                               237
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Interests in associates (Continued)

     When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity
method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been
recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss
would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.
     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group (such as a sale or contribution of
assets), profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate are recognized in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the
Group.
     When an investment in an associate is held by, or is held indirectly through, a group entity that is
a venture capital organization and similar entities, the Group may elect to measure investments in those
associates at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9.


Property and equipment and other non-current assets

      Property and equipment including buildings and leasehold land (classified as finance leases) and other
non-current assets including leasehold improvement and deferred expenses for use in the supply of services,
or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress) are stated in the consolidated statement
of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation/amortization and subsequent
accumulated impairment losses, if any.
     Depreciation/amortization is recognized so as to write off their costs, other than construction in
progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using straight-line method. The estimated
useful lives, residual values and depreciation/amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting
period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
      Construction in progress is carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include
professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s
accounting policy. Such properties are classified to the appropriate categories when completed and ready
for intended use. Depreciation/amortization of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.
     An item of property and equipment and other non-current assets is derecognized upon disposal or when
no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising
on the disposal or retirement is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.
     If an item of property and equipment becomes an investment property because its use has changed as
evidenced by end of owner-occupation, the cost and accumulated depreciation of that item at the date of
transfer are transferred to investment property for subsequent measurement and disclosure purposes.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

238
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Property and equipment and other non-current assets (Continued)

     The estimated residual value rates and useful lives of each class of property and equipment and other
non-current assets are as follows:

                                                                                    Estimated
                                                                                      residual
       Classes                                                                     value rates       Useful lives

       Leasehold land and buildings                                                        5%         30-50 years

       Motor vehicles                                                                      5%             5 years

       Electronic and communication equipment                                              5%             5 years

       Office equipment                                                                    5%             5 years



Intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired separately

      Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortization for intangible assets with finite useful
lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and
amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimates being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are
acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses (see the accounting
policy in respect of impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill below).
     The estimated useful lives of each class of intangible assets with finite useful life are as follows:

       Classes                                                                                       Useful lives

       Trading rights                                                                                    10 years

       Others                                                                                             5 years




                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              239
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Intangible assets (Continued)

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

      The intangible assets acquired in the business combination shall be separately recognized from the
goodwill, and shall be initially recognized based on the fair value at the acquisition date (as the cost of the
intangible assets). After the initial recognition, the intangible assets with limited useful lives obtained in the
business combination shall be presented on the same basis as the intangible assets obtained separately, and
shall be presented according to the cost minus accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment
losses. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives obtained in a business combination are stated at cost
less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses. (Please refer to the accounting policy related to the
impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill below).
      An intangible asset is derecognized when it is disposed of or it is expected that its use or disposal will
no longer generate future economic benefits. The gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible
asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset,
and are recognized in profit or loss on derecognition of the asset.


Impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and
equipment, right-of-use assets, investment property, intangible assets with finite useful lives, and other non-
current assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss.
If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent
of the impairment loss, if any. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated
to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating
units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever
there is an indication that they may be impaired.
      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
      Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-
generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment
loss been recognized for the asset (or the cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss
is recognized immediately in profit or loss.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

240
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases

Definition of a lease (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)

      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
      For contracts entered into or modified or arising from business combinations on or after the date of
initial application, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition
under IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be
reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


The Group as lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)

Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of
the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease
components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-
alone prices.
      As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the financial statements would not differ materially from
individual leases within the portfolio.


Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of buildings that have a lease
term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies
the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets.
      Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease term.


Right-of-use assets

     The cost of right-of-use assets includes:
     •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
     •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
     •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
           restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required
           by the terms and conditions of the lease.




                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                               241
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

The Group as lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)
(Continued)

Right-of-use assets (Continued)

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
      Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
leased assets at the end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful
life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
useful life and the lease term.
     The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property as a
separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


Lease liabilities

     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the
present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate
implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
      The lease payments include:
      •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
      •    variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate;
      •    amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees;
      •    the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group; and
      •    payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
           option to terminate.
      After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

242
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

The Group as lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)
(Continued)

Lease liabilities (Continued)

     The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
assets) whenever:
     •    the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option,
          in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
          using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
     •    the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review
          or expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
          remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.
      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
position.


Lease modifications

     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:
     •    the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
          assets; and
     •    the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
          for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
          circumstances of the particular contract.
       For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


The Group as lessee (prior to 1 January)

     Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
     Operating lease payments are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
      In the event that lease incentives are received to enter into operating leases, such incentives are
recognized as a liability. The aggregate benefit of incentives is recognized as a reduction of rental expense on
a straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            243
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

The Group as lessors

Classification and measurement of leases

      Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms
of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as receivables at commencement date
at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective
leases. Initial direct costs are included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest
income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net
investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
     Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term
of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to
the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term


Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate
consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from
lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.


Borrowing costs

      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use
or sale.
      If the construction of qualifying assets have been suspended under abnormal circumstances, the
corresponding capitalization of the borrowing cost should be stopped accordingly. All other borrowing costs
are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


Government grants

     Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

244
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Government grants (Continued)

      Government grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire non-current assets are recognized as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial
position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
assets.
      Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognized in
profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.


Employee benefits

Salaries and allowances

      Salaries and allowances are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
is provided. A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-
sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past
service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.


Contributions to retirement benefits scheme

      The Group participates in Central Provident Fund Scheme for its employees in the PRC organized by the
municipal governments of the relevant provinces. The Group also participates in the Mandatory Provident
Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) for its employees in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund
Scheme Ordinance. The Group also sets up annuity scheme for qualified employees. Annuity contributions are
accrued based on a certain percentage of the participants’ total salary when employees have rendered service
entitling them to the contributions. The contribution is recognized in profit or loss.


Other social welfare

     Social welfare expenditure refers to payments for employees’ social welfare system established by
the government of the PRC, including social pension insurance, health care insurance, housing funds and
other social welfare contributions. The Group contributes on a regular basis to these funds based on certain
percentage of the employees’ salaries and the contributions are recognized in profit or loss for the period
when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. The Group’s liabilities in respect of
these funds are limited to the contribution payable in the reporting period.


Other long-term employee benefits

     The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in respect of their services in the current and prior
periods.


                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             245
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Taxation

     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax. Current tax and
deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or
items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.


Current tax

      Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable profit or loss for the year, using tax
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
previous years. Current tax payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends.


Deferred tax

      Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
      Deferred tax is not recognized for:
      •    temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
           business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
      •    temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries and associates to the extent that the
           Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
           that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
      •    taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
      The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which
the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets
and liabilities.
     Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when
they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
liabilities and assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or
on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax
assets and liabilities will be realized simultaneously.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

246
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Taxation (Continued)

Deferred tax (Continued)

     A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.
      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognizes
the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements
to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences on initial recognition of the
relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognized due to application of the initial recognition
exemption. Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are
not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognized on the date of remeasurement or modification.


Financial instruments

     A financial instrument is defined as any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a
financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.


(i)   Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

    A financial asset or financial liability is recognized in the statements of financial position when the Group
becomes a party to the contractual provisions of a financial instrument.
      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its retained interest in the
asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial asset
and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             247
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(i)    Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments (Continued)

     The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.
     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying
amount of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual
cash flows discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees
incurred are adjusted to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortized over the
remaining term. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognized in profit or loss
at the date of modification.


(ii)   Classification of financial assets

     The Group classifies financial assets as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through
other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss on the basis of both the Group’s business
model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets.
       A financial asset shall be measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:
       •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in
            order to collect contractual cash flows; and
       •    the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

248
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(ii)   Classification of financial assets (Continued)

     A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if both of the
following conditions are met:
       •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
            collecting contractual cash flows; and
       •    the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
      A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through profit or loss unless it is measured at amortized
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as stated above. However the Group may make
an irrevocable election at initial recognition for particular investments in equity instruments that would
otherwise be measured at fair value through profit or loss to present subsequent changes in fair value in
other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
recognized by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.
       A financial asset is held for trading if:
       •    it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
       •    on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
            manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
       •    it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.
     At initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset as measured at fair value
through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


(iii) Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Classification as debt or equity

     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


Financial liabilities

       The Group classifies all financial liabilities as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for:
       •    financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Such liabilities, including derivatives that are
            liabilities, shall be subsequently measured at fair value.
       •    financial liabilities that arise when a transfer of a financial asset does not qualify for derecognition
            or when the continuing involvement approach applies.
       •    financial guarantee contracts and commitments to provide a loan at a below-market interest rate.




                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  249
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(iii) Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)

Equity instruments

      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
received, net of direct issue costs.


(iv) Embedded derivatives

    An embedded derivative is a component of a hybrid contract that also includes a non-derivative host. An
embedded derivative and its host contract form a hybrid contract.
     If a hybrid contract contains a host that is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group shall not
separate an embedded derivative from the host, but shall apply the requirements of IFRS 9 to the entire hybrid
contract.


(v)   Reclassification of financial instruments

      When, and only when, the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets it shall
reclassify all affected financial assets. The Group shall not reclassify any financial liability.
      If the Group reclassifies financial assets, it shall apply the reclassification prospectively from the
reclassification date. The Group shall not restate any previously recognized gains, losses (including impairment
gains or losses) or interest.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the amortized cost measurement category and
           into the fair value through profit or loss measurement category, its fair value is measured at the
           reclassification date. Any gain or loss arising from a difference between the previous amortized cost
           of the financial asset and fair value is recognized in profit or loss.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the amortized cost measurement category and
           into the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, its fair value
           is measured at the reclassification date. Any gain or loss arising from a difference between the
           previous amortized cost of the financial asset and fair value is recognized in other comprehensive
           income. The effective interest rate and the measurement of expected credit losses are not adjusted
           as a result of the reclassification.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

250
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(v)   Reclassification of financial instruments (Continued)

      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through other comprehensive income
           measurement category and into the amortized cost measurement category, the financial asset
           is reclassified at its fair value at the reclassification date. However, the cumulative gain or loss
           previously recognized in other comprehensive income is removed from equity and adjusted against
           the fair value of the financial asset at the reclassification date. As a result, the financial asset is
           measured at the reclassification date as if it had always been measured at amortized cost. The
           effective interest rate and the measurement of expected credit losses are not adjusted as a result of
           the reclassification.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through other comprehensive income
           measurement category and into the fair value through profit or loss measurement category, the
           financial asset continues to be measured at fair value. The cumulative gain or loss previously
           recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss at the
           reclassification date.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss measurement
           category and into the amortized cost measurement category, its fair value at the reclassification
           date becomes its new gross carrying amount.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss measurement
           category and into the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, the
           financial asset continues to be measured at fair value.
     When reclassifying the financial assets, the Group determines effective interest rate based on the fair
value of the financial assets at the reclassification date.


(vi) Measurement of financial instruments

      The Group initially recognizes a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value. Fair value is the
transaction price of a financial asset or financial liability. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
     After initial recognition, the Group subsequently measure a financial asset at amortized cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss.
     After initial recognition, the Group subsequently measure a financial liability at amortized cost or fair
value through profit or loss.




                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  251
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(vi) Measurement of financial instruments (Continued)

      Interest income is calculated by using the effective interest method.


(vii) Impairment of financial instruments

      The Group recognize a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) for the following items:
      •    financial assets that are measured at amortized cost or debt instruments measured at fair value
           through other comprehensive;
      •    lease receivables;
      •    contract assets;
      •    loan commitments that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.
      ECL are defined as the weighted average of the credit losses of financial instruments with the respective
risks of default occurring as the weights.
       The Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since
initial recognition at the reporting date and recognizes the loss allowance for expected credit loss and its
movement.
      •    The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
           lifetime ECL if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
           recognition. An impairment loss (gain) is recognized in profit or loss for the amount of ECL (or
           reversal) needed to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the required amount.
      •    The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for accounts receivable recognized under IFRS 15.
           The ECL are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances and/or collectively using a
           provision matrix with aging groupings.
      •    Except for accounts receivable recognized under IFRS 15, the Group measure the loss allowance for
           a financial instrument at an amount equal to the 12-month ECL if the credit risk on that financial
           instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition. An impairment loss (gain) is
           recognized in profit or loss for the amount of ECL (or reversal) needed to adjust the loss allowance
           at the reporting date to the required amount.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

252
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(vii) Impairment of financial instruments (Continued)

     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on
the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
impaired includes the following observable events:
     •     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or borrower;
     •     a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
     •     the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
           financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
           otherwise consider;
     •     it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization;
     •     the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or
     •     the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
           losses.


(viii) Profit of loss

      A gain or loss on a financial asset or financial liability that is measured at fair value shall be recognized
in profit or loss unless:
     •     it is a non-held for trading investment in an equity instrument that is designated as at fair value
           through other comprehensive income and the entity has elected to present gains and losses on that
           investment in other comprehensive income;
     •     it is a financial liability designated as at fair value through profit or loss and the entity is required to
           present the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income;
     •     it is a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and the entity is
           required to recognize some changes in fair value in other comprehensive income.
       A gain or loss on a financial asset that is measured at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging is
recognized in profit or loss when the financial asset is derecognized, reclassified, through the amortization
process or in order to recognize impairment gains or losses. A gain or loss on a financial liability that is
measured at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging is recognized in profit or loss when the financial
liability is derecognized and through the amortization process.




                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 253
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(ix) Estimation of fair value

     If there is a principal market for the asset or liability, the fair value measurement represents the price in
that market.
     If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair
value. Valuation techniques include market approach, income approach and cost approach. Unobservable
inputs are acceptable in valuation technique only when observable inputs are not available.
     The fair value of a liability reflects the effect of non-performance risk. Non-performance risk includes,
but may not be limited to, an entity’s own credit risk. Non-performance risk is assumed to be the same before
and after the transfer of the liability.


(x)   Transfer and derecognize of financial assets

      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
the asset to another entity.
      On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between:
      •    the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition) and
      •    the consideration received is recognized in profit or loss.
      If a part of a financial asset is transferred and the part transferred qualifies for derecognition in its
entirety, the previous carrying amount of the larger financial asset shall be allocated between the part that
continues to be recognized and the part that is derecognized, on the basis of the relative fair values of those
parts on the date of the transfer. The difference between:
      •    the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition) allocated to the part derecognized
           and
      •    the consideration received for the part derecognized is recognized in profit or loss.
       If a transfer does not result in derecognition because the Group has retained substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of the transferred asset, the entity shall continue to recognize the transferred asset
in its entirety and shall recognize a financial liability for the consideration received. In subsequent periods, the
entity shall recognize any income on the transferred asset and any expense incurred on the financial liability.


(xi) Derivative financial instruments

      Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value at the date a derivative contract is
entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value of these derivative financial
instruments other than those designed as hedge instrument are recognized in profit or loss. All derivatives
are recognized as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative. Fair
values are obtained from quoted market prices in active market or are determined using valuation techniques,
including discounted cash flow model and options pricing model as appropriate.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

254
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(xii) Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statements of
financial position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and
the transactions are intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realizing the asset and settling the liability
simultaneously.


Revenue from contracts with customers

     The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.
      An entity shall account for a contract with a customer that is within the scope of this Standard only when
all of the following criteria are met:
     •    the parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally or in accordance with
          other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations;
     •    the entity can identify each party’s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred;
     •    the entity can identify the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred;
     •    the contract has commercial substance (i.e. the risk, timing or amount of the entity’s future cash
          flows is expected to change as a result of the contract); and
     •    it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange
          for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer.
      When a contract with a customer does not meet the criteria stated above and an entity receives
consideration from the customer, the entity shall recognize the consideration received as revenue only when
either of the following events has occurred the entity has no remaining obligations to transfer goods or
services to the customer and all, or substantially all, of the consideration promised by the customer has been
received by the entity and is non-refundable, otherwise the consideration received from a customer should be
considered as a contract liability.
     Revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
          performance as the Group performs;
     •    the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
          performs; or
     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
          Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           255
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
good or service. The Group shall consider indicators of the transfer of control, which include, but are not
limited to, the following:
      •     The Group has a present right to payment for the asset and a customer is presently obliged to pay
            for an asset.
      •     The Group has transferred physical possession of the asset and the customer has obtained physical
            possession of an asset.
      •     The customer has accepted the good for service.
      •     Other indicators of the transfer of control of the good or service to the customer.
    For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending
on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future
when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
     At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully
the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the
reporting period.
       When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself
(i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e.
the Group is an agent).
     The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
transferred to a customer.
      The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it
recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.
      Details are as followed:
      (i)   Fee and commission income
            •    Brokerage commission income is recognized at a point in time on a trade date basis at a
                 certain percentage of the transaction value of the trades executed.
            •    Handling and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognized at a point
                 in time when the related services are rendered.
            •    Commission income of the agency custody of securities business is recognized over time as
                 the customers simultaneously receive benefits provided by the Group.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

256
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

             •    Underwriting and sponsors fees are recognized at a point in time when the relevant activities
                  are completed.
             •    Asset and fund management fee income is recognized as a performance obligation satisfied
                  over time as the customers simultaneously receive benefits provided by the Group.
     (ii)    Interest income
     Interest income from a financial asset is accrued on a timely basis using the effective interest method.
     (iii)   Other income
      Other income mainly comes from the bulk commodities trading of the Group’s commodities trading
subsidiaries. The revenue is recognized at a point in time when the Group fulfills its performance obligations
in the contract and the customer obtains the control of relevant bulk commodity goods.


Provision

     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and the amount of the
obligation can be reliably measured.
     The amount recognized as provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
present obligation at the end of each reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time
value of money is material).
      When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
from a third party, a receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be
received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.


Segment reporting

      Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the
structure of the Group’s internal organization, management requirements and internal reporting system. Each
of the Group’s operating segments represents a strategic business unit that offers services which are subject
to risks and returns that are different from the other operating segments.
      Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments
have same or similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and
service, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services,
the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
environment. Financial performance is regularly reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions
about resource to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which consolidated
financial statements regarding financial position, financial performance and cash flows is available.
     Inter segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for
segment reporting, and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial
statements.

                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           257
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Related parties

      If a party has the power to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence over another party, or
vice versa, or where the Group and one or more parties are subject to common control or joint control from
another party, they are considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals or enterprises.
Enterprises with which the Group is under common control only from the State and that have no other related
party relationships are not regarded as related parties of the Group. Related parties of the Group include, but
are not limited to:
      •    the Company’s parent/de facto controller;
      •    the Company’s subsidiaries;
      •    enterprises that are controlled by the Company’s parent;
      •    investors that have joint control or exercise significant influence over the Group;
      •    enterprises if a party has control or joint control over both the enterprises and the Group;
      •    joint ventures of the Group, including subsidiaries of joint ventures;
      •    associates of the Group, including subsidiaries of associates;
      •    principal individual investors of the Group and close family members of such individuals;
      •    key management personnel of the Group and close family members of such individuals;
      •    key management personnel of the Company’s parent;
      •    close family members of key management personnel of the Company’s parent;
      •    other enterprises that are controlled or jointly controlled by the principal individual investors, key
           management personnel of the Group, and close family members of such individuals; and
      •    a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of the Group, or of any entity that is
           a related party of the Group.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

258
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY

      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
from these estimates.
      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


Critical judgments in applying accounting policies

      The followings are the critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have
the most significant effect on the amounts recognized and disclosures made in the consolidated financial
statements.


Determination of consolidation scope

      All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group,
as an investor and/or as an investment manager, controls the investee. The principle of control sets out the
following three elements of control: (a) power over the investee; (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns
from involvement with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of
the investor’s returns. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
      For collective asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnerships where the Group
involves as manager and also as investor, the Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds
together with its remuneration and credit enhancement creates exposure to variability of returns from the
activities of the collective asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnerships that is of
such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal. The collective asset management schemes,
investment funds and limited partnerships are consolidated if the Group has control.


Classification of financial assets

     The classification and measurement of financial assets depend on contractual cash flow test and business
model test. The Group will consider all the relevant evidences in the business model test, including the way
the performance of financial assets are evaluated and reported to the key management, the risk affected
the performance of financial asset and how the risk are managed, as well as how the management are paid.
The Group also needs to judge whether the contractual cash flow generated by financial assets is only the
payment of the principal and interest based on the principal outstanding.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           259
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.


Measurement of ECL

Significant increase in credit risk

     Under ECL model, impairment provision equal to 12-month ECL is recognized for stage 1 financial assets
and impairment provision equal to lifetime ECL is recognized for stage 2 and stage 3 financial assets. The
Group will consider quantitative and qualitative forward-looking information with reasonable basis to assess
the credit risk increase.


Establishment of assets group with similar risk characteristics

      When the expected credit loss is measured on group basis, the financial instruments are grouped by
similar characteristics of risk. The Group continuously assesses whether these financial instruments continue
to maintain similar credit risk characteristics, so as to ensure that once the characteristics of credit risk
change, the financial instruments will be appropriately reclassified. This may result in new assets group
or reclassification of assets to certain existing assets group, so as to better reflect the similar credit risk
characteristics of which category of assets.


Use of model and assumption

      The Group adopts different models and assumptions to assess the fair value and expected credit loss
of financial assets. The Group determines the applicable model for each category of financial assets using
judgment so as to determine the assumptions used by such models, including assumptions relating to the key
drivers of credit risk.


Forward-looking information

     In assessing the expected credit loss, the Group used reasonable forward-looking information with basis.
Such information is based on the assumption of future trend of different economic driving factors, and the
assumption of how these economic driving factors affect each other.


Probability of default

     The probability is key input of expected credit risk. The probability of default is the estimates of
possibility of default in certain period of time. The calculation involves historical information, assumption and
expectation on future conditions.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

260
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

Measurement of ECL (Continued)

Loss given default

     Loss given default is the estimate of loss arising from default. It is based on the difference between
contractual cash flows and the cash flows expected to be received by the borrower, and also considered the
cash flows from pledge assets and overall credit enhancement.
     Details of above significant judgment and estimation on ECL are set out in note 62(2) and note 63.


Fair value of financial instruments

     The Group uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of financial instruments which are not
quoted in an active market. These valuation techniques use observable inputs and data of the market. When
the market observable inputs are not available, the Group make estimate on the significant unobservable
inputs and data. Details of fair value measurement are set out in note 63.


Income taxes and deferred tax assets

     There are certain transactions and activities for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during
the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts
that were initially estimated, such differences will impact the current income tax and deferred income tax in
the period during which such a determination is made.
    The realization of a deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable
temporary differences will be available in the future.
      In cases where it becomes probable that sufficient profits or taxable temporary differences are expected
to be generated, deferred tax assets would be recognized in profit or loss in that period. On the contrary, if
sufficient profits or taxable temporary differences are not expected to be generated, deferred tax assets would
be reversed in profit or loss in that period. Details of the tax losses and deductible temporary differences are
disclosed in note 27 to consolidated financial statements. As those deferred tax assets can only be recognized
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax
credits can be utilized, management’s judgment is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits.
Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognized if it
becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           261
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5.    TAXATION

      The Group’s main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

        Tax type                                  Tax basis                                       Tax rates

        Value added tax                           Based on taxable revenue                              6%

        City maintenance and construction tax     Based on value added tax accrued                      7%

                                                                                         15%,16.5% (Note),
        Enterprise income tax                     Based on taxable profits
                                                                                                     25%

        Education surcharge                       Based on value added tax accrued                  2%–3%

      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) and implementation regulation of the EIT
Law, the tax rate of the Company and its subsidiaries established in the PRC is 25% during the year, except
for as mentioned below.
     Upon the approval of the Regulation on the EIT Preferential Policies for the Development of Western
China by Ganzhou City (Trial) (《贛州市執行西部大開發企業所得稅優惠政策管理辦法（試行）》), from January
1, 2012 to December 31, 2020, the Company is subject to a tax rate of 15%. The subsidiaries of the Group
incorporated in Ganzhou namely, Ganzhou China Merchants Zhiyuan No. 1 Fund Management Co., Ltd. and
Ganzhou Zhaoyuan Investment Management Co., Ltd. are subject to the above preferential tax rate of 15%
from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2020.
     In accordance with the “Circular regarding the Value-added Taxes Policies for Financial, Real Estate
Development and Education Ancillary and Other Services” (Cai Shui [2016] No. 140), the “Supplementary
Circular regarding Issues concerning Value-added Taxes Policies for Asset Management Products” (Cai
Shui [2017] No. 2) and the “Circular on the Relevant Issues concerning Value-added Tax Levied on Asset
Management Products” (Cai Shui [2017] No. 56), the Group shall pay VAT at rate of 3% for related asset
management taxable activities undertaken after January 1, 2018.
      On March 21, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7)
Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. Under the two-tiered profits
tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and
profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-
tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

262
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION

(1)   Operating segments

     For management purposes, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately
according to the nature of their operations and the services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating
segments represents a strategic business unit that offers services which are subject to risks and returns
that are different from the other operating segments. Segment information is measured in accordance
with the accounting policies and measurement criteria adopted by each segment when reporting to the
board of directors, being the chief operating decision maker, which are consistent with the accounting and
measurement criteria in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The Group’s operating
segments are as follows:
      (i)     Wealth management and institutional business segment engages in the trading of stocks and
              futures contracts on behalf of clients. Moreover, the activities of providing margin financing,
              securities lending and selling financial products and other wealth management products are
              included in this segment;
      (ii)    Investment banking segment provides investment banking services to the Group’s institutional
              clients, including financial advisory, equity underwriting, debt underwriting and sponsorship;
      (iii)   Investment management segment primarily engages in assets management, investing advisory
              and deal execution services. Moreover, the investment income from private equity investment
              management and alternative investment are included in this segment;
      (iv)    Investment and trading segment engages in trading equity securities, fixed-income securities,
              derivatives, other financial products and market maker service; and
      (v)     Others segment primarily includes head office operations, investment holding as well as interest
              income and interest expenses incurred for generating working capital for general operation.
     No operating segments above have been aggregated in presentation. Management monitors the
operating results of the Group’s business units separately for the purpose of resource allocation and other
operating decisions. Segment performance is measured consistently with operating profit or loss in the
consolidated financial statements except that income taxes are not allocated to operating segments.




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                         263
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(1)   Operating segments (Continued)

     The operating and reportable segment information provided to the chief operating decision maker
(hereinafter refer as “CODM”) for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:

                                                                Wealth
                                                         management
                                                                   and
                                                          institutional   Investment     Investment     Investment
                                                              business       banking    management      and trading         Others     Elimination           Total

            For the year ended December 31, 2019

            Segment revenue and results

              Segment revenue                              11,955,926      1,878,151      1,844,837        7,358,833       330,232         (61,017)    23,306,962

              Segment other income and gains or losses         11,735          1,626         28,936                1     2,309,841              —        2,352,139

              Segment revenue and other income             11,967,661      1,879,777      1,873,773        7,358,834     2,640,073         (61,017)    25,659,101

              Segment expenses                             (8,620,568)      (906,320)      (378,980)      (4,847,651)    (3,074,970)       61,017      (17,767,472)

              Segment result                                3,347,093        973,457      1,494,793        2,511,183       (434,897)            —        7,891,629

              Share of results of associates (i)                    —             —           4,937          67,389        809,682              —         882,008

              Profit before income tax                      3,347,093        973,457      1,499,730        2,578,572       374,785              —        8,773,637

            As at December 31, 2019

            Segment assets and liabilities

              Segment assets                             145,680,785       1,391,831     11,694,285     210,824,946     18,308,810      (6,128,768)   381,771,889

              Segment liabilities                         (97,973,186)    (1,943,465)     (5,239,388)   (180,830,833)   (16,785,934)    6,128,768     (296,644,038)

            Other segment information

            Amounts included in the measurement of
            segment profit or loss or segment assets:

              Interest income                               6,029,638             —          57,005        1,932,941       330,232         (61,017)      8,288,799

              Interest expenses                            (2,930,793)       (32,056)        (80,894)     (3,397,041)       (13,843)       61,017       (6,393,610)

              Capital expenditure                            (143,584)        (8,915)            (47)         (9,517)       (75,331)            —         (237,394)

              Depreciation and amortization                  (294,240)       (46,402)         (7,777)        (25,924)      (156,565)            —         (530,908)

              Impairment losses                                (92,244)           —           (3,339)             —              —              —          (95,583)

      (i)        The interests in associates of Investment management segment, Investment and trading segment and
                 others segment was RMB33,150 thousand, 1,022,194 thousand and 7,778,242 thousand respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

264
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(1)   Operating segments (Continued)


                                                               Wealth
                                                        management
                                                                  and
                                                         institutional   Investment      Investment     Investment
                                                             business       banking     management      and trading         Others     Elimination           Total

         For the year ended December 31, 2018

         Segment revenue and results

             Segment revenue                              11,332,947      1,599,601       1,379,264        3,361,706       448,228         (61,557)    18,060,189

             Segment other income and gains or losses         20,408            559           2,122               —         (13,730)            —            9,359

             Segment revenue and other income             11,353,355      1,600,160       1,381,386        3,361,706       434,498         (61,557)    18,069,548

             Segment expenses                             (8,698,045)     (1,195,330)      (482,112)      (2,756,567)      (469,039)       61,557      (13,539,536)

             Segment result                                2,655,310        404,830         899,274         605,139         (34,541)            —        4,530,012

             Share of results of associates (ii)                   —              —             415          73,746        843,312              —         917,473

             Profit before income tax                      2,655,310        404,830         899,689         678,885        808,771              —        5,447,485

         As at December 31, 2018

         Segment assets and liabilities

             Segment assets                             121,418,925         434,552      10,258,167     161,933,307     16,817,015      (5,931,261)   304,930,705

             Segment liabilities                         (95,013,357)     (1,381,780)     (4,751,722)   (115,226,185)   (13,696,568)    5,931,261     (224,138,351)

         Other segment information

         Amounts included in the measurement of
         segment profit or loss or segment assets:

             Interest income                               6,401,979              —          82,589        1,315,357       448,227         (61,557)      8,186,595

             Interest expenses                            (3,761,016)        (22,861)        (73,227)     (2,544,958)            —         61,557       (6,340,505)

             Capital expenditure                            (328,150)        (13,599)           (398)        (15,008)       (97,708)            —         (454,863)

             Depreciation and amortization                  (179,155)         (2,853)         (2,274)         (3,988)       (28,121)            —         (216,391)

             Impairment losses (reversal)                   (125,280)             —           1,032               —              —              —         (124,248)

      (ii)      The interests in associates of Investment management segment, Investment and trading segment and
                others segment was RMB28,213 thousand, 1,021,159 thousand and 7,238,552 thousand respectively.




                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                             265
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(2)   Geographical segments

      The Group has two major geographical operation in the PRC, namely Mainland China and Hong Kong,
which is also the Group’s revenue from external customers and the Group’s assets located. The following
table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external customers
and (ii) the Group’s property and equipment, right-of-use assets, goodwill, other intangible assets, interests
in associates and other non-current assets (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of
customers is based on the location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the
specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset, in the case of property and
equipment, right-of-use assets and other non-current assets, they are based on the location of operation to
which they are allocated; in the case of goodwill and other intangible assets, they are based on the location
of operations.

                                                                                  Outside
                                                                 Mainland        Mainland
                                                                    China           China             Total

        For the year ended December 31, 2019

        Segment Revenue

        Revenue from external customers                         22,263,080       1,043,882      23,306,962

        Other income and gains or losses                         2,325,776          26,363       2,352,139

                                                                24,588,856       1,070,245      25,659,101

        For the year ended December 31, 2018

        Segment Revenue

        Revenue from external customers                         17,339,582         720,607      18,060,189

        Other income and gains or losses                           18,091           (8,732)           9,359

                                                                17,357,673         711,875      18,069,548



Specified non-current assets


                                                                                  Outside
                                                                 Mainland        Mainland
                                                                    China           China             Total

        As at December 31, 2019

        Specified non-current assets                            12,603,357         224,615      12,827,972

        As at December 31, 2018

        Specified non-current assets                            10,059,423         107,187      10,166,610




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

266
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(3)   Information about major customers:

    There were no customer (Year ended December 31 2018: no customer) for the year ended December 31,
2019 contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.


7.    FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,

                                                                                          2019              2018

            Securities and futures brokerage business                                5,338,454        4,255,295

            Underwriting and sponsorship business                                    1,585,454        1,293,606

            Asset management and fund management business                            1,051,671        1,212,667

            Financial advisory business                                                295,080          338,933

            Others(i)                                                                  587,834          653,031

                                                                                     8,858,493        7,753,532

      (i)      Others mainly comprise of custodian fee income and consultancy fee income received or receivable by
               the Group.


8.    INTEREST INCOME

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,

                                                                                          2019              2018

            Interest income from deposits with exchanges and financial
            institutions                                                             1,460,228        1,491,624

            Interest income from advances to customers and securities Lending        3,467,704        3,693,823

            Interest income from securities-backed lending and
            stock repurchase agreements                                              1,430,115        1,678,565

            Interest income from other financial assets held under resale
            agreements                                                                 215,307            96,243

            Interest income on debt instruments at amortized cost                      100,522          100,545

            Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                     1,614,923        1,120,066

            Others                                                                           —             5,729

                                                                                     8,288,799        8,186,595




                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              267
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9.    INVESTMENT GAINS OR LOSSES, NET

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2019             2018

            Dividend and interest from financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                                                   4,127,170        3,020,205

            Dividend from financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                       451,845          587,970

            Net gains (losses) from disposals of debt instruments measured
            at fair value through other comprehensive income                           183,740           (22,463)

            Net gains (losses) from financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                                                   3,213,714       (1,892,299)

            Net losses from financial liabilities at fair value
            through profit or loss                                                     (281,343)       (324,741)

            Net (losses) gains from derivative financial instruments                 (1,535,456)        751,390

                                                                                     6,159,670        2,120,062



10. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS OR LOSSES

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2019             2018

            Income from commodity trading                                            2,188,370             3,318

            Fee from tax withholding and remitting                                       46,206           40,843

            Government grants(i)                                                         44,498           18,130

            Foreign exchange gains (losses), net                                         30,189          (75,487)

            Rental income                                                                11,112            8,501

            Others                                                                       31,764           14,054

                                                                                     2,352,139             9,359

      (i)      Government grants represent the unconditional grants received by the Group from local government and
               are used for supporting the business at specific locations.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

268
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,

                                                                                            2019              2018

         Depreciation of property and equipment                                          172,621           143,691

         Amortization of other non-current assets                                         91,240            71,785

         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             267,047

         Amortization of other intangible assets                                               —               915

                                                                                         530,908           216,391



12. STAFF COSTS

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,

                                                                                            2019              2018

         Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                4,725,812        2,974,992

         Contributions to retirement benefits(1)                                         379,179           335,488

         Other social welfare(2)                                                         290,577           397,395

         Others                                                                          163,826           142,605

                                                                                       5,559,394        3,850,480

   (1)
            The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed retirement benefits plans,
            operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. According to the relevant regulations,
            the premiums and retirement benefit contributions borne by the Group are calculated and paid to
            the relevant labour and social welfare authorities on a regular basis. These retirement benefits plans
            are defined contribution plans and contributions to the plans are expensed as incurred. In addition
            to the above retirement benefits plans, the Group also provides annuity schemes for certain qualified
            employees in the PRC. The employees’ and the Group’s contributions for the annuity schemes are
            calculated based on certain percentage of employees’ salaries and recognized in profit or loss as expense.
            These annuity schemes are defined contribution plans.
            The Group also operates the MPF Scheme for all qualified employees in Hong Kong. The Group
            contributes certain percentage of relevant payroll costs to the scheme, and the contribution is matched
            by employees but subject to a maximum amount for each employee. The assets of the scheme are held
            separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees.
   (2)
            The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed social welfare plans,
            including social pension insurance, health care insurance, housing funds and other social welfare
            contributions, operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. These social welfare plans
            are defined contribution plans and contributions to the plans are recognized as expense as incurred.




                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                269
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


13. FEE AND COMMISSION EXPENSES

                                                                 Year ended December 31,

                                                                      2019          2018

        Securities and futures brokerage business                 1,345,527     1,101,053

        Underwriting and sponsorship business                        58,925      175,696

        Asset management and fund management business                 9,401       10,801

        Financial advisory business                                   8,656       10,479

        Others                                                         289         7,026

                                                                  1,422,798     1,305,055



14. INTEREST EXPENSES

                                                                 Year ended December 31,

                                                                      2019          2018

        Bonds payable                                             2,876,964     2,222,418

        Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements         1,927,488     1,203,435

        Short-term financing bills payable                          367,545       97,843

        Structured notes                                            340,413     1,163,779

        Short-term bonds payable                                    238,146      978,333

        Accounts payable to brokerage clients                       187,629      171,961

        Placements from banks and other financial institutions      134,123      145,647

        Margin and securities refinancing                           128,399      199,136

        Borrowings                                                  117,676      129,902

        Lease liabilities                                            37,418

        Others                                                       37,809       28,051

                                                                  6,393,610     6,340,505




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

270
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


15. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2019              2018

         Cost of commodity trading                                                   2,186,800              3,318

         Advertising and promotion expenses                                            283,689           259,651

         Electronic equipment operation expenses                                       202,086           178,560

         Postal and communications expenses                                            158,938           150,837

         Business travel expenses                                                      142,084           165,066

         Rental and property management expenses(i)                                    138,855           418,765

         Stock exchange fees                                                           111,162             85,716

         General and administrative expenses                                             82,143          102,677

         Securities and futures investor protection funds                                69,892            48,588

         Auditors’ remuneration                                                           3,525             3,100

         Sundry expenses                                                               291,641           198,356

                                                                                     3,670,815         1,614,634

   (i)      Expense relating to short-term leases and other leases with lease terms end within 12 months of the date
            of initial application of IFRS 16 is RMB 77,587 thousand.


16. IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF
    REVERSAL

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2019              2018

         Impairment loss on financial assets held under resale agreements
           (note 26)                                                                   132,605             58,935

         (Reversal of) Impairment loss on advances to customers (note 29)               (50,440)           59,038

         Impairment loss (Reversal of Impairment loss) on accounts and
           other receivables (note 30)                                                    9,233              (553)

         Impairment loss (Reversal of Impairment loss) on debt instruments
           at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 31)                     3,314            (1,032)

         (Reversal of) Impairment loss on debt instruments at amortized cost
           (note 25)                                                                     (2,685)            4,649

                                                                                         92,027          121,037




                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                               271
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAX EXPENSES

                                                                               Year ended December 31

                                                                                      2019             2018

        Current tax:

        — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                              1,122,244       1,005,895

        — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                     38,693           17,948

                                                                                 1,160,937       1,023,843

        Under (over) provision in respect of prior years:

        — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                    224           (4,091)

        — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                     (2,340)               —

                                                                                    (2,116)          (4,091)

        Deferred taxation

        — Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 27)              301,533          (18,528)

                                                                                 1,460,354       1,001,224

      The reconciliation between the income tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 25% and the effective tax
rate is as follows:

                                                                               Year ended December 31,

                                                                                      2019             2018

        Profit before income tax                                                 8,773,637       5,447,485

        Tax at the income tax rate of 25%                                        2,193,409       1,361,871

        Tax effect of share of result of associates                               (220,502)        (229,368)

        Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                       38,430           36,647

        Tax effect of income that are not taxable                                 (352,489)        (194,168)

        Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                              (26,181)         (11,518)

        Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                      8,969           15,058

        Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized                         (1,168)               —

        Over provision in respect of prior years:                                   (2,116)          (4,091)

        Others(i)                                                                 (177,998)          26,793

        Income tax expense for the year                                          1,460,354       1,001,224




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

272
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2019, the estimated unused tax losses for the Group’s subsidiaries were RMB
84,514 thousand (December 31, 2018: RMB 77,301 thousand), no deferred tax assets had been recognized in
relation to such item in the consolidated statement of financial position due to the unpredictability of future
profit streams of the subsidiaries. In cases where the actual future profits generated are more than expected,
a material recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognized in the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the period in which such recognition takes
place.
     Majority of the tax losses comes from the subsidiaries in Hong Kong which can be carried forward
indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the respective companies in which the losses arose.
These estimated tax losses have no expiry date but are subject to the approval of the Hong Kong Inland
Revenue Department.
      According to the announcement on the corporate income tax policy of perpetual bonds (Announcement No.
64, 2019 of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation), when an enterprise issues perpetual
bonds that meet the specified conditions, the corporate income tax policy can be applied in accordance with the
bond interest, that is, the interest expense attributable to the current year of perpetual bonds paid by the issuer is
allowed to be deducted before the corporate income tax. According to the above provisions, the Company deducted
the interest expense of perpetual bonds in the current year when calculating the taxable income.


18. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

     The calculation of basic earnings per share attributable to shareholders of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,

                                                                                            2019               2018

       Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share:

       Profit attributable to Shareholders of the Company
       and holders of other equity instruments                                         7,282,381         4,424,986

       Less: Profit attributable to holders of perpetual subordinated bonds             (802,090)          (802,090)

       Sub-total                                                                       6,480,291         3,622,896

       Number of shares:

       Weighted average number of shares in issue (in thousand)                        6,697,121         6,699,409

       Earnings per share:

       Earnings per share (RMB)                                                              0.97              0.54

     For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, there were no potential ordinary shares in issue, thus
no diluted earnings per share is presented.




                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 273
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


19. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                         Leasehold             Electronic and
                                                          land and     Motor communication           Office    Construction
                                                          buildings   vehicles    equipment      equipment      in progress        Total
        Cost
        As at January 1, 2019                            1,329,857     65,116         752,581        59,137         82,099     2,288,790
        Additions                                               —       3,914          82,815         3,275         48,819      138,823
        Disposals                                               —      (7,162)        (26,794)       (3,128)             —       (37,084)
        Transfer                                                —          —           10,505          984          (11,489)          —
        Transfer to other non-current assets (note 28)          —          —               —             —          (53,456)     (53,456)
        Exchange differences                                    —         34            1,848          769             612         3,263
        As at December 31, 2019                          1,329,857     61,902         820,955        61,037         66,585     2,340,336
        Accumulated depreciation and impairment
        As at January 1, 2019                              210,063     47,085         376,712        26,138              —      659,998
        Charge for the year                                 34,877      6,885         123,411         7,448              —      172,621
        Disposals                                               —      (6,834)        (24,887)       (2,948)             —       (34,669)
        Exchange differences                                    —         28            1,315          297               —         1,640
        As at December 31, 2019                            244,940     47,164         476,551        30,935              —      799,590
        Carrying values
        As at December 31, 2019                          1,084,917     14,738         344,404        30,102         66,585     1,540,746
                                                         Leasehold             Electronic and
                                                          land and     Motor communication           Office    Construction
                                                          buildings   vehicles    equipment      equipment      in progress        Total
        Cost
        As at January 1, 2018                              390,881     64,730         696,293        59,797       1,185,068    2,396,769
        Additions                                               —       3,211          60,674         1,455        347,534      412,874
        Disposals                                               —      (2,939)        (20,362)      (29,841)             —       (53,142)
        Transfer                                           938,976         —           12,633        26,045      (1,410,254)    (432,600)
        Transfer to other non-current assets (note 28)          —          —               —             —          (41,504)     (41,504)
        Exchange differences                                    —        114            3,343         1,681           1,255        6,393
        As at December 31, 2018                          1,329,857     65,116         752,581        59,137         82,099     2,288,790
        Accumulated depreciation and impairment
        As at January 1, 2018                              197,550     42,973         279,152        45,007              —      564,682
        Charge for the year                                 12,513      6,875         114,307         9,996              —      143,691
        Disposals                                               —      (2,860)        (18,975)      (29,708)             —       (51,543)
        Exchange differences                                    —         97            2,228          843               —         3,168
        As at December 31, 2018                            210,063     47,085         376,712        26,138              —      659,998
        Carrying values
        As at December 31, 2018                          1,119,794     18,031         375,869        32,999         82,099     1,628,792

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

274
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


19. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

     As at December 31, 2019, included in leasehold land and buildings, there are carrying values of RMB
928,459 thousand (December 31, 2018: RMB 951,782 thousand), for which the Group is in the progress to
obtain the relevant land and building certificates. The directors of the Company consider that these will not
have significant impact on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019.
     As the lease payments included in the Group’s leasehold land and buildings cannot be allocated reliably
between the land and buildings, the entire leases are classified as finance lease and accounted for as property
and equipment.
     The leasehold land and buildings of the Group are situated in the PRC and held under medium-term
lease.


20. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                 Land and        Leasehold
                                                                 buildings            land              Total
       Cost
       As at January 1, 2019                                     1,657,682         432,600         2,090,282
       Additions                                                   211,835                —          211,835
       Disposals                                                    (5,281)               —            (5,281)
       Exchange differences                                          3,505                —             3,505
       As at December 31, 2019                                   1,867,741         432,600         2,300,341
       Accumulated depreciation and impairment
       As at January 1, 2019                                       423,028              915          423,943
       Additions                                                   256,072           10,975          267,047
       Disposals                                                    (2,718)               —            (2,718)
       Exchange differences                                          1,520                —             1,520
       As at December 31, 2019                                     677,902           11,890          689,792
       Carrying values
       As at December 31, 2019                                   1,189,839         420,710         1,610,549

     The Group leases offices for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 13 months
to 12 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group
applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.
     For the year ended 31 December 2019, total cash outflow for leases amounted to RMB 393,292
thousand.
     As at 31 December 2019, the lease agreements did not impose any covenants other than the security
interests in the leased assets that were held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
borrowing purposes.


                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           275
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


21. INTERESTS IN CONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

      Structured entities consolidated by the Group stand for the asset management schemes, limited
partnerships and investment funds where the Group involves as a manager or as an investor, the Group
assesses whether the combination of investments it holds together with its remuneration creates exposure to
variability of returns from the activities of the structured entities to a level of such significance that it indicates
that the Group is a principal.
     The financial impact of these structured on the Group’s financial position as at December 31, 2019 and
2018, and the results and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, though consolidated,
are not significant and therefore not disclosed separately.
      As at December 31, 2019, the Group consolidated 12 (December 31, 2018: 13) structured entities. The
total assets of the consolidated structured entities are RMB 6,988,792 thousand (December 31 2018: RMB
6,625,393 thousand) within which are RMB 6,801,963 thousand of investments accounted for as financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss (December 31, 2018: financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss in total: RMB 6,363,118 thousand).


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                             2019              2018

        Cost of unlisted investments in associates                                     5,545,940         5,545,940

        Share of post-acquisition profits and
        other comprehensive income, net of dividends received                          3,956,796         3,411,134

                                                                                       9,502,736         8,957,074

        Impairment loss                                                                  (669,150)         (669,150)

                                                                                       8,833,586         8,287,924




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

276
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which are unlisted corporate
entities whose quoted market price is not available. All of the above associates are accounted for using the
equity method in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                            Equity interest held
                                                                               by the Group
                                                   Place and date
                                                                               December 31
                                                   of incorporation/
           Name of associate                       establishment               2019        2018    Principal activities

           Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd.       PRC/July 13, 1998           49%         49%     Fund management

           China Merchants Fund Management
                                                   PRC/December 27, 2002       45%         45%     Fund management
           Limited

           Guangdong Equity Exchange
                                                   PRC/July 6, 2018            12%         12%     Transaction settlement services
           Center Co., Ltd.(i)

           China Merchants Xiangjiang Industrial
                                                   PRC/March 13, 2008          40%         40%     Investment management
           Investment Management Co., Ltd.

           Qingdao Asset Management Co., Ltd.      PRC/September 21, 2015      30%         30%     Investment management

           Twenty-first Century Technology
                                                   PRC/June 19, 2000           23%         23%     Investment holding
           Investment Co., Ltd.*(ii)

     *         English name translated is for identification purpose only.
     (i)       Guangdong Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd. was recognized as an associate as one of the ten directors
               of the company was appointed by the Group.
     (ii)      This associate went into liquidation, and impairment losses have been fully recognized and written off.




                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                              277
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    Summarized financial information of the Group’s material associates, and reconciled to the carrying
amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:
      Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                             2019             2018

         Total assets                                                                  7,396,384         6,713,006

         Total liabilities                                                            (2,574,705)       (2,520,017)

         Net assets                                                                    4,821,679         4,192,989

         Revenue                                                                       3,485,897         3,165,355

         Profit for the year                                                             912,889           903,445

         Other comprehensive income (expense)                                              15,801            (1,747)

         Total comprehensive income                                                      928,690           901,698

         Dividends declared by the associate attributable to the Group                   147,000            98,000

         Net assets of the associate attributable to the Group                         4,821,679         4,192,989

         The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                              2,362,623         2,054,565

         – Goodwill                                                                    3,425,523         3,425,523

         – Impairment loss recognized(iii)                                               (669,150)        (669,150)

         Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                      5,118,996         4,810,938

      (iii)   As at December 31, 2014, the Company had recognized an impairment loss amounted to RMB 669,150
              thousand to the interests in Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. The recoverable amounts of
              RMB 3,763,141 thousand had been determined by Vocational International (Beijing) Asset Appraisal
              Co., Ltd., a qualified valuer not related to the Group. The valuer determined the value-in-use by using
              cash flow projections which is based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by
              management. The pre-tax discount rates applied and growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flow
              projections is 10.78% and 9.2% respectively. The growth rates beyond the five-year period is nil for the
              forecast period. As at December 31, 2019, the Company reassessed the valuation of the investment and
              determined no further impairment is needed at the end of the year.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

278
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   China Merchants Fund Management Limited

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2019              2018

     Total assets                                                               7,295,400         6,611,399

     Total liabilities                                                          (1,911,085)       (1,739,185)

     Net assets                                                                 5,384,315         4,872,214

     Revenue                                                                    2,587,395         2,587,041

     Profit for the year                                                          802,623           893,913

     Other comprehensive income                                                      9,479             2,638

     Total comprehensive income                                                   812,102           896,551

     Net assets of the associate attributable to the Group                      5,384,315         4,872,214

     The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                           2,422,942         2,192,496

     — Goodwill                                                                   199,545           199,545

     Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                   2,622,487         2,392,041

   Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2019              2018

     The Group’s share of profit for the year                                       73,512            72,524

     The Group’s share of other comprehensive income (expense)                          —                  (5)

     The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                73,512            72,519

     Dividend declared by associates attributable to the Group                      66,354            21,371

     Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s
     interests in these associates                                              1,092,103         1,084,944




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          279
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


23. INTERESTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

      The Group is principally involved with structured entities through financial investments. These structured
entities generally purchase assets through financing. The Group determines whether or not to consolidate
these structured entities depending on whether the Group has control over them. The interests held by the
Group in the unconsolidated structured entities are set out as below:


(1)   Structured entities sponsored by the Group

      Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group mainly include asset management schemes
and limited partnerships. The nature and aim of these structured entities is to manage investors’ assets
and collect management fees. Financing is sustained through investment products issued to investors. The
interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities mainly involve management fees and
performance fees collected by the Group.
    As at December 31, 2019, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the
Group amounted to RMB 705,517,238 thousand (December 31, 2018: RMB 729,590,715 thousand).
     The amount of fee income derived from these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the Group
are detailed in Note 7.


(2)   Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

     The types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but in which it holds an interest
include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued by banks
or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.
The carrying amount of the related accounts in the consolidated statement of financial position is equal to the
maximum exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored
by third party institutions as at December 31, 2019 and 2018, which are listed below:

                                                                          As at December 31, 2019

                                                                   Financial
                                                                   assets at        Financial
                                                                  fair value        assets at
                                                              through other        fair value
                                                             comprehensive           through
                                                                     income     profit or loss           Total

        Funds                                                             —       16,127,666        16,127,666

        Trust schemes                                                     —        1,239,484         1,239,484

        Wealth management products                                        —          432,920          432,920

        Others                                                    7,057,809       11,432,144        18,489,953

                                                                  7,057,809       29,232,214        36,290,023




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

280
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


23. INTERESTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES (Continued)

(2)   Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions (Continued)


                                                                              As at December 31, 2018

                                                                       Financial
                                                                       assets at        Financial
                                                                      fair value        assets at
                                                                  through other        fair value
                                                                  comprehensive          through
                                                                         income     profit or loss              Total

            Funds                                                             —       20,774,943          20,774,943

            Wealth management products                                        —          459,694             459,694

            Others                                                    6,722,607        6,425,640          13,148,247

                                                                      6,722,607       27,660,277          34,382,884


24. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

                                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                                            2019                2018

            Special account(i)                                                        7,057,809           6,722,607

      (i)      The balance is an investment in a special account managed by China Securities Finance Corporation
               Limited (“CSFCL”). The Company determines the fair value of the investment according to the valuation
               report provided by CSFCL. The Company elected to designate this investment as measured at FVTOCI.




                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  281
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


25. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT AMORTIZED COST

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                     2019           2018

            Non-current

            Bonds                                                               1,425,818      1,797,953

            Less: Expected credit losses                                           (1,156)         (1,345)

                                                                                1,424,662      1,796,608

            Current

            Bonds                                                                 375,587              —

            Unsecured accounts receivable loan(i)                                  96,727         52,346

                                                                                  472,314         52,346

            Less: Expected credit losses                                           (2,340)         (4,759)

                                                                                  469,974         47,587

      (i)      As at December 31, 2019, customer loans receivable were charged at Libor plus 1.25% annually
               (December 31, 2018: 2.75%).


(2)   The movements of expected credit losses are as follows:


                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                     2019           2018

            At the beginning of the year                                            6,104          1,345

            Expected credit losses recognized                                          25          4,649

            Reversal of expected credit losses                                     (2,710)             —

            Exchange differences                                                       77             110

            At the end of the year                                                  3,496          6,104




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

282
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


25. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT AMORTIZED COST (Continued)

(2)   The movements of expected credit losses are as follows: (Continued)


                                                                  As at December 31, 2019

                                    12 months (stage 1)    Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)                Total

       Principal and interest                1,898,132                     —                     —              1,898,132

       Expected credit losses                    3,496                     —                     —                 3,496

                                                                  As at December 31, 2018

                                    12 months (stage 1)    Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)                Total

       Principal and interest                1,850,299                     —                     —              1,850,299

       Expected credit losses                    6,104                     —                     —                 6,104

     During the period, the reversal of expected credit losses of Stage 1 of the debt instruments at amortized
cost was RMB 2,608 thousand. There was no transfer between the stages of expected credit losses.




                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                    283
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS

(1)   Analyzed by collateral type and market of financial assets held under resale agreements:


                                                                                            As at December 31,
                                                                                                2019              2018
            Non-current
            Analyzed by collateral type:
            Stocks(i)                                                                      2,170,301        5,279,193
            Analyzed by market:
            Stock exchanges                                                                2,170,301        5,279,193
            Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                             —             (1,444)
                                                                                           2,170,301        5,277,749


            Current
            Analyzed by collateral type:
            Stocks (i)                                                                   18,939,491        17,602,330
            Bonds                                                                        14,902,372        10,362,071
                                                                                         33,841,863        27,964,401


            Analyzed by market:
            Stock exchanges                                                              28,417,983        19,787,735
            Interbank bond market                                                          5,423,880        8,176,666
                                                                                         33,841,863        27,964,401
            Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                      (332,339)         (198,290)
                                                                                         33,509,524        27,766,111

      (i)       The financial assets (pledged by stocks) held under resale agreements and securities back-lending are
                those resale agreements which the qualified investors entered into with the Group with a commitment to
                purchase the specified securities at a future date with an agreed price. As at December 31, 2019, the fair
                value of securities of the Group which have been received as collateral were RMB 89,929,785 thousand
                (December 31, 2018: RMB 69,527,116 thousand).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

284
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses is as below


                                                                                                As at December 31,
                                                                                                    2019              2018
       At the beginning of the year                                                             199,734           140,799
       Expected credit losses recognized                                                        132,605             58,935
       At the end of the year                                                                   332,339           199,734

      Details of expected credit losses and the fair value of the collateral of the repurchase agreements related
to stocks are as below:

                                                                     As at December 31, 2019

                                    12 months (stage 1)      Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)                 Total
       Principal and interest               20,195,191                       —                  914,601            21,109,792
       Expected credit losses                    5,298                       —                  327,041               332,339
       Collateral                           71,220,184                       —                 1,443,388           72,663,572

                                                                     As at December 31, 2018

                                    12 months (stage 1)      Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)                 Total
       Principal and interest               21,685,123                 486,130                  710,270            22,881,523
       Expected credit losses                   89,738                   16,755                  93,241               199,734
       Collateral                           56,974,299                 755,158                  840,518            58,569,975

(3)   The following tables show reconciliation of loss allowances that has been recognized for
      financial assets held under resale agreements.


                                                                           Stage 2            Stage 3
                                                      Stage 1        Lifetime ECL       Lifetime ECL
                                                   12 months          (not credit-            (credit-
                                                          ECL           impaired)          impaired)                 Total
       At January 1, 2019                                 89,738             16,755               93,241          199,734
       Changes in the expected
         credit losses:
       — Transfer to Stage 1                                   —                   —                   —                 —
       — Transfer to Stage 2                                   —                   —                   —                 —
       — Transfer to Stage 3                                   —                   —                   —                 —
       — Charged to profit or loss                        (84,440)          (16,755)            233,800           132,605
       At December 31, 2019                                5,298                   —            327,041           332,339

                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        285
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


27. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (LIABILITIES)

      The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                            As at December 31,

                                                                                                                  2019                 2018

        Deferred tax assets                                                                                  826,872                868,510

        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            (485,282)               (148,764)

                                                                                                             341,590                719,746

     The followings are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized and movements thereon during
the year:

                                   Financial
                               instruments                                                  Financial
                               at fair value                                            instruments
                                    through                                             at fair value
                                       profit                                         through other
                                   and loss/      Accrued     Deferred    Impairment comprehensive      Property and
                                derivatives     staff costs    income      allowances         income      equipment      Others           Total

        At January 1, 2018          (15,544)      667,892      31,500         61,857        (133,372)         (2,242)    57,825         667,916

        Credit (charge) to
        profit or loss             125,818       (103,734)         (67)       26,894              —           (1,126)    (29,252)        18,533

        Credit to other
        comprehensive income              —             —           —             —           33,409              —           —          33,409

        Exchange differences              —             —           —             —               —            (108)          (4)          (112)

        At December 31, 2018       110,274        564,158      31,433         88,751         (99,963)         (3,476)    28,569         719,746

        (Charge) credit to
        profit or loss            (381,733)        58,173         (799)       20,796              —           1,077       1,033        (301,453)

        Charge to other
        comprehensive income              —             —           —             —          (76,623)             —           —         (76,623)

        Exchange differences              —             —           —             —               —              (78)         (2)           (80)

        At December 31, 2019      (271,459)       622,331      30,634        109,547        (176,586)         (2,477)    29,600         341,590




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

286
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


28. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,
                                                                                         2019              2018

       Leasehold improvements and deferred expenses                                   281,341          221,103

       Prepayment for investment                                                      536,224                 —

                                                                                      817,565          221,103



(2)   Movements of leasehold improvements and deferred expenses are as follows:


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                         2019              2018

       At the beginning of the year                                                   221,103          197,917

       Additions                                                                       98,022            53,467

       Transfer from construction in progress (note 19)                                53,456            41,504

       Amortization                                                                   (91,240)          (71,785)

       At the end of the year                                                         281,341          221,103



29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                         2019              2018

       Advances to customers                                                      55,318,037        43,119,896

       Less: expected credit losses in respect of advances to customers               (93,418)         (143,466)

                                                                                  55,224,619        42,976,430

     The credit facility limits to margin clients are determined by the discounted market value of the collateral
securities accepted by the Group.
     The majority of the advances to customers which are secured by the underlying pledged securities and
cash collateral as disclosed in note 41 are interest bearing. The Group maintains a list of approved stocks for
margin lending at a specified loan-to-collateral ratio. Any excess in the lending ratio will trigger a margin call
upon which the customers have to make up the difference.




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             287
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (Continued)

(2)   Analyzed by fair value of collateral of margin financing and securities lending business


                                                                            As at December 31,

                                                                               2019              2018

        Collateral measured at fair value:

        Cash                                                               7,086,437      5,123,777

        Bonds                                                              1,067,353      7,718,425

        Equity securities                                               166,883,077     109,524,319

        Funds                                                              1,193,700             1,412

                                                                        176,230,567     122,367,933



(3)   The movements of allowance of impairment losses are as below


                                                                            As at December 31,

                                                                               2019              2018

        At the beginning of the year                                        143,466          83,816

        Expected credit losses recognized                                      1,386         59,038

        Reversal of expected credit losses                                   (51,826)               —

        Exchange differences                                                     392              612

        At the end of the year                                                93,418       143,466




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

288
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (Continued)

(3)   The movements of allowance of impairment losses are as below (Continued)


                                                                       As at December 31, 2019

                                     12 months (stage 1)      Life time (stage 2)       Life time (stage 3)             Total
        Principal and interest                55,185,388                        —                   132,649               55,318,037
        Expected credit losses                    33,655                        —                    59,763                      93,418

                                                                       As at December 31, 2018

                                     12 months (stage 1)      Life time (stage 2)       Life time (stage 3)             Total

        Principal and interest                42,885,536                  185,446                    48,914               43,119,896

        Expected credit losses                    89,902                   16,058                    37,506                     143,466

      The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the ageing analysis does not give additional value
in view of the nature of the securities margin financing business. As a result, no ageing analysis is disclosed.
      The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the size and uncorrelated nature of the customer base.


(4)   The following tables show reconciliation of expected credit losses that has been recognized for
      advances to customers.


                                                                              Stage 2               Stage 3
                                                                        Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
                                                            Stage 1      (not credit-               (credit-                Total
                                                           12m ECL          impaired)             impaired)                  ECL

        As at January 1, 2019                               89,902              16,058                37,506             143,466

        Changes in the expected
          credit losses:

        — Transfer to Stage 1                                    —                      —                     —                    —

        — Transfer to Stage 2                                    —                      —                     —                    —

        — Transfer to Stage 3                                  (101)                (6,870)            6,971                       —

        — (Credit) charged to profit or loss                (56,146)                (9,188)           15,286              (50,048)

        As at December 31, 2019                             33,655                      —             59,763               93,418




                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                  289
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


30. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2019             2018

        Accounts and other receivables from/related to:

        Clearing houses, brokers and dealers                                      1,726,337        2,007,388

        Fee and commission income                                                   729,316          656,413

        Other receivables                                                           227,280          238,457

        Dividends receivable                                                        262,354          171,500

        Prepayments                                                                 122,927           79,366

        Others                                                                      158,280          113,824

                                                                                  3,226,494        3,266,948

        Less: Expected credit losses of accounts and other receivables              (12,922)           (3,613)

                                                                                  3,213,572        3,263,335



(2)   Analyzed by ageing

      As at the end of the year, the ageing analysis of accounts receivables based on trade day, is as follows:

                                               As at December 31, 2019           As at December 31, 2018

                                                                 Expected                          Expected
                                                  Amount      credit losses        Amount       credit losses

        Within 1 year                             740,361            (1,467)        689,262              (115)

        Between 1 and 2 years                       21,468           (3,463)         16,075              (381)

        Between 2 and 3 years                        8,922           (4,441)           3,176               —

        After 3 years                                2,757               (434)           449               —

                                                  773,508            (9,805)        708,962             (496)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

290
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


31. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

(1)   Analyzed by type


                                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                                      2019              2018

            Current

            Bonds issued by policy banks                                                         12,767,751       11,970,815

            Government bonds                                                                     12,026,576       11,964,323

            Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                      278,496         4,005,409

            Others(i)                                                                            20,661,484       13,701,794

                                                                                                 45,734,307       41,642,341

      (i)       Others mainly comprise of corporate bonds, enterprise bonds and medium term notes.


(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses is as below


                                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                                      2019              2018

            At the beginning of the year                                                              6,185             7,217

            Expected credit losses recognized                                                         3,338                 —

            Reversal of expected credit losses                                                              —          (1,032)

            At the end of the year                                                                    9,523             6,185


                                                                       As at December 31, 2019

                                         12 months (stage 1)    Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)                 Total

            Principal and interest               45,696,723                 47,107                    —              45,743,830

            Expected credit losses                    9,422                    101                    —                   9,523

                                                                       As at December 31, 2018

                                         12 months (stage 1)    Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)                 Total

            Principal and interest               41,648,526                     —                     —              41,648,526

            Expected credit losses                    6,185                     —                     —                   6,185




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                          291
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


31. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME (Continued)

(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses is as below (Continued)

     During the year, the increase of the expected credit losses of the debt instruments at fair value through
other comprehensive income was RMB 3,338 thousand, of which the increase of the stage 1 was RMB 3,270
thousand and the stage 2 was RMB 68 thousand. The expected credit losses in stage 1 was transferred to
stage 2 of RMB 33 thousand.


32. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                           As at December 31

                                                                                               2019             2018

            Current

            Debt securities                                                             99,782,134       67,139,386

            Funds                                                                       16,125,036       20,750,896

            Equity investments                                                          11,517,173         6,840,221

            Others(i)                                                                    8,012,868         3,191,276

            Total                                                                     135,437,211        97,921,779

            Non-current

            Equity investments(ii)                                                       2,708,857         2,202,967

      (i)      Others mainly represent investments in collective asset management schemes, bank financing products
               and trusts.
      (ii)     Equity investments comprise of unlisted equity investments and investments in limited partnerships. Fair
               value of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are determined as described in
               note 63.
     As at December 31, 2019, the Group entered into securities lending arrangement with clients that
resulted in the transfer of equity securities at FVTPL with total fair values of RMB 1,054,100 thousand
(December 31, 2018: RMB 357,730 thousand) to clients. These securities continued to be recognized as
financial assets of the Group.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

292
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                        (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


33. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                  As at December 31, 2019                   As at December 31, 2018

                                            Notional           Fair Value             Notional           Fair Value
                                            principal                                 principal
                                            amounts         Assets    Liabilities     amounts         Assets    Liabilities

         Interest derivative instrument

         Interest rate swaps(i)           120,674,999      226,180      232,652      93,585,000      394,434      392,849

         Bond futures(i)                   10,781,605           —             332     7,997,256           —            1,655

         Equity derivative instrument

         Equity return swaps                 260,660       182,909              —     1,152,517      210,192          19,477

         Stock index futures(i)             5,617,793           —               —     3,403,365           —              18

         Options(ii)                       38,826,908      246,616      812,673       6,602,796       49,823      166,537

         Credit derivatives

         Credit default swap                 123,000           534           5,413      50,000          489            1,123

         Other derivative instrument

         Commodity futures(i)              39,138,422    1,120,349    1,105,762       9,555,315      446,665      446,316

         Commodity swaps                    3,818,084       16,373           2,972    2,782,782       10,486      264,023

         Commodity                           980,607        12,381          22,254    1,160,802       38,143          12,205

         Forward contracts                  1,082,416          477           1,164      98,172            —            1,482

                                          221,304,494    1,805,819    2,183,222 126,388,005        1,150,232    1,305,685

   (i)       Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position
             in the PRC interest rate swaps, stock index futures, treasury bond futures and commodity futures
             contracts were settled daily and the corresponding receipts and payments were included in “clearing
             settlement funds”. Accordingly, the net onshore position of these contracts was nil at the year-end date.
   (ii)      Options: Included in options are over-the-counter options, exchanged-traded options and embedded
             derivatives of structure notes.




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        293
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


34. DEPOSITS WITH EXCHANGES AND NON-BANK FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                           2019          2018

        Deposits with stock exchanges and clearing houses:

        China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited    803,393       446,899

        Shanghai Clearing House                                         279,848        70,109

        Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                    76,942        44,169

        Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                          1,948         1,507

        China Beijing Equity Exchange                                     1,803         1,184

        Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges and
        financial institutions:

        China Financial Futures Exchange                               1,360,274       10,057

        Intercontinental Exchange.                                      363,232               —

        Pingan Futures Co., Ltd.                                        270,627       190,051

        The London Metal Exchange                                       222,572       409,310

        Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                                        120,158         5,887

        Jianxin Futures Co., Ltd.                                       115,422        22,889

        CITIC Futures Co., Ltd.                                         109,641        59,549

        Yongan Futures Co., Ltd.                                        107,114       129,879

        Shanghai Gold Exchange                                           43,598         7,972

        Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd.                                         25,813        11,913

        Hong Kong Futures Exchange                                        9,673        15,913

        Chicago Mercantile Exchange                                       3,488         3,432

        Others                                                          865,344              700

                                                                       4,780,890    1,431,420




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

294
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


35. CLEARING SETTLEMENT FUNDS

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2019              2018

       Clearing settlement funds held with clearing houses for:

       House accounts                                                          4,346,364        3,913,233

       Clients                                                                 8,125,252        9,883,048

                                                                              12,471,616       13,796,281

      These clearing settlement funds are held by the clearing houses for the Group and these balances carry
interest at prevailing market interest rates.


36. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2019              2018

       House accounts                                                          8,827,376        7,229,886

       Pledged and restricted bank deposits

       — Restricted bank deposit for purchase of bond, stock and
         as risk reserves                                                         60,040            59,414

       Bank balances — house accounts                                          8,887,416        7,289,300

       Cash held on behalf of customers                                       53,040,323       40,144,484

                                                                              61,927,739       47,433,784



37. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     Cash and cash equivalents comprise the followings:

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2019              2018

       Bank balances — house accounts (note 36)                                8,887,416        7,289,300

       Clearing settlement funds — house accounts (note 35)                    4,346,364        3,913,233

       Less: Pledged and restricted bank deposits (note 36)                       (60,040)         (59,414)

                                                                              13,173,740       11,143,119




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                        295
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


38. SHORT TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                                                      2019             2018

            Current

            Secured bank borrowings(i)                                                              22,339        1,576,882

            Unsecured bank borrowings(ii)                                                         3,078,825               —

            Interest accrued                                                                         2,509            4,979

                                                                                                  3,103,673       1,581,861

      (i)       As at December 31, 2019, the Group pledged notes payable with market value amounting to RMB 2,300
                million for these borrowings, the discount rate was 2.90%. (As at December 31, 2018, the Group
                pledged securities with market value amounting to RMB 3,618.36 million, and the Group’s short-term
                secured bank borrowings interest rates ranging from 1.25% to 4.90% per annum.)
      (ii)      As at December 31, 2019, the Group’s short-term unsecured bank borrowings floating interest rates
                ranging from 1.65% to 5.81% (December 31, 2018: nil) per annum.


39. SHORT-TERM DEBT INSTRUMENTS


                                                                        As at                                           As at
                                                                    January 1,        Issuance/                   December 31,
                                                      Coupon rate        2019    Other Transfer     Redemption           2019

            Short-term bond payables(i)                              9,000,000       5,000,000       14,000,000             —

            Short-term financing bills payables(ii)   2.90%–3.15%    5,000,000      61,000,000       46,000,000     20,000,000

            Principals of structured notes(iii)       2.80%–3.55%   20,051,050      14,484,840       21,620,130     12,915,760

            Interest accrued                                          799,426          946,104        1,562,674       182,856

                                                                    34,850,476      81,430,944       83,182,804     33,098,616




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

296
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


39. SHORT-TERM DEBT INSTRUMENTS (Continued)


                                                                     As at                   Issuance/                        As at
                                                                 January 1,                      Other                  December 31,
                                               Coupon rate            2018    Transfer in     Transfer    Redemption           2018

         Short-term bond payables(i)           3.78%–5.30%      23,030,000                  12,170,000     26,200,000      9,000,000

         Short-term financing bills payables(ii) 3.13%–3.15%             —                  14,000,000      9,000,000      5,000,000

         Principals of structured notes(iii)   3.00%–5.50%      24,015,670                  28,535,720     32,500,340     20,051,050

         Interest accrued                                                        663,983     2,233,582      2,098,139       799,426

                                                                47,045,670       663,983    56,939,302     69,798,479     34,850,476

   (i)        Short-term bond payables
              As at December 31, 2019, the Group had no short term bond payables. As at December 31, 2018, the
              short-term bond payables interest rates ranging from 3.78% to 5.30% per annum.
   (ii)       Short-term financing bills payables
              As at December 31, 2019, the short-term financing bill payables were bonds issued in the PRC Inter-Bank
              market by the Group and interest rates ranging from 2.90% to 3.15% (December 31, 2018: 3.13% to
              3.15%) per annum.
   (iii)      Principals of structured notes
              As at December 31, 2019, the amount represents principals received from investors for subscription of
              structured notes issued by the Group. The structured notes interest rates ranging from 2.80% to 3.55%
              (December 31, 2018: 3.00% to 5.50%) per annum, or variable rates linked to certain stock index. The
              principals and interest are repayable upon maturity within one year. The structured notes with variable
              rate contain non-closely related derivative as their returns are linked to the fluctuation of stock index. For
              those embedded derivatives, they are accounted for as derivatives in note 33 after being bifurcated from
              their respective host contracts.


40. PLACEMENTS FROM BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                                          2019               2018

         Placement from banks(i)                                                                   2,500,000            1,500,000

         Placement from other financial institutions(ii)                                           4,500,000            2,000,000

         Interest accrued                                                                                13,199            19,000

                                                                                                   7,013,199            3,519,000

   (i)        As at December 31, 2019, the effective interest rates on due to banks were ranging from 2.73% to
              3.25% (December 31, 2018: 3.00%) per annum. The amounts are repayable within seven days from the
              end of the reporting period.
   (ii)       As at December 31, 2019, the effective interest rates on due to other financial institutions were ranging
              from 3.25% to 3.50% (December 31, 2018: 4.80% to 5.10%) per annum. The amounts are repayable
              within six months from the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                297
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


41. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE TO BROKERAGE CLIENTS

                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                            2019            2018
            Clients’ deposits for margin financing and securities lending             7,086,437        5,123,777
            Clients’ deposits for other brokerage business                           54,637,783       43,787,971
                                                                                     61,724,220       48,911,748

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the money received from and repayable to brokerage
clients, which are mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage
clients are interest bearing at the prevailing interest rate.
     The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayable on demand except where certain accounts
payable to brokerage clients represent money received from clients for their margin financing activities under
normal course of business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excessive amounts over
the required margin deposits and cash collateral stipulated is repayable on demand.
      The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the ageing analysis does not give additional value
in view of the nature of these businesses. As a result, no ageing analysis is disclosed.


42. ACCRUED STAFF COSTS

                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                            2019            2018
            Non-current
            Salaries, bonus and allowances                                              525,040          787,540


            Current
            Salaries, bonus and allowances                                            4,939,112        3,561,933
            Short-term social welfare                                                    52,054           52,054
                                         (i)
            Defined contribution plans                                                     1,416              729
            Others                                                                       50,295           39,419
                                                                                      5,042,877        3,654,135

      (i)      The defined contribution plans refer to social pension insurance plan and unemployment insurance plan
               required by the government, and annuity scheme launched by the Group. The Group participates in
               the social pension insurance plan and unemployment insurance plan pursuant to pertinent regulations
               and contributes to the funds set up by the Government on a monthly basis. Besides, the group sets up
               annuity schemes and MPF Scheme for qualified employees in the PRC and Hong Kong and contributes to
               the schemes which are managed by third parties on an annual basis or on a monthly basis.
     The total expense recognized in profit or loss of RMB 383,878 thousand (2018: RMB 340,465 thousand)
represents contributions payable to these plans by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the plans. As
at 31 December 2019, contributions of RMB 1,416 thousand due in respect of the year ended 31 December
2019 had not been paid over to the plans (31 December 2018: RMB 729 thousand). The amounts were paid
subsequent to the end of the year.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

298
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


43. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED CHARGES

                                                                                           As at December 31,

                                                                                               2019              2018

         Settlement payables to brokers and clearing houses                              3,149,435         1,560,595

         Deposits of equity return swaps(i)                                              1,566,393           458,577

         Dividends payables to holders of other equity instruments                         592,196           592,196

         Other tax payable                                                                 411,785           424,507

         Commission and handling fee payable                                                 98,083          109,498

         Futures risk reserve                                                                81,315            73,510

         Notes payable                                                                     615,000                  —

         Others(ii)                                                                        333,765           305,318

                                                                                         6,847,972         3,524,201

   (i)       As at December 31, 2019 and 2018, the balance represents deposits received from investors for equity
             return swaps which is refundable with the contract terms upon the expiry date. The deposit will be
             mature within one year from the end of the reporting period. These instruments contain non-closely
             related embedded derivatives as their returns are linked to the fluctuation of certain stock index or
             specific stock price. For those embedded derivatives with significant fair values, they are accounted for in
             these consolidated financial statements under note 33 after being bifurcated form their respective host
             contracts.
   (ii)      Others mainly represent payables of annual membership fees, investor protection fund, interest payables
             and other payables arising from normal course of business.




                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   299
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


44. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                  As at December 31,
                                                                                      2019             2018
        Non-current
        Financial liabilities designated at fair value through
        profit or loss
        — Structured entities                                                    2,157,877       2,404,123


        Current
        Financial liabilities held for trading
        — Equity securities                                                        147,189         105,660
        — Debt securities                                                        6,922,046       6,839,015
        — Gold                                                                     166,992               —
        — Others                                                                   143,194         152,363
        Financial liabilities designated at fair value through
        profit or loss
        — Structured entities                                                      539,088           27,414
                                                                                 7,918,509       7,124,452

      In the consolidated financial statements, the financial liabilities arising from consolidated structured
entities are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to
pay other investors upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on net book value and related terms.


45. FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

                                                                                  As at December 31,
                                                                                      2019             2018
        Current
        Analyzed by collateral type:
        Bonds                                                                  93,513,611       61,267,557
        Gold                                                                     4,193,075               —
                                                                               97,706,686       61,267,557
        Analyzed by market:
        Stock exchange                                                         43,775,212       31,847,196
        Interbank bond market                                                  53,797,755       29,361,582
        Over-the-counter                                                           133,719           58,779
                                                                               97,706,686       61,267,557

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

300
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


45. FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER REPRUCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

      Sales and repurchase agreements are transactions in which the Group sells a security as well as rights
and interests in margin loans and simultaneous agree to repurchase it (or an asset that is substantially
the same) at the agreed date and price. The repurchase prices are fixed and the Group is still exposed to
substantially all the credit risks, market risk and rewards of those securities sold. These securities are not
derecognized from the financial statements but regarded as “collateral” for the liabilities because the Group
retains substantially all the risk and rewards of these securities and margin loans.
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with its repurchase financing
business amounted to RMB 102,789 million (31 December 2018: RMB 96,094 million).


46. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                                     2019
       Within 1 year                                                                                267,627
       Within a period of more than 1 year but not more than 2 years                                216,646
       Within a period of more than 2 years but not more than 5 years                               405,271
       Within a period of more than 5 years                                                         362,603
                                                                                                  1,252,147
       Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under current liabilities             (267,627)
       Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities                984,520



47. SHARE CAPITAL

   All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB 1. The
Company’s number of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2019              2018

       Registered, issued and fully paid ordinary shares of RMB 1 each:

       — Domestic shares                                                         5,719,009        5,719,009

       — Foreign invested shares                                                   980,400          980,400

                                                                                 6,699,409        6,699,409




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          301
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


47. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

     During the year, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares and the number of shares and the
consideration paid are as follows:

                                                                                              Aggregate
                                                                                 No. of     consideration
        Month of repurchase                                             ordinary shares             paid

        From November 2019 to December 2019                                   40,020,780          663,954

      On March 12, 2019, the 17th Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was held to
consider and approve the A Share Repurchase Plan. On April 11, 2019, the Company issued an announcement
that it intended to use all the A Shares repurchased by means of centralized bidding transactions for use
of Employee Stock Ownership Scheme. On December 26, 2019, the Company issued an announcement of
Implementation Results and Share Changes of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. At the 28th meeting of
the sixth session of the Board held on December 26, 2019, the Company approved, the Proposal on Early
Completion of Repurchase A Shares of the Company. Pursuant to the subscription intention of the Company’s
Employee Stock Ownership Scheme and the authorization of the Company’s General Meeting and Separate
Class Meeting of Shareholders, the repurchase of the A shares of the Company will be completed in advance.
The aggregate number of A Shares repurchased by the Company through the centralized bidding was
40,020,780, accounting for 0.5974% of the Company’s total existing share capital and the aggregate amount
paid by the Company was RMB 663,895,568.36 (excluding transaction fees) recognized as treasury stock at
the consolidated statement of financial position. According to the Company’s A Share Repurchase Plan, all the
repurchased shares will be used as the source of the Company’s subsequent implementation of the Employee
Stock Ownership Scheme.


48. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                     2019             2018

        Perpetual subordinated bonds                                           15,000,000      15,000,000

     The Company issued four batches of perpetual subordinated bonds with a total principal amount of RMB
4,000,000,000, RMB 5,000,000,000, RMB 3,700,000,000 and RMB 2,300,000,000 in February, March, May
and June 2017, with the initial interest rate of 5.18%, 5.15%, 5.65% and 5.58% per annum, respectively.
The interest rate for perpetual subordinated bonds are repriced every five years.
      The perpetual subordinated bonds are unsecured, upon the maturity of every repricing cycle, the
Company has the option to extend the maturity of the bonds for another repricing cycle, or redeem the bonds
entirely.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

302
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


48. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The Company has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest
payments, so that at each interest payment date, the Company may choose to defer the interest payment
to the next payment date for the current year as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred,
without being subject to any limitation with respect to the number of deferrals. Of which, mandatory interest
payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders of the Company from the issuer
and reductions of registered capital.
      The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified and presented as equity
instruments in the consolidated statement of financial position.


49. INVESTMENT REVALUATION RESERVE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE
    THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2019              2018

       At the beginning of the year                                               299,070           398,973

       Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
       income

       Net changes in fair value for the year                                     153,397           758,923

       Reclassification to profit or loss                                         (183,740)           22,463

       Income tax impact                                                             7,464          (195,347)

       Expected credit losses of debt instruments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income

       Net changes in fair value for the year                                        3,314            (1,032)

       Income tax impact                                                              (286)              258

       Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
       income

       Net changes in fair value for the year                                     335,203           (913,992)

       Income tax impact                                                           (83,801)         228,498

       Share of fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through
       other comprehensive income of associates                                     12,008               326

       At the end of the year                                                     542,629           299,070




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          303
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


50. GENERAL RESERVES

      General reserves include statutory reserve, general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.
      Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and the Company’s articles of association, 10% of the net
profit of the Company, as determined under the relevant accounting rules and financial regulations applicable
to enterprises in the PRC, is required to be transferred to the statutory reserve until such time when this
reserve reaches 50% of the share capital of the Company. The reserve appropriated can be used for expansion
of business and capitalization. If the statutory reserve is capitalized into share capital, the remaining reserve is
required to be no less than 25% of the Company’s registered capital before capitalization.
      In accordance with the “Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises”, the Company is required to
appropriate 10% of net profit derived in accordance with the People’s Republic of China Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (“PRC GAAP”) before distribution to shareholders as general risk reserve from
retained profits. And in accordance with the requirements of the guidance of China Securities Regulatory
Commission’s (“CSRC”) about regulating financial institutions in the asset management business for collective
asset management business of securities, the subsidiary, China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co.,
Ltd. had appropriated of 10% of management fees from large-size collective assets management business as
general risk reserve since December 2018.
      Pursuant to the Securities Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of net profit
derived in accordance with PRC GAAP before distribution to shareholders as transaction risk reserve from
retained profits and cannot be distributed or transferred to share capital.
      The movements of the general reserves are set out below:
      As at December 31, 2019

                                                                                                             At the
                                                                                                         beginning                              At the end
                                                                                                        of the year                 Addition    of the year

             Statutory reserve                                                                             4,662,350                 573,798     5,236,148

             General risk reserve(i)                                                                       4,669,075                1,069,738    5,738,813

             Transaction risk reserve(ii)                                                                  4,533,538                 892,927     5,426,465

                                                                                                        13,864,963                  2,536,463   16,401,426

      (i)       The addition in general risk reserve included reclassification of RMB 347,595 thousand from general reserves.

      (ii)      The addition in transaction risk reserve included reclassification of RMB 244,190 thousand from general reserves.


      As at December 31, 2018

                                                                                                             At the
                                                                                                         beginning                              At the end
                                                                                                        of the year                 Addition    of the year

             Statutory reserve                                                                             4,306,384                 355,966     4,662,350

             General risk reserve                                                                          4,306,384                 362,691     4,669,075

             Transaction risk reserve                                                                      4,177,572                 355,966     4,533,538

                                                                                                        12,790,340                  1,074,623   13,864,963


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

304
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


51. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                   2019              2018

       Unsecured bank borrowings                                              1,140,394                 —

       Interest accrued                                                           4,486                 —

                                                                              1,144,880                 —

      As at December 31, 2019, the Group’s unsecured long-term bank borrowings due within one year bore
interest rates ranging from 4.014% to 4.066% (December 31, 2018: nil) per annum.


52. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                   2019              2018

       Unsecured bank borrowings                                                268,735        1,380,015

     As at December 31, 2019, the Group’s unsecured long-term bank borrowings bore floating interest rates
ranging from 3.711% to 3.893% (December 31, 2018: 3.445% to 3.876%) per annum. The above loan will
be repaid upon maturity within two years.


53. BONDS PAYABLE DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                   2019              2018

       Non-convertible bonds(1)                                               7,060,000       14,200,000

       Subordinated bonds(2)                                                  6,790,000        2,200,000

       Interest accrued                                                       1,628,614        1,455,355
                                                                            15,478,614        17,855,355




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                       305
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


53. BONDS PAYABLE DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR (Continued)

(1)   The following table presents an analysis of non-convertible bonds


                                                  Issue             Value       Maturity         Coupon
        Name                                    amount               date          date             rate

        17CMG2                                1,060,000         23/10/2017    23/10/2020           4.78%

        17CMG3                                1,000,000         31/10/2017    31/10/2020           4.85%

        18CMG2                                2,000,000         12/06/2018    12/06/2020           4.78%

        GF Assets Management – China
        Merchants Securities Capital
        Lending Phase I Asset-backed
        Special Plan                          1,000,000         14/11/2018    14/05/2020           3.95%

        GF Assets Management – China
        Merchants Securities Capital
        Lending Phase IV Asset-backed
        Special Plan                          2,000,000         29/11/2019    29/11/2020           3.32%

      According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
Corporate Bonds to Qualified Investors” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2017] No. 1669), the Company is approved to
publicly offer corporate bond to qualified investors with total principal amount not exceeding RMB 8,500
million. In October 2017 and June 2018, the Company successively issued three batches corporate bonds.
Therein, phase III bonds include type I and type II, i.e. 18CMG2 and 18CMG3, of which the issued amounts are
RMB 2,000 million and RMB 1,000 million with the interest rate of 4.78% per annum, the rest two batches
of corporate bonds are 17CMG2 and 17CMG3, of which the issued amounts are RMB 1,060 million and RMB
1,000 million, with the interest rates of 4.78% and 4.85% per annum, respectively. Therein, 18CMG3 is
disclosed in Note 54.


(2)   The following table presents an analysis of subordinated bonds


                                                  Issue             Value       Maturity         Coupon
        Name                                    amount               date          date             rate

        18CMC1                                1,640,000         12/01/2018    12/01/2020           5.56%

        18CMC2                                5,150,000         22/01/2018    22/01/2020           5.70%

      According to Shanghai Stock Exchange “Letter of Consent on China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
Listing the Non-publicly Offered Subordinated Bonds for Transfer” (Shang Zheng Han [2017] No. 100), the
Company was approved to non-publicly offering subordinated bonds to qualified investors with total principal
amount not exceeding RMB 10,000 million. On January 12, 2018, and January 22, 2018, the Company
respectively issued two batches subordinated bonds with total issued amount of RMB 6,790 million, including
18CMC1 and 18CMC2, of which the issued amounts are RMB 1,640 million and RMB 5,150 million with the
interest rates of 5.56% and 5.70% per annum, respectively.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

306
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


54. BONDS PAYABLE

                                                                             As at December 31,

                                                                                 2019              2018

       Non-convertible bonds(i)                                           50,512,888        28,773,737

       Subordinated bonds                                                          —         6,790,000

                                                                          50,512,888        35,563,737



(i)   The details of non-convertible bonds are as follows:


       Name                             Issue amount         Value date Maturity date     Coupon rate

       12CM03                               5,500,000        05/03/2013   05/03/2023             5.15%

       14CM bond                            5,500,000        26/05/2015   26/05/2025             5.08%

       18CMG1                               1,940,000        05/02/2018   05/02/2021             5.35%

       18CMG3                               1,000,000        12/06/2018   12/06/2021             4.78%

       18CMG5                               2,500,000        18/07/2018   18/07/2021             4.38%

       18CMG6                               3,000,000        08/08/2018   08/08/2021             3.94%

       18CMG8                               1,800,000        07/09/2018   07/09/2021             4.23%

       18CMF10                              2,500,000        05/12/2018   05/12/2021             4.15%

       19CMG1                               1,700,000        08/03/2019   08/03/2022             3.59%

       GF Assets Management – China
       Merchants Securities Capital
       Lending Phase II Asset-backed
       Special Plan                         3,000,000        18/03/2019   18/03/2021             3.70%

       19CMF3                               1,700,000        10/04/2019   10/04/2021             3.85%

       19CMF4                               3,600,000        10/04/2019   10/04/2022             4.00%

       19CMF5                               2,000,000        25/04/2019   25/04/2021             4.08%

       19CMF6                               4,000,000        25/04/2019   25/04/2022             4.28%

       GF Assets Management – China
       Merchants Securities Capital
       Lending Phase III Asset-backed
       Special Plan                         2,000,000        25/04/2019   25/04/2022             4.20%

       19CMF8                               4,000,000        29/05/2019   29/05/2021             3.78%

       19CM01BC                             5,000,000        11/10/2019   11/10/2022             3.45%




                                                                                        2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                     307
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


54. BONDS PAYABLE (Continued)

(i)   The details of non-convertible bonds are as follows: (Continued)

      According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
Corporate Bonds“ (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2013] No. 73), the Company was approved to publicly offer corporate
bonds with total principal amount not exceeding RMB 10,000 million. On 5 March 2013, the Company
issued corporate bonds amounting to RMB 10,000 million at Shanghai Stock Exchange, including 12CM01
amounting to RMB 3,000 million with the interest rate of 4.45% per annum, 12CM02 amounting to RMB
1,500 million with the interest rate of 4.80% per annum, and 12CM03 amounting to RMB 5,500 million with
the interest rate of 5.15% per annum, respectively. In the current year, 12CM01 and 12CM02 was due on
March 5, 2018.
      According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
Corporate Bonds“ (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2015] No. 512), the Company was approved to publicly offer corporate
bonds with total principal amount not exceeding RMB 5,500 million. On May 26, 2015, the Company
completed the issuance of 14CM bonds at Shanghai Stock Exchange, with total issued amount of RMB 5,500
million with the interest rate of 5.08% per annum and a term of 10 years.
      According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
Corporate Bonds to Qualified Investors” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 612), the Company was approved to
publicly offer corporate bond to qualified investors with total principal amount not exceeding RMB 11,800
million. On February 5, 2018, July 18, 2018, August 8, 2018, September 7, 2018 and March 8, 2019, the
Company respectively issued five batches corporate bonds at Shanghai Stock Exchange including 18CMG1,
18CMG5, 18CMG6, 18CMG8 and 19CMG1. The amounts of the five batches corporate bonds are RMB 1,940
million, RMB 2,500 million, RMB 3,000 million, RMB 1,800 million and RMB 1,700 million, with the interest
rates of 5.53%, 4.38%, 3.94%, 4.23% and 3.59% per annum, respectively.
      According to Shanghai Stock Exchange “Letter of Consent on China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
Listing the Non-publicly Offered Corporate Bonds for Transfer” (Shang Zheng Han 2018 No. 160), the
Company was approved to non-publicly offering corporate bonds to qualified investors with total principal
amount not exceeding RMB 40,000 million, valid within 12 months since the date on which the letter of
consent is issued. In the current year, the Company successively issued six batches non-public corporate bond
with term of one and above years, including 18CMF10, 19CMF3, 19CMF4, 19CMF5, 19CMF6 and 19CMF8,
of which the issued amounts are RMB 2,500 million, RMB 1,700 million, RMB 3,600 million, RMB 2,000
million, RMB 4,000 million and RMB 4,000 million, with the interest rates of 4.15%, 3.85%, 4.00%, 4.08%,
4.28% and 3.78% per annum, respectively.
     According to Shenzhen Stock Exchange “Letter of Consent on Listing GF Assets Management – China
Merchants Securities Capital Lending Phase (I-X) Asset-backed Special Plan”, the Company was approved
to adopt the method of phased issuance with total principal amount not exceeding RMB 8,000 million. On
November 14, 2018, March 18, 2019, April 25, 2019, and November 29, 2019, the Company successively
established four phases of special asset support plans with the issued amounts are RMB 1,000 million, RMB
3,000 million, RMB 2,000 million and RMB 2,000 million, with the interest rates of 3.95%, 3.70%, 4.20%
and 3.32% per annum with the priority ratio of 95%, respectively. Therein, GF Assets Management – China
Merchants Securities Capital Lending Phase I Asset-backed Special Plan and GF Assets Management – China
Merchants Securities Capital Lending Phase IV Asset-backed Special Plan are disclosed in Note 53.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

308
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


55. DIVIDENDS TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND DISTRIBUTION
    TO THE HOLDERS OF OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                         2019              2018

       Dividends recognized as distribution                                         1,768,644        2,317,996

       Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                            802,090          802,090

     Pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders meeting held on June 28, 2019, the Company declared
cash dividends of RMB 2.64 for every 10 shares (tax included) based on 6,699,409,329 shares held amounting
to RMB 1,768,644 thousand in total for the year ended December 31, 2018.
     Pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders meeting held on June 22, 2018, the Company distributed
cash dividends of RMB 3.46 for every 10 shares (tax included) based on 6,699,409,329 shares held amounting
to RMB 2,317,996 thousand in total for the year ended December 31, 2017.
     As at December 31, 2019, dividend of the Group on perpetual bonds amounted to RMB 802,090
thousand.


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

(1)   Repurchase agreements

       The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell Group’s securities
and interests in margin loans and the proceeds are presented as financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements. In accordance with the terms of the repurchase agreements, the legal title of those securities
and interests in margin loans are not transferred to the counterparties during the year and both parties
simultaneously agree to repurchase it (or an asset that is substantially the same) at the agreed date and price.
The repurchase prices are fixed and the Group is still exposed to substantially all the credit risks, market risks
and rewards of those securities and rights and interests in margin loans sold. These securities and margin
loans are not derecognized from the consolidated financial statements but regarded as “collateral” for the
liabilities because the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and rights and
interest in margin loans.




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             309
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)

     The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values related to transferred
financial assets that are not derecognized in their entirety and the associated liabilities:
      As at December 31, 2019

                                                                                                    Debt
                                                                                           instruments
                                                    Financial assets            Debt       at fair value
                                                        at fair value    instruments     through other         Securities
                                                            through     at amortized    comprehensive            lending
                                                       profit or loss            cost            income    arrangements           Total

        Carrying amount of transferred assets            62,642,843          459,778        31,677,046         5,255,033    100,034,700

        Carrying amount of associated liabilities        61,185,015          449,078        30,939,856         5,132,737     97,706,686

                                                          1,457,828           10,700           737,190           122,296      2,328,014

      As at December 31, 2018

                                                                                                    Debt
                                                                                           instruments
                                                    Financial assets            Debt       at fair value
                                                        at fair value    instruments     through other         Securities
                                                            through     at amortized    comprehensive            lending
                                                       profit or loss            cost            income    arrangements           Total

        Carrying amount of transferred assets            32,208,680          459,271        22,850,421         6,870,858     62,389,230

        Carrying amount of associated liabilities        31,629,612          451,014        22,439,602         6,747,329     61,267,557

                                                            579,068            8,257           410,819           123,529      1,121,673



(2)   Securities lending arrangements

      The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients to lend out its financial assets
classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with carrying amount totaling RMB 855,997
thousand as at December 31, 2019 (December 31, 2018: RMB 357,074 thousand), which are secured by
client’s securities and deposits held as collateral. As stipulated in the securities lending agreements, the legal
ownership of these securities is transferred to the customers. Although the customers are allowed to sell these
securities during the covered period, they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at specified
future dates. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities
and therefore has not derecognized these securities in the consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

310
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)

(3)   Securities borrowing arrangements

     The Group borrowed securities from interbank securities market platform used for the business of
financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and securities short selling, and simultaneously offers
bonds classified as financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, debt instruments at fair value through
other comprehensive income and debt instruments at amortized cost as collateral to the counterparties. As at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, the type and fair values of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
to the Group borrowed from banks through interbank securities market trading platform for the purpose of
financial assets sold under repurchase agreements are as follows:

                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                         2019              2018

       Treasury bonds                                                               5,547,770        4,988,382

       Local government bonds                                                       1,536,264          514,808

       Policy bank debt                                                             5,316,155        9,458,056

                                                                                  12,400,189        14,961,246

     As at December 31, 2019, the above securities borrowing transactions are due before April 24, 2020. As
at December 31, 2018, the above securities borrowing transactions are due before May 16, 2019.
     As at December 31, 2019 and 2018, the type and fair values of securities pledged for the Group’s
securities borrowing arrangements are as follows:

                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                         2019              2018

       Bonds                                                                      11,036,469        12,252,789



57. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

      As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Group does not have any significant capital commitments.




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             311
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS

     The emoluments of directors and supervisors of the Company paid and/or payable by the Group for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 are set out below:
      Year ended December 31, 2019

                                                       Salaries,     Retirement
                                                    allowances          benefits
                                                   and benefits          scheme                    Total
        Name                                Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments

        Executive directors:

          HUO Da                              —           2,024             263      2,868         5,155

          XIONG Jiantao                       —           2,022             257      2,868         5,147

                                              —           4,046             520      5,736        10,302

        Non-executive directors:

          SU Min                              —              —                —         —             —

          XIONG Xianliang                     —              —                —         —             —

          SU Jian                             —              —                —         —             —

          PENG Lei                            —              —                —         —             —

          HUANG Jian                          —              —                —         —             —

          WANG Daxiong                        —              —                —         —             —

          WANG Wen(1)                         —              —                —         —             —

          CHEN Zhigang(2)                     —              —                —         —             —

                                              —              —                —         —             —

        Independent non-executive
        directors:

          XIANG Hua                          200             —                —         —           200

          XIAO Houfa                         200             —                —         —           200

          XIONG Wei                          200             —                —         —           200

          HU Honggao                         200             —                —         —           200

          WANG Di                            200             —                —         —           200

                                           1,000             —                —         —          1,000




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

312
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

   Year ended December 31, 2019 (Continued)

                                               Salaries,     Retirement
                                            allowances          benefits
                                           and benefits          scheme                    Total
    Name                            Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments

    Supervisors:

      ZHOU Linda Lei                  —           1,635             228      2,295         4,158

      FANG Xiaobing                   —              —                —         —             —

      ZHANG Zehong                    —              —                —         —             —

      HE Min                          —             672             149        480         1,301

      YIN Hongyan                     —             926             172        640         1,738

      XIONG Zhigang                   —             710             172        700         1,582

      LI Xiaofei                      —              —                —         —             —

      WANG Zhangwei                   —              —                —         —             —

      MA Yunchun                      —              —                —         —             —

                                      —           3,943             721      4,115         8,779

                                   1,000          7,989           1,241      9,851        20,081




                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                             313
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

      Year ended December 31, 2018

                                                       Salaries,     Retirement
                                                    allowances          benefits
                                                   and benefits          scheme                    Total
        Name                                Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments
        Executive directors:
          HUO Da                              —           2,168             219      2,080         4,467
          WANG Yan(3)                         —           1,601             149         —          1,750
          XIONG Jiantao                       —           1,817             201      1,664         3,682
                                              —           5,586             569      3,744         9,899
        Non-executive directors:
          SU Min                              —              —                —         —             —
          XIONG Xianliang                     —              —                —         —             —
          SU Jian                             —              —                —         —             —
          PENG Lei                            —              —                —         —             —
          HUANG Jian                          —              —                —         —             —
          WANG Daxiong                        —              —                —         —             —
          CHEN Zhigang                        —              —                —         —             —
                                              —              —                —         —             —
        Independent non-executive
        directors:
          XIANG Hua                          200             —                —         —           200
          XIAO Houfa                         200             —                —         —           200
          XIONG Wei                          200             —                —         —           200
          HU Honggao                         200             —                —         —           200
          WANG Di(4)                         200             —                —         —           200
          YANG Jun(5)                         —              —                —         —             —
                                           1,000             —                —         —          1,000




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

314
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

     Year ended December 31, 2018 (Continued)

                                                              Salaries,     Retirement
                                                           allowances          benefits
                                                          and benefits          scheme                     Total
       Name                                       Fees         in kind    contributions   Bonuses    emoluments

       Supervisors:

           ZHOU Linda Lei                            —           1,823             180      1,664          3,667

           FANG Xiaobing                             —              —                —         —              —

           ZHANG Zehong                              —              —                —         —              —

           HE Min                                    —             749             130         —            879

           YIN Hongyan                               —             896             148         —           1,044

           XIONG Zhigang                             —             811             148         —            959

           LI Xiaofei                                —              —                —         —              —

           WANG Zhangwei                             —              —                —         —              —

           MA Yunchun                                —              —                —         —              —

                                                     —           4,279             606      1,664          6,549

                                                  1,000          9,865           1,175      5,408         17,448

     (1)     WANG Wen was appointed as non-executive director in July 2019.
     (2)     CHEN Zhigang resigned in June 2019.
     (3)     WANG Yan resigned in August 2018.
     (4)     Wang Di was appointed as independent non-executive director in January 2018.
     (5)     Yang Jun resigned in January 2018.
     The emoluments of executive directors and supervisors shown above were for their services in
connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’
emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company and the subsidiaries, if
applicable.
      As of the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the above compensation
packages including performance-based bonus for executive directors, non-executive directors and supervisors
for the year ended 31 December 2019 have not been finalized. Management of the Group believes that the
difference between the final emoluments and that disclosed above will not have significant impact on the
consolidated financial statements of the Group.
      No directors of the Company waived or agreed to waive any emolument paid by the Group during the
year. No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company as an incentive payment for
joining the Group or as compensation for resignation during the year.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            315
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


59. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

     Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, three (2018: three) were directors of the Company.
The emoluments of the remaining two individuals (2018: two) with the highest emoluments are as below:

                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                    2019             2018
        Basic salaries and allowances                                               1,794           3,070
        Bonuses                                                                     6,652           3,120
        Contributions to retirement benefit scheme                                    358             403
                                                                                    8,804           6,593

    Bonus was determined with reference to results of the Group and performance of individuals. No
emoluments were paid by the Group to these individuals as an incentive payment for joining the Group or as
compensation for resignation during the year.
    The emoluments of the individuals (non-director) with the highest emoluments are within the following
bands:

                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                    2019             2018
        Emolument bands
        HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000                                                   —                 2
        HKD4,000,001 to HKD4,500,000                                                    1               —
        HKD5,000,001 to HKD5,500,000                                                    1               —

     During the year of 2019, the emoluments paid by the Group to these non-director individuals were
based on the services provided to the Group by these individuals.


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

(1)   Relationship of related parties

(a)   Major shareholders

     Major shareholders include shareholders of the Company with 5% or above ownership. Share
percentage in the Company:

                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                    2019             2018
        China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                    23.51%           23.51%
        Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd.                        19.56%           19.56%
        China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company                                       6.25%           6.25%


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

316
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(1)   Relationship of related parties (Continued)

(b)   Associates of the Group

      The details information of the Group’s associates is set out in Note 22.


(c)   Other related parties

     Other related parties can be individuals or enterprises, which include: members of the Board of Directors,
the Board of Supervisors and senior management, and close family members of such individuals.
      The table below lists the Group’s other significant related parties:

          Significant related legal entities                 The relationship with the Group
          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                     Significant influence by the ultimate controller
          China Merchants Expressway Network                 Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
           Technology Holdings Co., Ltd.
          China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone             Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
           Holdings Co., Ltd.
          China Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd.          Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
          China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd.               Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
          China Merchants Property Co., Ltd.                 Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
          China Merchants (Shanghai) Investment              Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
           Co., Ltd*
          Shenzhen Merchants Property Management Co.,        Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
            Ltd.*
          China Merchants Shekou (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.*        Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
          China Merchants Real Estate (Beijing)              Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
            Co., Ltd.*
          Sinotrans Limited                                  Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
          Nanjing Tanker Corporation                         Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
          China Merchants Gangtong Development               Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
           (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*
          Eureka Investment Company Limited                  Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controller
          Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd            The director of the Company acts as a director of
                                                               the entity

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            317
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances

(a)   During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Group’s major transactions and
      balances with its associate are as below:

      Transactions between the Group and the associate:

                                                                             As at December 31,
                                                                                2019          2018
          Fee and commission income
           — Funds managed by Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
             China Merchants Fund Management Limited                          120,351       88,972

      Balances between the Group and the associate:

                                                                             As at December 31,
                                                                                2019          2018
          Accounts and other receivables
           — Funds managed by Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
             China Merchants Fund Management Limited                          224,052      198,867



(b)   The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as below:

      Transactions between the Group and other related parties:

                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                                2019          2018
          Fee and commission income
           — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                    98,045      170,206
           — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.         65,057       24,321
           — China Merchants Expressway Network Technology Holdings
             Co., Ltd.                                                          8,019             234
           — China Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd.                          1,683        9,434
           — China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd.                                  —        22,642
           — Sinotrans Limited                                                 21,782              —
           — Nanjing Tanker Corporation                                         5,660              —
           — China Merchants Gangtong Development (Shenzhen)
             Co. Ltd.*                                                          7,547              —
           — Eureka Investment Company Limited                                 12,045              —

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

318
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances (Continued)

(b)   The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as below:
      (Continued)

      Transactions between the Group and other related parties: (Continued)

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2019              2018
          Interest income
           — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                           383,136           375,770
          Investment Income
           — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.                  66,934            52,542
          Fee and commission expenses
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                          (229,019)         (259,182)
          Interest expenses of placement from banks
           — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            (11,417)          (27,726)
          Interest expenses of bond lending business
           — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                               (190)           (6,315)
          Interest expenses of repurchase agreements business
           — Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.                                   (6,694)           (2,841)
           — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                             (3,717)          (14,752)
          Other operating expenses
           — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            (62,017)          (52,083)
            — China Merchants (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd*                           (8,953)           (8,460)
           — China Merchants Property Co., Ltd.                                       (209,292)           (3,318)
           — Shenzhen Merchants Property Management Co., Ltd.*                         (17,902)           (9,612)

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.




                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              319
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances (Continued)

(b)   The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as below:
      (Continued)

      The Group also has the following balances with its other related parties.

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2019          2018

          Accounts and other receivables

            — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.              62,000              —

            — Qingdao Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                     66,354              —

            — China Merchants Shekou (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.*                           100,000              —

            — China Merchants Real Estate (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*                      436,224              —

          Bank balances

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                      23,249,531   14,591,303

          Borrowings

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                        449,082              —

          Placements from banks

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                        700,272     1,500,625

          Lease liabilities

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                        625,807

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.
     During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group entered into two new lease agreements for
the use of buildings with China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. for 5 years and 13 years respectively. The Group
has recognized additions of right-of-use assets amounted to RMB562 thousand and RMB38,378 thousand
respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

320
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(3)   Key management personnel

      The remuneration of the key management personnel of the Group is as below:

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2019               2018

       Short-term benefits:

       – Salaries, allowance and bonuses                                             37,101             27,327

       Post-employment benefits:

       – Contribution to retirement schemes                                            2,292             1,760

                                                                                     39,393             29,087



(4)   Other related parties transaction

     In December 2015, China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. issued A Shares for the
purpose to acquire China Merchants Property Development Co., Ltd. and issued A Shares to certain specific
targets for fund raising purpose. The Company subscribed 84,746 thousand shares of the non-public offering
of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. through the structured entity controlled
by China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group. As at December 31,
2019, the fair value of the above shares was amounting to RMB 1,093,444 thousand (December 31,2018:
1,388,588 thousand).
     During the year, China Merchants Investment Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, has signed
cooperation framework agreement with China Merchants Real Estate (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and China Merchants
Shekou (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. about the Beijing Yizhuang residential project and west green high-speed rail station
project in Tianjin. China Merchants Investment Co., Ltd will invest no more than RMB 500 million yuan and
RMB 200 million yuan respectively. As at December 31, 2019, China Merchants Investment Co., Ltd. has made
prepayment of RMB436.22 million and RMB100 million, respectively.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            321
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


61. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Categories of financial instruments


                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                           2019          2018

        Financial assets

        Equity instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                           7,057,809     6,722,607

        Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                          45,734,307    41,642,341

        Financial assets measured at amortized cost                  175,647,017   143,790,198

        Derivative financial assets                                    1,805,819     1,150,232

        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        138,146,068   100,124,746

                                                                     368,391,020   293,430,124

        Financial liabilities

        Derivative financial liabilities                               2,183,222     1,305,685

        Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss    10,076,386     9,528,575

        Financial liabilities at amortized cost                      276,487,697   208,713,652

                                                                     288,747,305   219,547,912




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

322
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

(1)   Risk management structure

      Since its establishment, the Group has been developing an all-around, innovative and forward-looking
risk management system, which is aligned with its operation strategy and focuses on its frontier departments
at the business level. The structure of the risk management of the Company consists of five levels, including
the strategical arrangement by the Board of Directors, supervision and scrutiny by the Supervisory Committee,
or decision-making by the senior management and the Risk Management Committee, check-and-balance
and internal controls maintained of relevant risk management departments and direct management of other
departments, branches and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
     The Group adopts a three-level risk management organization structure system: the first level refers
to implementation of effective controls on risk management by all departments and branches themselves;
the second level refers to risk management and internal control measures implemented by relevant risk
management departments; the third level refers to post-event supervision and evaluation by the Audit and
Supervision Department.
      The overall risk management duties of departments or posts under the risk management organization
structure are as follows:
      (i)     the Board of Directors and Risk Management Committee are responsible for considering and
              approving the Group’s risk appetite, risk tolerance and various risk limit indicators. They are
              also responsible for considering and approving the Group’s economic capital allocation plan,
              convening quarterly meetings, reviewing quarterly risk reports and reviewing the Group’s overall
              risk management;
      (ii)    the Supervisory Committee of the Group is responsible for supervising and examining the
              operations of the comprehensive risk management system of the Group;
      (iii)   the senior management comprising the president and vice presidents of the Group is responsible
              for the risk management of business operations, determining risk control measures and
              formulating risk limit indicators on a regular basis by reference to the risk evaluation reports.
              The Risk Management Committee set up by the senior management is the ultimate risk decision-
              making body at operation level. The Chief Risk Officer of the Group is responsible for establishing
              comprehensive risk management system, monitoring, evaluating and reporting the overall risk level
              of the Group and providing risk management suggestion on business decisions;




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            323
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(1)   Risk management structure (Continued)

      (iv)   the Risk Management Department is the leading department in respect of management of market,
             credit and operational risks of the Group. It is also responsible for managing market risk and credit
             risk, assisting and guiding all units in performing risk management. The Capital Management
             Department is responsible for managing liquidity risk, and facilitating the establishment of the
             systems, rules and policies of liquidity risk management. Legal and Compliance Department is
             responsible for leading the Group’s legal and compliance risk management, money laundering risk
             management and assisting in the compliance director on reviewing, supervising and scrutinizing
             compliance issues of the Group, promoting the implementation of anti-money laundering work.
             The Administration Department together with the Risk Management Department and other
             relevant departments promote the management of reputation risk of the company. Internal Audit
             Department is responsible for monitoring the effectiveness and implementation of the Group’s risk
             management process by audits, and responsible for initiating evaluation of entire internal control
             system at least once a year;
      (v)    All departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company are responsible for
             directly managing and supervising risks of their own businesses and management scopes.


(2)   Credit risk

      The Group’s exposure to credit risk represents the potential economic loss that may arise from the failure
of a debtor or counterparty to meet its obligation according to their contractual commitment. The Group
is primarily exposed to four types of credit risk: (a) risk arising from default of customers to repay debts in
businesses of margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed lending or stock repurchases; (b) risk
of losses of principal and interest for investments in debt securities, trust products and other credit products
due to default of the issuers or borrowers; (c) risk arising from default of a counterparty to meet its payment
obligation in trading of over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives such as equity swaps, interest rate swap and OTC
futures; (d) risk arising from the default of customers in brokerage business in respect of trading of securities,
futures and other financial products, when there was shortfall of funds after liquidation of client’s accounts
on settlement dates.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

324
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

      In respect of margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed lending, stock repurchase
business and other financing businesses, the Group has established a multi-level authorization system for
business management and a comprehensive risk management system covering the whole process through due
diligence of customers, approval of credit grant, post-loan evaluation, dynamic adjustment to collaterals, mark
to market system, mandatory liquidation and disposal on default.
     For debt securities investment business, the Group has developed an internal credit rating mechanism
to control risks of default and down-grading of debt securities as well as default of counterparties. The
Group sets minimum rating requirements for various types of investments and counterparties by business
authorization system and minimizing the loss arising from different types of investments and default of
counterparties through diversification strategy.
      For OTC derivatives trading business, the Group has formulated a set of management measures and rules
to determine eligibility of investors, due diligence of customers, grant of credit to counterparties, discount
rate of securities, effective monitoring of gearing ratio, management of collateral and follow-up measures on
default of customers, in order to strengthen the management before, during and after the transactions.
     For brokerage business, the securities trading of domestic customers of whom the Group is an agent
are settled by full margin. With regard to the trading of securities and other financial products for overseas
customers, the Group has effectively controlled the relevant credit risk by strengthen the monitor on credit
grant and margin ratio.


Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement

      The Group applies ECL model for financial assets at amortized cost, mainly including advances to
customers, financial assets held under resale agreements, debt instruments at amortized cost and debt
instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
       The Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since
initial recognition at the reporting date and recognizes the impairment loss allowance for expected credit loss
and its movements.
      If the credit risk of the financial instrument has not increased significantly since its initial recognition, it is
classified as “Stage 1” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount equivalent to the expected
credit loss of the financial instrument in the next 12 months. The increase or reversal of the impairment loss
allowance thus formed shall be included in the profit and loss as impairment losses under expected credit loss
model, net of reversal.
      If a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition is identified, the financial
instrument is moved to “Stage 2” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount equivalent to
the expected credit loss of the financial instrument over its lifetime. The increase or reversal of the impairment
loss allowance thus formed shall be included in the profit and loss as impairment losses under expected credit
loss model, net of reversal.




                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   325
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)

      If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is moved to “Stage 3”. and its
impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss of the financial
instrument over its lifetime. The increase or reversal of the impairment loss allowance thus formed shall be
included in the profit and loss as impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal.
      The criteria for the three-stage division of ECL of the main financial assets are as follows:
      Advances to customers: exposures with collateral coverage ratio less than 100% for more than 30 days
are considered to be credit impaired and recognized as Stage 3; exposures with collateral coverage ratio
less than 100% for less than 30 days are considered to be with significant increase in risk and recognized as
Stage 2; for exposures that do not have the above situations are considered to be credit risk not increased
significantly and recognized as Stage 1.
      Financial assets under resale agreements: based on the obligors’ credit quality, contract maturity date,
the related collateral securities information, which including the sector situation, liquidity discount factor,
concentration, volatility and related information, the Group sets differentiable collateral coverage ratios
(generally not less than 160%) as triggering margin calls and force liquidation thresholds (collateral coverage
ratios generally not less than 140%) against different exposures related to these transactions. Exposures with
collateral coverage ratios fall below the pre-determined force liquidation thresholds for more than 30 days
or those past due for more than 30 days are considered to be credit impaired and recognized as Stage 3;
exposures with collateral coverage ratios fall below the pre-determined force liquidation thresholds for less
than 30 days or those past due for less than 30 days are considered to be with significant increase in credit
risks and recognized as Stage 2; for exposures that do not have the above situations are considered to be
credit risk not increased significantly and recognized as Stage 1.
      For debt investment exposures, financial instruments with lower credit risk at the end of the reporting
period, or financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk after initial recognition (Stage 1);
financial instruments with significantly increased credit risk since initial recognition, however, no credit loss
has occurred, that is, there is no objective evidence of a credit loss event for a financial instrument, and its
expected credit losses should be measured at an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss of the financial
instrument throughout its lifetime (Stage 2); purchased or originated credit-impaired financial instruments, or
non-purchased or originated financial instruments that have suffered credit impairment (Stage 3).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

326
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)

     For financial assets classified as Stage 1, the expected credit loss is measured using the probability of
deault (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure at default (“EAD”), or loss ratio method. For financial
assets recognized as Stage 2 and Stage 3, the expected credit losses are measured by estimating the future
cash flows associated with the financial assets.


Measuring ECL — inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques

     The Group uses expected credit loss model to measure the expected credit losses for applicable financial
assets. Factors considered in the assessment using the expected credit loss model mainly includes asset
categories, PD, LGD, whether there are SICR and judgment on low risk assets, and the impairment loss
allowance in respect of fixed-income financial assets is determined on the basis of the projected future cash
inflows.
      For credit business, based on the obligors’ credit quality, contract maturity date, the related collateral
securities information, which including the sector situation, liquidity discount factor, concentration, volatility,
the amount of a single debt and the operation of issuers, the Group uses loss rate method to estimate loss
rate through the maintenance margin ratio, adopting the method of individual identification to identify each
transaction in order to measure the impairment loss allowance of high risk credit business.
      On the basis of credit rating of counterparties, credit assessment on borrowers and the quantitative
management of collaterals, the Group fully considers the customer portfolio of each credit related transaction,
the amount of a single debt, the term of borrowing, the maintenance margin ratio and the degree of
collateral concentration, etc., and makes sure the above factors are reflected in parameters such as PD, LGD
and maturity of borrowers. The potential default losses of credit business are measured on a transaction-
to-transaction basis, then the Group’s overall credit risk exposures are aggregated, with stress tests and
sensitivity analysis as supplement for the measurement of credit risks.
     For debt securities investments, the Group uses PD/LGD model to measure the expected credit losses for
applicable financial assets. Factors considered in the assessment using the PD/LGD model mainly includes asset
categories, PD, LGD, EAD, discount rate and adjustment factors.
      PD will be adjusted in the light of macroeconomic environment and the specific situation of bonds,
and determined after considering forward looking adjustment factors and adjustment factors of specific
bonds. The forward looking adjustment factors are evaluated mainly based on analyzing the relationship
between the default rate and the long-term average default rate under different economic environments
(or macroeconomic factors) in China and other countries, and determined through forecasting economic
environment; the adjustment factors in respect of bonds depend on different industries, specific bonds and
risk mitigation measures, which will be adjusted based on different situations or changes.
      LGD is estimated based on historical data and subject to a forward looking adjustment.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             327
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)    Credit risk (Continued)

Measuring ECL — inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques (Continued)

       Corresponding loss rates for the Group’s credit business under the 3 stages were as follows:
     Stage 1: According to the maintenance margin ratio, concentration and conditions of restriction on
trading, the loss rates on advances to customers range from 0.00% to 1.25%, the loss rates on financial
assets under resale agreements range from 0.00% to 3.78%.
      Stage 2 and Stage 3: Loss rate is determined based on the estimated future cash flows associated with
the financial assets.


SICR

     The Group uses the following criteria to determine significant increase in credit risks of debt securities
investments.
     The credit rating of foreign bonds is lowered to a level below BBB- (not included), the credit rating of
domestic bonds is lowered to a level below AA (not included), or the original debt rating is below AA but
has not yet been identified as there is a significant increase in credit risks, but there is an external rating
downgrade.
       Other events being identified as significant increase in credit risks, for example:
       •    The significant adverse changes in the industry or policies, geographical environment of issuers, or
            deterioration of the issuers’ own business operations;
       •    The consolidated financial statements of issuers exhibit significant adverse changes in main
            operations or financial indicators;
       •    The significant adverse changes (if any) in the effectiveness of credit enhancement measures;
       •    The issuers and the entities that provide credit enhancement are discredited by environmental
            protection or safety production bureau, or other important situations, or occurrence of any event
            that may affect debt repayment ability; the entities provide credit enhancement are delinquent or
            refused to bear the liability arising from credit enhancement in other debts;
       •    Other significant important events identified by the Group.
    According to the Guidance on Impairment of Financial Instruments of Securities Companies issued by
CSRC, criteria of low credit risks are as follows:
       •    International external rating of foreign bond investment is rated at BBB- or above;
       •    Domestic external rating of domestic bond investment is rated at AA or above.
       For exposures of financial assets under resale agreements with collateral coverage ratios fall below the
pre-determined force liquidation thresholds or past due are considered to be with significant increase in credit
risks. Based on the obligors’ credit quality, contract maturity date, the related collateral securities information,
which including the sector situation, liquidity discount factor, concentration, volatility and related
information, the Company sets differentiable collateral coverage ratios and force liquidation thresholds.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

328
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Forward looking information

     For credit business, based on the analysis of characteristics of industries, the Group identifies specific
indicators related to the loss rate of credit business, that is, the concentration of client positions in margin
financing and margin trading business, the cumulative pledge ratio of stock pledge business, and the type
of collateral. By constructing the relationship between these specific indicators and the loss rate, forward-
looking adjustments are made to the expected credit loss of credit business.
      For debt securities investments, the forward looking adjustment factors are firstly, evaluated mainly
based on analyzing the relationship between the default rate and the long-term average default rate under
different economic environments (or macroeconomic factors) in China and other countries, and determined
through forecasting economic environment.


The table below sets forth the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure as at the end of the reporting period,
which is the carrying amount of financial assets recognized without taking into account of the effect of
collaterals or other credit enhancements:
(a)   Maximum credit risk exposure


                                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                                               2019              2018
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss(i)                   101,877,615        67,497,116
            Derivative financial assets                                                   1,805,819        1,150,232
            Advances to customers                                                       55,224,619        42,976,430
            Financial assets held under resale agreements                               35,679,825        33,043,860
            Accounts and other receivables                                                3,667,692        3,264,229
            Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions                   4,780,890        1,431,420
            Clearing settlement funds                                                   12,471,616        13,796,281
            Cash and bank balances                                                      61,927,739        47,433,784
                                                  (ii)
            Debt instruments at amortized cost                                            1,894,639        1,844,195
            Debt instruments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                        45,734,307        41,642,341
                                                                                       325,064,761       254,079,888

      (i)      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss subjected to credit risk represent the investment in
               debt securities, trust products, equity securities lent to customers and asset-backed securities.
      (ii)     Debt instruments at amortized cost subjected to credit risk represent the investment in debt securities
               and customer loans receivable.




                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   329
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

(b)   Risk concentration

    The Group’s maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collaterals and other credit
enhancements are categorized by geographical area as follows:
      As at December 31, 2019

                                                                                Outside
                                                                  Mainland     Mainland
                                                                     China        China          Total
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    96,542,607    5,335,008   101,877,615
        Derivative financial assets                                649,150     1,156,669     1,805,819
        Advances to customers                                    51,302,490    3,922,129    55,224,619
        Financial assets held under resale agreements            35,679,825           —     35,679,825
        Accounts and other receivables                            1,759,101    1,908,591     3,667,692
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank
        financial institutions                                    4,101,323     679,567      4,780,890
        Clearing settlement funds                                11,900,495     571,121     12,471,616
        Cash and bank balances                                   53,499,838    8,427,901    61,927,739
        Debt instruments at amortized cost                        1,800,034      94,605      1,894,639
        Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                     45,441,799     292,508     45,734,307
                                                                302,676,662   22,388,099   325,064,761




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

330
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

(b)   Risk concentration (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2018

                                                                                  Outside
                                                                 Mainland        Mainland
                                                                    China           China               Total
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    66,230,063       1,267,053        67,497,116
       Derivative financial assets                                 654,938         495,294         1,150,232
       Advances to customers                                    39,032,744       3,943,686        42,976,430
       Financial assets held under resale agreements            33,043,860               —        33,043,860
       Accounts and other receivables                            1,188,083       2,076,146         3,264,229
       Deposits with exchanges and non-bank
       financial institutions                                      954,789         476,631         1,431,420
       Clearing settlement funds                                13,421,829         374,452        13,796,281
       Cash and bank balances                                   39,257,531       8,176,253        47,433,784
       Debt instruments at amortized cost                        1,796,608           47,587        1,844,195
       Debt instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                     41,642,341               —        41,642,341
                                                               237,222,786      16,857,102       254,079,888




                                                                                              2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           331
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

(c)   Credit rating analysis of financial assets

     The carrying amounts of debt securities at the end of the year are categorized by rating distribution as
follows:

                                                                                         As at December 31,
                                                                                             2019             2018
        Rating
        Issuers in Mainland China
          PRC sovereign bonds (Note)                                                  54,875,682       50,939,463
          AAA                                                                         75,223,521       36,480,181
          AA+                                                                          8,174,320         7,255,461
          AA                                                                           2,528,962         1,222,258
          AA-                                                                                   —                —
          AA- below                                                                         8,995           15,539
          A-1                                                                            307,220           553,357
        Non-rated                                                                        570,260       23,207,093
        Sub-total                                                                   141,688,960       119,673,352
        Issuers in Hong Kong and other regions
        PRC sovereign bonds (Note)                                                          2,670            9,740
          A                                                                              951,750           102,910
          B                                                                            4,598,707           956,562
          C                                                                                     —                —
          D                                                                                     —                —
        Non-rated                                                                          74,388          197,842
        Sub-total                                                                      5,627,515         1,267,054
        Total                                                                       147,316,475       120,940,406

      Note:     PRC sovereign bonds represent the rating of bonds issued by the government of PRC.AAA~AA-,
                below AA- rating represents rating on bonds with maturity over 1 year, among which AAA rating
                represents the highest rating. A-1 rating represents rating on bonds with maturity within 1 year. Non-
                rated represents bonds which are not rated by any independent rating agency.
      Credit rating of overseas bonds were derived from the lowest of Moody, Stand&Poor’s and Fitch, if any.
The bonds, which are not rated by the above agencies, are classified as non-rated. Included in A rating are
the bonds comprising Aaa~A3 rating of Moody’s, AAA~A- rating of S&P and AAA~A- rating of Fitch; B rating
are the bonds comprising Baa1~B3 rating of Moody’s, BBB+~B- rating of S&P and BBB+~B- rating of Fitch; C
rating are the bonds comprising Caa1~C rating Moody’s, CCC+~C rating of S&P and CCC~C rating of Fitch;
D rating are the bonds comprising D rating of S&P and D rating of Fitch.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

332
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk

(a)   Origin and management of liquidity risk

      The Group’s exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from failure to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable
costs and in a timely manner to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy funding
needs for normal business operation. If there is material and adverse changes in the operating condition of
the Group in the future and the Group is not able to maintain their gearing ratio at a reasonable level, and
the operations of the Group experiences unusual changes, the Group may not be able to repay the principal
or interest of relevant debts in full when due.
      In order to prevent liquidity risk, the Group has established high-quality current asset reserves and
minimum excess reserve quota system. The Group has formulated liquidity emergency management plans to
store minimum excess reserve in the funding plan. The Group has reserved treasury bonds, PBOC bills and
other highly liquid assets which can be liquidated at any time under extreme circumstances for unexpected
expenses. In addition, the Group has actively developed management for funding gaps. By using management
tools of cash flow gap, sensitivity analysis and stress testing, the Group can identify potential risks as early
as possible to arrange financing and adjust the pace of fund usage for business purposes in advance to
effectively manage the payment risk. The Group has also continuously expanded their financing channels
and has a balanced distribution of debt maturities, so as to avoid the payment risk caused by single financing
channel or servicing debts when due. Besides, the Group has established internal risk reporting system to
promptly monitor the liquidity risk in the operation of each business and at each branch. Moreover, the Group
takes measures to promote the safe, sound and sustainable operation of each business and each branch.




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                           333
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

(b)   Undiscounted cash flows by contractual maturities


                                                                                       As at December 31, 2019

                                                                                       More than More than        More than
                                                                                     1 month but     3 months     1 year but
                                                  Carrying                 Less than    less than but less than    less than   More than
                                                   amount    On demand      1 month     3 months         1 year      5 years     5 years        Total

        Non-derivative financial liabilities

        Borrowings                               4,512,018           —     3,086,527       11,742     1,202,719     277,116           —     4,578,104

        Short-term debt instruments             32,915,760           —     7,097,642   19,227,621     6,975,269           —           —    33,300,532

        Placements from banks and other
        financial institutions                   7,000,000           —     2,501,976      508,847     4,065,722           —           —     7,076,545

        Bonds payable                           64,348,043           —     7,174,734      496,390     9,001,158   49,129,380   5,779,400   71,581,062

        Financial assets sold under
        repurchase agreements                   97,572,967           —    93,380,656    1,310,520     3,107,525           —           —    97,798,701

        Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                  10,076,386      564,455    6,945,434           —        408,620    2,157,877          —    10,076,386

        Accounts payable to
        brokerage clients                       61,724,220   61,724,220           —            —             —            —           —    61,724,220

        Other payables and accrued charges       4,937,347    4,900,870      36,477            —             —            —           —     4,937,347

        Notes payable                             615,000            —            —            —        615,000           —           —      615,000

        Lease liabilities                        1,252,147           —       22,107        44,938       212,262     694,416      489,300    1,463,023

        Total                                  284,953,888   67,189,545 120,245,553    21,600,058    25,588,275   52,258,789   6,268,700 293,150,920

        Derivative financial liabilities
          – net settlement                       2,183,222    1,367,051     480,062       173,073       163,036           —           —     2,183,222




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

334
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

(b)   Undiscounted cash flows by contractual maturities (Continued)


                                                                                        As at December 31, 2018

                                                                                        More than More than        More than
                                                                                      1 month but     3 months     1 year but
                                                   Carrying                 Less than    less than but less than    less than   More than
                                                    amount    On demand      1 month     3 months         1 year      5 years     5 years        Total

       Non-derivative financial liabilities

       Borrowings                                 2,956,897           —     1,579,232       10,818        38,809    1,435,607          —     3,064,466

       Short-term debt instruments               34,051,050           —     8,228,279   17,285,090     9,642,401           —           —    35,155,770

       Placements from banks and other
       financial institutions                     3,500,000           —     2,502,492    1,025,783            —            —           —     3,528,275

       Bonds payable                             51,963,737           —      384,734       387,040    18,187,296   34,048,914   6,040,848   59,048,832

       Financial assets sold under
       repurchase agreements                     61,208,778           —    60,827,370      463,127          111            —           —    61,290,608

       Financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss                     9,528,575    2,888,048    6,640,527           —             —            —           —     9,528,575

       Accounts payable to brokerage
       clients                                   48,911,748   48,911,748           —            —             —            —           —    48,911,748

       Other payables and accrued charges         2,240,195    2,211,935      28,260            —             —            —           —     2,240,195

       Total                                    214,360,980   54,011,731   80,190,894   19,171,858    27,868,617   35,484,521   6,040,848 222,768,469

       Derivative financial liabilities
         – net settlement                         1,305,685    1,120,668      40,500        58,653        85,864           —           —     1,305,685




                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                335
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk

(a)   Origin and management of market risk

      Market risks of the Group refer to the risks of loss resulting from adverse changes in the market.
Securities held by the Group are derived from the proprietary investment, market-making business and
other investment activities. Movements in securities holding primarily arise from the relevant strategies of
proprietary investments and needs of market-making. The securities of the Group are measured at fair values
which fluctuates daily according to the market factors and change in the portfolios of the securities. Market
risks of the Group primarily include: (i) equity price risk, which represents the exposures arise from fluctuation
in the spot price, future price and volatility of indices such as stocks, equity portfolio, commodities and stock
index futures; (ii) interest rate risk, which primarily represents the exposures arise from movements in the yield
curve of fixed income investment, fluctuation in interest rates and credit spreads; and (iii) commodity risk,
which represents exposures arise from changes in the spot price, future price and the relevant volatility; and
(iv) exchange rate risk, which represents the exposures arise from changes in the spot rate, future rate and
volatility of foreign currency exchange rates.
       The Group collectively allocates economic capital in accordance with the risk preference and risk
tolerance indicators set by the directors of the Group. By considering the risk associated with each type
of investments and their interrelationship, the Group allocates the overall risk limits to different business
departments/business lines. The front-office business departments are responsible for market risk
management at the frontiers. The person in charge and investment manager shall utilize their extensive
experience and in-depth knowledge of the markets and products to conduct risk management in trading
transactions within their authorities and dynamically manages risk exposures to the securities held in open
position by taking initiative measures to mitigate or hedging these risks. Risk Management Department is
independent from other business departments and reports to Chief Risk Officer. By applying professional risk
management tools and methods, Risk Management Department aims to independently monitor, measure
and manage market risk at different levels, including investment strategies, business units/lines and the entire
Group. Reports of evaluation and risk analysis are generated and delivered to the responsible officers of the
business departments/business lines and management of the Group on a daily, monthly or quarterly basis to
facilitate decision making. When risk level is approaching or exceeds the threshold values, Risk Management
Department will warn against relevant management officers promptly, and the respective business
departments/business lines will implement measures according to the resolutions of the relevant committees.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

336
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(b)   Price risk

Value at Risk (“VaR”)

      The Group adopts Value at Risk (“VaR”) as the risk evaluation tool for measuring the market risk of the
entire securities investment portfolio which comprises various financial instruments. VaR analysis is a statistical
technique that estimates the potential maximum losses that could occur on risk positions due to movements
in interest rates, stock prices or currency rates over a specified time period and at a given level of confidence.
     The analysis of the Group’s VaR (confidence level of 95% and a holding period of one trading day) by
types of risks is as follows:
      Final

                                                                                        At December 31,

                                                                                          2019               2018

        Market risk of equity price                                                   175,609            191,994

        Market risk of interest rate                                                    36,248             51,405

        Market risk of commodity price                                                   4,475              6,491

        Market risk of foreign exchange                                                      61               157

        Diversification effect                                                         (37,910)           (58,517)

                                                                                      178,483            191,530

      Highest

                                                                                        At December 31,

                                                                                          2019               2018

        Market risk of equity price                                                   254,416            255,080

        Market risk of interest rate                                                    42,714             52,076

        Market risk of commodity price                                                   7,191              5,707

        Market risk of foreign exchange                                                  1,026                792

        Diversification effect                                                         (52,200)           (73,445)

                                                                                      253,147            240,210




                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                               337
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(b)   Price risk (Continued)

Value at Risk (“VaR”) (Continued)

      Lowest

                                                                                       At December 31,

                                                                                         2019             2018

        Market risk of equity price                                                   170,724          162,207

        Market risk of interest rate                                                   39,697           48,540

        Market risk of commodity price                                                   2,619            6,045

        Market risk of foreign exchange                                                    147               —

        Diversification effect                                                         (48,523)         (41,369)

                                                                                      164,664          175,423

      Average

                                                                                       At December 31,

                                                                                         2019             2018

        Market risk of equity price                                                   200,326          221,450

        Market risk of interest rate                                                   41,331           51,221

        Market risk of commodity price                                                   6,610            7,108

        Market risk of foreign exchange                                                    642              537

        Diversification effect                                                         (42,378)         (61,484)

                                                                                      206,531          218,832

      Note:    The VaR of the market risk of equities includes the specific directional investment for 2015 market
               stabilization measures and specific accounts in China Securities Finance Corporations. VaR value of
               these investments calculated based on CSI 300.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

338
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(c)   Interest rate risk

       The tables below summarize the Group’s interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities as at year and by
their remaining terms to repricing or contractual maturity date, whichever is earlier. Other financial assets and
liabilities not included below are not exposed to significant interest rate risk.

                                                                                                              At December 31, 2019
                                                                                     More than       More than      More than
                                                                                   1 month but     3 month but      1 year but                         Non-
                                                                      Less than       less than       less than      less than       More than      interest
                                                                       1 month        3 months           1 year        5 years         5 years      bearing          Total
       Financial assets
       Equity instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                                  —               —               —              —                —     7,057,809     7,057,809
       Debt instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                            484,154         457,366      10,287,960     28,122,253         6,382,574           —     45,734,307
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          2,188,318      6,166,520      46,118,538     33,153,688        12,021,687   38,497,317   138,146,068
       Derivative financial assets                                           —               —               —              —                —     1,805,819     1,805,819
       Advances to customers                                          6,560,080      9,733,689      38,930,850              —                —            —     55,224,619
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                 16,507,344      1,396,056      15,606,124       2,170,301               —            —     35,679,825
       Debt instruments at amortized cost                               52,782           2,937       1,048,825        783,855                —         6,237     1,894,636
       Accounts and other receivables                                        —               —               —              —                —      763,703       763,703
       Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
       institutions                                                   4,780,890              —               —              —                —            —      4,780,890
       Clearing settlement funds                                     12,471,616              —               —              —                —            —     12,471,616
       Cash and bank balances                                        61,327,739        200,000         400,000              —                —            —     61,927,739
       Sub-total                                                    104,372,923     17,956,568     112,392,297     64,230,097        18,404,261   48,130,885   365,487,031
       Financial liabilities
       Borrowings                                                     3,082,735          2,654       1,163,289        268,610                —            —      4,517,288
       Short-term debt instruments                                    7,091,848     19,106,627       6,900,141              —                —            —     33,098,616
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions         2,501,976        505,444       4,005,779              —                —            —      7,013,199
       Bonds payable                                                  7,155,098        402,360       7,934,637     45,014,924         5,484,483           —     65,991,502
       Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements             93,353,772      1,300,596       3,052,318              —                —            —     97,706,686
       Derivative financial liabilities                                      —               —               —              —                —     2,183,222     2,183,222
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss     6,945,434              —               —              —                —     3,130,952    10,076,386
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                         61,724,220              —               —              —                —            —     61,724,220
       Other payables and accrued charges                                    —               —               —              —                —     4,937,060     4,937,060
       Lease liabilities                                                21,502          43,524         202,601        621,917          362,603            —      1,252,147
       Sub-total                                                    181,876,585     21,361,205      23,258,765     45,905,451         5,847,086   10,251,234   288,500,326
       Net position                                                 (77,503,662)     (3,404,637)    89,133,532     18,324,646        12,557,175   37,879,651    76,986,705

                                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                    339
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(c)   Interest rate risk (Continued)


                                                                                                               At December 31, 2018
                                                                                      More than       More than      More than
                                                                                    1 month but     3 month but      1 year but                         Non-
                                                                       Less than       less than       less than      less than       More than      interest
                                                                        1 month        3 months           1 year        5 years         5 years      bearing          Total
        Financial assets
        Equity instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                  —               —               —              —                —     6,722,607     6,722,607
        Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                            493,917          59,354       2,426,175     32,136,852         6,526,043           —     41,642,341
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          1,846,797      3,665,559      20,210,762     25,820,503        14,142,660   33,057,185    98,743,466
        Derivative financial assets                                           —               —               —              —                —     1,150,232     1,150,232
        Advances to customers                                          6,219,030      6,755,567      29,171,675              —                —            —     42,146,272
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                 13,923,282      3,343,567      10,445,357       5,277,749               —            —     32,989,955
        Debt instruments at amortized cost                                    —               —         148,249       1,695,946               —            —      1,844,195
        Accounts and other receivables                                        —               —               —              —                —      708,466       708,466
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
        institutions                                                   1,431,420              —               —              —                —            —      1,431,420
        Clearing settlement funds                                     13,796,281              —               —              —                —            —     13,796,281
        Cash and bank balances                                        47,433,784              —               —              —                —            —     47,433,784
        Sub-total                                                     85,144,511     13,824,047      62,402,218     64,931,050        20,668,703   41,638,490   288,609,019
        Financial liabilities
        Borrowings                                                     1,576,882        700,960         679,055              —                —            —      2,956,897
        Short-term debt instruments                                    8,149,620     16,619,870       9,160,170              —                —      121,390     34,051,050
        Placements from banks and other financial institutions         2,500,000      1,000,000               —              —                —            —      3,500,000
        Bonds payable                                                         —               —      16,400,000     30,081,689         5,482,048           —     51,963,737
        Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements             60,749,277        459,391             110              —                —            —     61,208,778
        Derivative financial liabilities                                      —               —               —              —                —     1,305,685     1,305,685
        Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss     6,640,527              —               —              —                —     2,888,048     9,528,575
        Accounts payable to brokerage clients                         48,911,748              —               —              —                —            —     48,911,748
        Other payables and accrued charges                                  287               —               —              —                —     2,239,908     2,240,195
        Sub-total                                                    128,528,341     18,780,221      26,239,335     30,081,689         5,482,048    6,555,031   215,666,665
        Net position                                                 (43,383,830)     (4,956,174)    36,162,883     34,849,361        15,186,655   35,083,459    72,942,354


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

340
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(c)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

Sensitivity analysis

      The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on interest rates to measure the impact of a reasonably possible
change in interest rates on the Group’s profit and equity, assuming all other variables were held constant.
Assuming a parallel change in market interest rate and without taking into account of any possible risk
management activities that may be taken by the management to reduce interest rate risks, the Group’s
interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:


Sensitivity to profit


                                                                                      2019              2018

       Change in basis points

       Increase by 100bps                                                       (1,814,227)       (1,446,493)

       Decrease by 100bps                                                        1,855,029        1,491,687



Sensitivity to equity


                                                                                      2019              2018

       Change in basis points

       Increase by 100bps                                                       (2,963,149)       (2,659,049)

       Decrease by 100bps                                                        3,054,464        2,771,028




                                                                                             2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          341
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(d)   Foreign currency rate risk

     Foreign exchange rate risk represents the adverse changes in the financial position and cash flows of
the Group due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on foreign
exchange rates to measure its foreign exchange rate risks. The table below indicates the sensitivity analysis on
exchange rate changes in currencies that the Group has significant exposure, which calculates the impacts of
a reasonably possible change in the exchange rate of a foreign currency against Renminbi equity, assuming all
other variables were held constant. A negative amount reflects a potential decrease in equity, and a positive
amount reflects a potential increase in equity.


Sensitivity analysis of exchange rate


                                                                                       2019             2018

        Change in exchange rate

        Depreciation of USD by 3%                                                  (142,773)          (85,780)

        Depreciation of HKD by 3%                                                    (24,335)         (65,878)

     The table above indicates the impacts on the equity of a depreciation of 3% in USD and HKD against
Renminbi. There will be an opposite impact with the same amount as shown in the above table if the above
exchange rates appreciate by the same percentage.


(5)   Operational risk

      The Group’s operational risks arise from imperfection or problematic internal processes, people and
systems or external events. The operational risk factors of the Group summarized into seven categories,
including: internal fraud, external fraud, employee policies and workplace safety, clients, products and
business activities, physical property damage, business interruption and IT system failures, execution,
settlement and process management.
     The Group emphasized balance of business scale, profitability and risk tolerance level, adhering to
carrying out various operations with prudence, and will not sacrifice operational risk management and
controls. During the current year, the Group continued to strengthen operational risk management, and
established a sound operational risk management system gradually, which was commensurate with the
business nature, scale and complexity of the Group. The Group effectively improved the depth and breadth of
operational risk management, through implementation of the three management tools and their continuous
optimization and improvement, which are operational risk control and self-assessment, operational risk events
and loss data collection and key operational risk indicators, and through focus on the industry hot issues,
aimed at frequent and prone-to-occur areas of company operational risk to carry out all kinds of special comb
and screening.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

342
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(6)   Capital management

      The Group’s objectives of capital management are:
      •    To ensure the Group maintains sufficient capital strengthen and market competitiveness, oriented
           by the corporate strategy;
      •    Adequately manage its capital resource allocation to maximize the profit and capital return;
      •    To actively explore the Group’s source of funding, optimize the Group’s assets and liabilities
           structure to enhance the use of balance sheet financing;
      •    To comply with the relevant capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong and overseas
           regulations.
      The Company is required to meet the following standards for risk indicators on a continual basis:
      •    The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its various risk capital provisions shall be no less than
           100% (“Ratio 1”);
      •    The ratio of core net capital divided by on-balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet assets shall be no
           less than 8% (“Ratio 2”)
      •    The ratio of high-quality liquidity assets divided by net cash outflows for the next 30 days shall be
           no less than 100% (“Ratio 3”);
      •    The ratio of available amount of stable funds divided by required stable funds shall be no less than
           100% (“Ratio 4”);
      •    The ratio of net capital divided by net asset shall be no less than 20% (“Ratio 5”);
      •    The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio 6”);
      •    The ratio of net asset divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10% (“Ratio 7”);
      •    The ratio of the value of equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed
           100% (“Ratio 8”); and
      •    The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not
           exceed 500% (“Ratio 9”).
    Net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the
Administrative Measures.
    During the reporting period, both of the Company’s net capital and other risk control indicators,
comply with “Securities Company Management Guidelines” and “Securities Company Risk Control Indicators
Management Guideline”.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             343
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(6)   Capital management (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company maintained the above ratios as follows:

                                                                                   2019            2018

        Net capital                                                         48,651,441      52,815,746

        Net assets                                                          78,190,125      75,518,016

        Sum of all venture capital provisions                               20,227,307      17,090,060

        Total On-Balance-Sheet and Off-Balance-Sheet Assets                309,933,814     251,421,719

        Ratio 1                                                                240.52%         309.04%

        Ratio 2                                                                 13.44%          15.52%

        Ratio 3                                                                222.67%         277.30%

        Ratio 4                                                                157.77%         159.64%

        Ratio 5                                                                 62.22%          69.94%

        Ratio 6                                                                 22.26%          31.77%

        Ratio 7                                                                 35.78%          45.42%

        Ratio 8                                                                 32.50%          22.27%

        Ratio 9                                                                329.96%         246.47%

     The above ratios are calculated based on the underlying financial statements prepared in accordance
with the relevant accounting standards and financial regulations applicable to enterprise in the PRC.
     Certain subsidiaries of the Company are also subject to capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong
and overseas regulations, imposed by the CSRC, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission and the
UK Financial Conduct Authority, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

344
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

(1)   Fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured on a recurring
      basis

     The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis is
estimated using discounted cash flow method.
      The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of the financial assets and financial
liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis (including financial liabilities included in the
consolidated statement of financial position of the Group at amortized cost) approximate their fair values as
at December 31, 2019 and 2018.


(2)   Fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
      recurring basis

      If there is a reliable market quote for financial instruments, the fair value of financial instruments is
based on quoted market prices. If a reliable quoted market price is not available, the fair value of the financial
instruments is estimated using valuation techniques. Valuation techniques applied include reference to the
fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
pricing models. The inputs used in valuation techniques include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit
spreads and foreign exchange rates. Where discounted cash flow analysis is used, estimated cash flows are
based on management’s best estimates and the discount rate used is reference to another instrument that is
substantially the same.
      Since the level 2 and level 3 of financial assets and liabilities are not quoted in an active market,
valuation technique is used to estimate the fair value. When estimating fair value using valuation technique,
observable inputs and data from the practical market (e.g. yield curve of interest rate products, foreign
currency exchange rate, implied volatility, etc.) are adopted. If the observable inputs in the market are not
available, the observable input data that are calibrated as closely as possible to the market observable data
are used for estimating the fair value. Meanwhile, the credit risk, volatility, correlation, etc. of the Group and
the counterparty are estimated by the management. The changing of these factors will affect the estimated
fair value of the financial instruments, therefore there were uncertainty of accounting estimation on the level
2 and level 3 of financial assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                              345
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The valuation techniques and input used in the fair value measurements of financial instruments are as
set out below:

                                                          Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                Significant            Relationship of
                                                           December 31,
                                                                                    Fair value                                                  unobservable           unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities              2019              2018   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)        inputs                 fair value

       1)    Financial assets at fair value
             through profit or loss
             Bonds
              – Traded on stock exchanges              5,987,935        231,419        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.     N/A                    N/A
              – Traded on stock exchanges             29,980,155     22,086,234        Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows   N/A                    N/A
                                                                                                 that are estimated based on yield curves of
                                                                                                 different securities.
              – Traded on stock exchanges               399,999                 –      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows   Expected future        The higher the future
                                                                                                 that are estimated based on contractual        cash flows.            cash flows, the higher
                                                                                                 amounts and coupon rates, discounted                                  the fair value.
                                                                                                 at a rate that reflects the credit risk of     Discount rates that
                                                                                                                                                                       The lower the
                                                                                                 counterparty.                                  correspond to the
                                                                                                                                                                       discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                expected risk level.
                                                                                                                                                                       higher the fair value.
              – Traded on interbank market            62,624,219     44,770,677        Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows   N/A                    N/A
                                                                                                 that are estimated based on yield curves of
                                                                                                 different securities.
              – Traded on interbank market              171,793                 –      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows   Expected future        The higher the future
                                                                                                 that are estimated based on contractual        cash flows.            cash flows, the higher
                                                                                                 amounts and coupon rates, discounted           Discount rates that    the fair value. The
                                                                                                 at a rate that reflects the credit risk of     correspond to the      lower the discount
                                                                                                 counterparty.                                  expected risk level.   rate, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                                       fair value.
              – Unlisted                                 70,095          51,056        Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows   Expected future        The higher the future
                                                                                                 that are estimated based on contractual        cash flows.            cash flows, the higher
                                                                                                 amounts and coupon rates, discounted           Discount rates that    the fair value. The
                                                                                                 at a rate that reflects the credit risk of     correspond to the      lower the discount
                                                                                                 counterparty.                                  expected risk level.   rate, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                                       fair value.
              – Unlisted                                547,938                 –      Level 2   Measured at fair value based on broker         N/A                    N/A
                                                                                                 quoted price
             Equity investments
             – Traded on stock exchanges               9,875,989      4,526,005        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.     N/A                    N/A
             – Traded on stock exchanges (inactive)        3,523        112,661        Level 2   Adjusted quoted closing prices for stocks      N/A                    N/A
                                                                                                 suspended for trading.
             – Traded on stock exchanges               1,031,376      1,388,589        Level 2   Adjusted market prices.                        N/A                    N/A
             – Traded National Securities Exchange      319,221         402,179        Level 2   Bid prices made by market dealers.             N/A                    N/A
                 and Quotation System
             – Traded National Securities Exchange       55,646                 –      Level 2   Bid prices or negotiated prices.               N/A                    N/A
                 and Quotation System
             – Traded National Securities Exchange      558,639                 –      Level 2   Last observable transaction prices.            N/A                    N/A
                 and Quotation System
             – Traded National Securities Exchange             –         82,561        Level 3   Adjusted quoted prices.                        Liquidity discount.    The higher the
                 and Quotation System                                                                                                                                  discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                       the fair value.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

346
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                         Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                  Significant           Relationship of
                                                          December 31,
                                                                                   Fair value                                                     unobservable          unobservable input to
    Financial assets/financial liabilities                2019              2018   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)           inputs                fair value

    1)    Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss (Continued)
          Equity investments (Continued)

           – Unlisted Equity                                  –      1,628,033        Level 3   Last observable transaction prices.               Liquidity discount.   The higher the
                                                                                                                                                                        discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                        the fair value.
          – Unlisted Equity (subject to redemption     121,344         145,473        Level 3   The net asset value based on the fair value of    The fair value of     The higher the
             option)                                                                            the underlying investments                        underlying assets     underlying assets
                                                                                                                                                                        valuation, the higher
                                                                                                                                                                        the fair value.
           – Unlisted Equity                           110,345                 –      Level 3   Comparable companies analysis valuation.          Liquidity discount.   The higher the
                                                                                                                                                                        discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                        the fair value.
           – Unlisted Equity                           799,968                 –      Level 3   Discounted amount based on simple                 Repurchase            The higher the
                                                                                                repurchase interest rate.                         interest rate.        interest rate, the
                                                                                                                                                                        higher the fair value.
           – Unlisted Equity                           208,506                 –      Level 3   Backsolve method, annual multiple movement        Liquidity discount.   The higher the
                                                                                                approach, price to sales ratio.                                         discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                        the fair value.
          Funds
          – Listed                                    2,155,879        543,101        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.        N/A                   N/A
          – Unlisted                                 13,969,157     20,207,795        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the funds,       N/A                   N/A
                                                                                                determined with reference to observable
                                                                                                (quoted) prices of underlying investment
                                                                                                portfolio and adjustments of related expenses.
          Other investment
          – Wealth management and trust                587,248         111,188        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.        N/A                   N/A
             products and others
          – Wealth management and trust               5,044,434      2,283,265        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the              N/A                   N/A
             products and others                                                                investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                                observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                                investment portfolio and adjustments of
                                                                                                related expenses.
          – Wealth management and trust               1,859,786                –      Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows      Discounted rate.      The higher the
             products and others                                                                that are estimated based on yield curves of                             discount, the lower
                                                                                                different products                                                      the fair value.
          – Wealth management and trust                   4,540         27,147        Level 3   Based on the net asset values of the underlying   Third party           The higher the third
             products and others                                                                investment portfolio and adjustments of           valuation.            party valuation, the
                                                                                                related expenses.                                                       higher the fair value.
          – Wealth management and trust               1,658,333      1,527,363        Level 3   Comparable companies analysis valuation           Liquidity discount.   The higher the
             products and others                                                                                                                                        discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                        the fair value.




                                                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                        347
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                         Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                      Significant    Relationship of
                                                          December 31,
                                                                                    Fair value                                                        unobservable   unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities             2019              2018    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)              inputs         fair value

       2)    Debt instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
             Bonds
              – Traded on stock exchanges              178,305                  –      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.           N/A            N/A
              – Traded on stock exchanges            21,330,163     20,790,141         Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows         N/A            N/A
                                                                                                 that are estimated based on yield curves of
                                                                                                 different securities.
              – Traded on interbank market           24,111,636     20,852,200         Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows         N/A            N/A
                                                                                                 that are estimated based on yield curves of
                                                                                                 different securities.
              – Unlisted                               114,203                  –      Level 2   Measured at fair value based on broker               N/A            N/A
                                                                                                 quoted price
       3)    Equity instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
              – Special accounts                      7,057,809      6,722,607         Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the                 N/A            N/A
                                                                                                 investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                                 observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                                 investment portfolio and adjustments of
                                                                                                 related expenses.
       4)    Derivative financial instruments
             – Interest rate swap – assets             226,180         394,434         Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are         N/A            N/A
                                                                                                 estimated based on forward interest rates
                                                                                                 (from observable yield curves at the end of the
                                                                                                 reporting period) and contracted interest rates,
                                                                                                 discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk
                                                                                                 of various counterparties.
             – Interest rate swap – liabilities        232,652         392,849         Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are         N/A            N/A
                                                                                                 estimated based on forward interest rates
                                                                                                 (from observable yield curves at the end of the
                                                                                                 reporting period) and contracted interest rates,
                                                                                                 discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk
                                                                                                 of various counterparties.
             – Equity return swap – assets             182,909         210,192         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between           N/A            N/A
                                                                                                 the equity return of underlying equity
                                                                                                 securities based on stock index and quoted
                                                                                                 prices from stock exchanges in the PRC
                                                                                                 and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                                 agreements between the Company and the
                                                                                                 counterparty.
             – Equity return swap – liabilities               –         19,477         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between           N/A            N/A
                                                                                                 the equity return of underlying equity
                                                                                                 securities based on stock index and quoted
                                                                                                 prices from stock exchanges in the PRC
                                                                                                 and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                                 agreements between the Company and the
                                                                                                 counterparty.
             – Stock index futures – liabilities              –               18       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.           N/A            N/A
             – Treasury bond futures – liabilities         332              1,655      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.           N/A            N/A

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

348
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                       Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                    Significant             Relationship of
                                                        December 31,
                                                                                  Fair value                                                        unobservable            unobservable input to
    Financial assets/financial liabilities              2019              2018    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)              inputs                  fair value
    4)    Derivative financial instruments
          (Continued)
          – Commodity swap – assets                   16,373          10,486         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between           N/A                     N/A
                                                                                               the underlying commodity market price
                                                                                               and the reference price agreed by the
                                                                                               counterparty.
          – Commodity swap – liabilities               2,972         264,023         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between           N/A                     N/A
                                                                                               the underlying commodity market price
                                                                                               and the reference price agreed by the
                                                                                               counterparty.
          – Commodity futures – assets              1,120,349        446,665         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.           N/A                     N/A
          – Commodity futures – liabilities         1,105,762        446,316         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.           N/A                     N/A
          – Option – assets                          113,394          42,101         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.           N/A                     N/A
          – Option – liabilities                     370,568         116,966         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.           N/A                     N/A
          – Over-the-counter option – assets         133,222                  –      Level 3   Option pricing model                                 Historical volatility   The higher the
                                                                                                                                                    of the share prices     historical volatility, the
                                                                                                                                                    of the securities.      higher the fair value.
          – Over-the-counter option – liabilities    442,105                  –      Level 3   Option pricing model                                 Historical volatility   The higher the
                                                                                                                                                    of the share prices     historical volatility, the
                                                                                                                                                    of the securities.      higher the fair value.
         – Over-the-counter option – assets                 –             7,722      Level 2   Option pricing model                                 N/A                     N/A
          – Over-the-counter option – liabilities           –         49,571         Level 2   Option pricing model                                 N/A                     N/A
          – Forward contract – assets                    477                  –      Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are         N/A                     N/A
                                                                                               estimated based on forward interest rates
                                                                                               (from observable yield curves at the end of the
                                                                                               reporting period) and contracted interest rates,
                                                                                               discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk
                                                                                               of various counterparties.
          – Forward contract – liabilities             1,164              1,482      Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are         N/A                     N/A
                                                                                               estimated based on forward interest rates
                                                                                               (from observable yield curves at the end of the
                                                                                               reporting period) and contracted interest rates,
                                                                                               discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk
                                                                                               of various counterparties.
           – Commodity – assets                       12,381          38,143         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between           N/A                     N/A
                                                                                               the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                               the reference price agreed by the counterparty
           – Commodity – liabilities                  22,254          12,205         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between           N/A                     N/A
                                                                                               the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                               the reference price agreed by the counterparty
           – Credit default swap – asset                 534                  –      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows         Discounted cash         The higher the
                                                                                               that are calculated based on the difference          flow with future        discount, the lower
                                                                                               between discounted cash flows with future            cash flows that are     the fair value.
                                                                                               cash flows that are estimated based on               estimated based
                                                                                               unsecured rates and secured rates                    on contract terms.




                                                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                             349
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                           Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                    Significant           Relationship of
                                                            December 31,
                                                                                      Fair value                                                    unobservable          unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities               2019              2018    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs                fair value
       4)    Derivative financial instruments
             (Continued)
              – Credit default swap – liabilities          5,413                  –      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     Discounted cash       The higher the
                                                                                                   that are calculated based on the difference      flow with future      discount, the lower
                                                                                                   between discounted cash flows with future        cash flows that are   the fair value.
                                                                                                   cash flows that are estimated based on           estimated based
                                                                                                   unsecured rates and secured rates                on contract terms.
              – Credit default swap – asset                     –              489       Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A                   N/A
                                                                                                   that are calculated based on the difference
                                                                                                   between discounted cash flows with future
                                                                                                   cash flows that are estimated based on
                                                                                                   unsecured rates and secured rates
              – Credit default swap – liabilities               –             1,123      Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A                   N/A
                                                                                                   that are calculated based on the difference
                                                                                                   between discounted cash flows with future
                                                                                                   cash flows that are estimated based on
                                                                                                   unsecured rates and secured rates
       5)    Financial liabilities at fair value
             through profit or loss
             – Designated at fair value                 2,583,705      2,431,537         Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the funds,      N/A                   N/A
                through profit or loss                                                             determined with reference to observable
                                                                                                   (quoted) prices of underlying investment
                                                                                                   portfolio and adjustments of related expenses.
             – Financial liabilities held for trading    570,635         258,023         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                   N/A
             – Financial liabilities held for trading   6,922,046      6,839,015         Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A                   N/A
                                                                                                   that are estimated based on yield curves of
                                                                                                   different securities.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

350
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Analysis of financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the year, by level in the fair value
hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorized as follows:

                                                                As at December 31, 2019

                                                   Level 1           Level 2          Level 3             Total

       Financial assets

       Financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                  18,607,051      115,994,094         3,544,923       138,146,068

         — Bonds                                 5,987,935      93,152,312           641,887        99,782,134

         — Equity investments                    9,875,989        1,968,405        1,240,163        13,084,557

         — Funds                                 2,155,879      13,969,157                 —        16,125,036

         — Others                                  587,248        6,904,220        1,662,873         9,154,341

       Derivative financial assets               1,233,743          438,320          133,756         1,805,819

       Debt instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive
       income                                      178,305      45,556,002                 —        45,734,307

       Equity instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive
       income                                            —        7,057,809                —         7,057,809

       Total                                   20,019,099      169,046,225         3,678,679       192,744,003

       Financial liabilities

       Financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss                      570,635        9,505,751                —        10,076,386

       Derivative financial liabilities          1,476,662          259,042          447,518         2,183,222

       Total                                     2,047,297        9,764,793          447,518        12,259,608




                                                                                                2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                             351
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                As at December 31, 2018

                                                 Level 1           Level 2        Level 3           Total

        Financial assets

        Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or Loss             5,411,713         91,251,400     3,461,633     100,124,746

          — Debt securities                     231,419         66,856,911        51,056      67,139,386

          — Equity investments                4,526,005          1,903,429     1,856,067        8,285,501

          — Funds                               543,101         20,207,795             —      20,750,896

          — Others                              111,188          2,283,265     1,554,510        3,948,963

        Derivative financial assets             488,766           661,466              —        1,150,232

        Debt instruments at fair value
          through other comprehensive
          income                                      —         41,642,341             —      41,642,341

        Equity instruments at fair value
          through other comprehensive
          income                                      —          6,722,607             —        6,722,607

          Total                               5,900,479     140,277,814        3,461,633     149,639,926

        Financial liabilities

        Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                  258,023          9,270,552             —        9,528,575

        Derivative financial liabilities        564,955           740,730              —        1,305,685

        Total                                   822,978         10,011,282             —      10,834,260

     There was no significant transfer of financial instruments measured at fair value between the first and
second levels of the Group during the year of 2019 and 2018.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

352
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                                          Financial           Financial
                                                                             assets          liabilities
      As at January 1, 2019                                              3,461,633                   —
      Gain or losses for the year                                          176,668            (210,825)
      Additions                                                            828,835             236,693
      Sales and settlements                                               (250,340)                  —
      Transfers into level 3                                                     —                   —
      Transfers out of level 3                                            (538,117)                  —
      As at December 31, 2019                                            3,678,679             447,518
      Total gains or losses for the period included in profit or
      loss for assets/liabilities held at the end of the reporting
      period                                                               212,251            (210,825)

                                                                          Financial           Financial
                                                                             assets          liabilities
      As at January 1, 2018                                              4,475,354                   —
      Gain or losses for the year                                          264,676                   —
      Additions                                                            789,198                   —
      Sales and settlements                                             (2,072,528)                  —
      Transfers into level 3                                                23,137                   —
      Transfers out of level 3                                              (18,204)                 —
      As at December 31, 2018                                            3,461,633                   —
      Total gains or losses for the period included in profit or
      loss for assets/liabilities held at the end of the reporting
      period                                                               220,472                   —




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                    353
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

      The Group offsets the following financial assets and financial liabilities since the Group currently has a
legally enforceable right to set off the balances, and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the
balances simultaneously.

                                                                                               As at December 31, 2019

                                                                   Gross amounts
                                                                    of recognized                                Related amounts not set off
                                                                          financial      Net amounts of         in the consolidated statement
                                                                         liabilities      financial assets           of financial position
                                                                     set off in the     presented in the
                                            Gross amounts            consolidated            consolidated
                                               of recognize          statement of            statement of          Financial
        Type of financial assets            financial assets    financial position     financial position       instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

        Advances to customers                   55,224,619                       —           55,224,619         (48,138,182)          (7,086,437)            —

        Accounts receivable from clearing
        houses, brokers and dealers              1,468,716               (914,008)               554,708           (354,157)                    —      200,551

        Derivatives instruments                  1,814,628                  (8,809)            1,805,819                 —                      —    1,805,819

                                                58,507,963               (922,817)           57,585,146         (48,492,339)         (7,086,437)     2,006,370

                                                                                               As at December 31, 2019

                                                                   Gross amounts
                                                                     of recognized     Net amounts of            Related amounts not set off
                                                                   financial assets financial liabilities       in the consolidated statement
                                            Gross amounts             set off in the presented in the                of financial position
                                              of recognize            consolidated       consolidated
                                                   financial          statement of       statement of              Financial
        Type of financial liabilities             liabilities   financial position financial position           instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

        Accounts payable to brokerage
        clients                                 (3,855,587)               914,008             (2,941,579)           354,157                     —    (2,587,422)

        Derivatives instruments                 (2,521,279)               338,057             (2,183,222)                —                      —    (2,183,222)

                                                (6,376,866)             1,252,065             (5,124,801)           354,157                     —   (4,770,644)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

354
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

                                                                                            As at December 31, 2018

                                                               Gross amounts
                                                                of recognized
                                                                      financial      Net amounts of
                                                                                                              Related amounts not set off
                                                                     liabilities      financial assets
                                                                                                             in the consolidated statement
                                                                 set off in the     presented in the
                                                                                                                  of financial position
                                        Gross amounts            consolidated            consolidated
                                          of recognized          statement of            statement of           Financial
    Type of financial assets            financial assets    financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

    Advances to customers                   42,976,430                       —           42,976,430          (37,852,653)          (5,123,777)            —

    Accounts receivable from clearing
    houses, brokers and dealers              5,063,182               (314,638)             4,748,544            (320,193)          (4,141,261)      287,090

    Derivatives instruments                  1,329,371               (179,139)             1,150,232                  —                      —    1,150,232

                                            49,368,983               (493,777)           48,875,206          (38,172,846)         (9,265,038)     1,437,322



                                                                                            As at December 31, 2018

                                                               Gross amounts
                                                                of recognized        Net amounts of
                                                                      financial              financial
                                                                                                              Related amounts not set off
                                                                         assets             liabilities
                                                                                                             in the consolidated statement
                                        Gross amounts            set off in the     presented in the
                                                                                                                  of financial position
                                         of recognized           consolidated          consolidated
                                               financial         statement of          statement of             Financial
    Type of financial liabilities             liabilities   financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

    Accounts payable to
    brokerage clients                       (6,331,318)              (314,638)            (6,645,956)           (320,193)                    —    (6,966,149)

    Derivatives instruments                 (1,392,576)                 86,891            (1,305,685)                 —                      —    (1,305,685)

                                            (7,723,894)              (227,747)            (7,951,641)           (320,193)                    —   (8,271,834)




                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                       355
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

      The Group has entered into master netting arrangements with counterparties for the derivative
instruments, accounts receivable from dealer and broker and also with clearing house for un-settled trades.
     The Group has entered into master netting arrangements with Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company
Limited for un-settled trades, net receivables and payables are settled on the same settlement date as the
company.
      Except for the enforceable master netting arrangements and the offset-right of the financial assets under
the similar agreements disclosed above, the collateral of which, such as financial assets held under resale
agreement, financial assets sold under repurchase agreement, secured loan receivables and margin accounts
receivable, are disclosed in the corresponding notes, which are generally not on the net basis in financial
position. However, assuming the fair value of the collateral is presented on net basis, the risk exposure of
the corresponding accounts will be lowered accordingly. As at December 31, 2019 and 2018, due to the fair
value of the collateral is higher than the book value of the financial instruments, collateral net exposure after
offsetting and net amount is considered non-significant.


65. CONTINGENCIES

     As at December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Group was not involved in any material legal, arbitration
or administrative proceedings that, if adversely determined, the Group expects that they would materially
adversely affect its financial position or results of operations.


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

     The following table only contains details of subsidiaries that have significant influence on the Group’s
performance, assets or liabilities. Unless otherwise stated, the type of shares held is ordinary share.

                                                                                     As at December 31

                                                                                        2019             2018

        Unlisted investments, at cost                                              8,832,647        8,062,647




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

356
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                     Proportion ownership
                                                            Place of
                                                                                          interest held
                                                            incorporation/
                                                                                        by the Company
                                        Type of             establishment/                                        Issued and
                                                                                      (As at December 31,)
                                        legal entity        date of                                                 fully paid
    Name of subsidiary                  registered          establishment               2019          2018      share capital      Principal activities
    China Merchants Securities          Limited liability   PRC/July 14, 1999          100%           100% HK$4,103,627,390        Investment holding
    International Company Limited (i)   company
    China Merchants Securities (HK)     Limited liability   PRC/October 4, 1986        100%           100% HK$5,500,000,000        Securities brokerage
    Co., Limited                        company
    China Merchants Futures (HK)        Limited liability   PRC/January 19, 2001       100%           100%    HK$200,000,000       Futures brokerage
    Co., Limited                        company
    China Merchants Securities          Limited liability   PRC/September 18, 2006     100%           100%    HK$400,000,000       Investment holding
    Investment Management (HK)          company
    Co., Limited
    CMS Capital (HK) Co., Limited       Limited liability   PRC/August 1, 2003         100%           100%      HK$5,000,000       Assets management
                                        company
    CMS Asset Management (HK) Co.,      Limited liability   PRC/August 13, 2008        100%           100%     HK$10,000,000       Assets management
    Limited                             company
    China Merchants                     Limited liability   PRC/April 4, 1993          100%           100%   RMB630,000,000        Futures brokerage
    Futures Co., Ltd.(i)                company
    China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital     Limited liability   PRC/August 28, 2009        100%           100% RMB1,800,000,000        Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd. (i)            company
    Shenzhen China Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/July 25, 2011          100%           100%     RMB3,000,000        Consulting services
    Zhiyuan Consultancy                 company
    Services Co., Ltd.
    Beijing Zhiyuan Lixin Investment    Limited liability   PRC/April 23, 2013         100%           100%    RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Management Co., Ltd.                company                                                                                    management
    Shenzhen China Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/May 29, 2013            70%            70%    RMB15,000,000        Investment
    Zhiyuan Equity Investment and       company                                                                                    management
    Funds Management Co., Ltd.
    Ganzhou China Merchants             Limited liability   PRC/June 7, 2013           100%           100%    RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Zhiyuan No. 1 Fund Management       company                                                                                    management
    Co., Ltd.
    Ganzhou Zhaoyuan Investment         Limited liability   PRC/October 14, 2013       100%           100%    RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Management Co., Ltd.                company                                                                                    management
    Anhui Traffic Control Merchants     Limited liability   PRC/March 4, 2015          100%           100%    RMB25,000,000        Investment
    Private Equity Fund Management      company                                                                                    management
    Co. LTD
    Qingdao Guoxin Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/February 6, 2015        65%            65%    RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Private Equity Fund Investment      company                                                                                    management
    Management Co. LTD


                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                    357
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                         Proportion ownership
                                                                 Place of
                                                                                              interest held
                                                                 incorporation/
                                                                                            by the Company
                                             Type of             establishment/                                       Issued and
                                                                                          (As at December 31,)
                                             legal entity        date of                                                fully paid
          Name of subsidiary                 registered          establishment              2019          2018      share capital    Principal activities
          Shenyang China Merchants           Limited liability   PRC/July 10, 2015          70%            70%     RMB4,000,000      Investment
          Business and Development           company                                                                                 management
          Investment Management Co., Ltd.
          China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   PRC/December 2, 2013      100%           100% RMB1,970,000,000      Investment holding
          Investment Co., Ltd.(i)            company
          China Merchants Securities Asset   Limited liability   PRC/April 3, 2015         100%           100% RMB1,000,000,000      Assets management
          Management Co., Ltd.(i)            company
          China Merchants Securities (UK)    Limited liability   UK/October 25, 2013       100%           100%     US$22,000,000     Futures brokerage
          Limited                            company
          Qingdao China Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/January 12, 2016      100%           100%    RMB10,000,000      Investment
          Zhiyuan Investment Management      company                                                                                 management
          Co., Ltd.
          Anhui Zhiyuan Smart City Fund      Limited liability   PRC/March 15, 2016        100%           100%     RMB4,500,000      Equity fund
          Management Co., Ltd.               company                                                                                 management,
                                                                                                                                     investment advisory
                                                                                                                                     service, investment
                                                                                                                                     management, financial
                                                                                                                                     consultancy service
          China Merchants Securities (HK)    Limited liability   PRC/May 14, 2016          100%           100%       HK$500,000      Investment and
          Finance Co., Limited               company                                                                                 financing Management
          China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   PRC/August 8, 2016        100%           100%   RMB200,000,000      Financial services
          Capital Investment Co., Ltd*       company
          Shenzhen China Merchants           Limited liability   PRC/November 16, 2016   92.16%         92.16%    RMB10,000,000      Investment
          Zhiyuan Culture Investment         company                                                                                 management and
          Management Co., Ltd*                                                                                                       financial consultancy
          Anhui Traffic Control China        Limited liability   PRC/April 6, 2017          70%            70%    RMB15,000,000      Investment
          Merchants Fund Management          company                                                                                 management
          Co., Ltd.
          China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   Korea/January 9, 2017     100%           100% KRW8,523,900,000      Securities brokerage,
          (Korea) Co., Ltd.                  company                                                                                 futures brokerage
          Chizhou Zhongan China              Limited liability   PRC/November 4, 2015       72%            72%    RMB10,000,000      Investment
          Merchants Equity Investment        company                                                                                 management
          Management Co., Ltd.

      *        English name translated is for identification purpose only.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

358
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

   (i)      These subsidiaries are directly held by the Company.
   (ii)     The directors of the Company considered that none of the non-wholly owned subsidiaries is having
            material non-controlling interests at the end of the year, therefore there are no further information
            presented.
   (iii)    None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities during the current and prior year.


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                        As at December 31,
                                                                                            2019              2018
         Non-current assets
           Property and equipment                                                     1,446,004           1,533,317
           Right-of-use assets                                                        1,440,760
           Prepaid lease payment                                                                           431,685
           Other intangible assets                                                         3,000              3,000
           Investments in subsidiaries                                                8,832,647           8,062,647
           Interests in associates                                                    7,778,241           7,238,551
           Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
           income                                                                     7,057,809           6,722,607
           Debt instruments at amortized cost                                         1,424,662           1,796,608
           Financial assets held under resale agreements                              2,170,301           5,277,749
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          41,710            50,000
           Deferred tax assets                                                          752,103            686,505
           Other non-current assets                                                     267,280            208,463
         Total non-current assets                                                    31,214,517          32,011,132




                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                                359
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                              2019          2018
        Current assets
          Advances to customers                                          51,318,915    39,032,744
          Current tax assets                                               166,124              —
          Accounts and other receivables                                  1,036,227     1,117,785
          Amount due from a subsidiary                                    1,202,288     1,502,860
          Debt instruments at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                           44,816,397    41,642,341
          Debt instruments at amortized cost                               375,372              —
          Financial assets held under resale agreements                  33,509,524    27,536,183
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         119,429,545    88,964,260
          Derivative financial assets                                      648,870       654,938
          Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions     2,244,260     1,089,030
          Clearing settlement funds                                      11,959,758    11,849,317
          Cash and bank balances                                         48,609,703    34,707,670
        Total current assets                                            315,316,983   248,097,128
        Total assets                                                    346,531,500   280,108,260
        Current liabilities
          Short-term debt instruments                                    33,098,616    34,850,476
          Placements from banks and other financial institutions          7,013,199     3,519,000
          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                          49,827,013    38,339,464
          Accrued staff costs                                             4,728,782     3,282,057
          Other payables and accrued charges                              3,539,200     2,029,084
          Current tax liabilities                                                —          7,776
          Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss      6,945,434     6,640,527
          Derivative financial liabilities                                1,048,823      577,866
          Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements              94,035,285    60,911,667
          Lease liabilities                                                224,986
          Bonds payable due within one year                              15,478,614    17,855,355
        Total current liabilities                                       215,939,952   168,013,272
        Net current assets                                               99,377,031    80,083,856
        Total assets less current liabilities                           130,591,548   112,094,988




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

360
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

                                                                               As at December 31,
                                                                                   2019              2018
    Equity
       Share capital                                                         6,699,409         6,699,409
       Other equity instruments                                             15,000,000        15,000,000
       Capital reserve                                                      27,460,042        27,460,042
       Less: Treasury stock                                                    663,954                  —
       Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                                      541,686           302,864
       General reserves                                                     15,579,632        13,858,238
       Retained profits                                                     13,573,310        12,197,463
    Total equity                                                            78,190,125        75,518,016
    Non-current liabilities
       Accrued staff costs                                                     525,040           787,540
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                394,322             99,961
       Deferred income                                                         122,537           125,734
       Lease liabilities                                                       846,636
       Bonds payable                                                        50,512,888        35,563,737
    Total non-current liabilities                                           52,401,423        36,576,972
    Total equity and non-current liabilities                               130,591,548       112,094,988

   Note:   The Company has applied IFRS 16 since January 1, 2019 in accordance with transitional provision
           stated in Note 2. Lease liabilities amounted to RMB 1,135,119 thousands and right-of-use
           assets amounted to RMB 1,065,117 thousands were recognized on initial application of IFRS 16,
           respectively.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                       361
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as below

Capital reserve

      For the year ended December 31, 2019

                                                               At the
                                                           beginning                         At the end
                                                          of the year         Addition       of the year

        Capital reserve                                   27,460,042                —        27,460,042

      For the year ended December 31, 2018

                                                               At the
                                                           beginning                         At the end
                                                          of the year         Addition       of the year

        Capital reserve                                   27,460,042                —        27,460,042



Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income:


                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                     2019          2018
        At the beginning of the year                                              302,864       402,761
        Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          Net changes in fair value for the year                                  149,813       758,923
          Reclassification to profit or loss                                     (183,740)        22,463
          Income tax impact                                                         8,482       (195,347)
        Impairment of debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income
          Net changes in fair value for the year                                    1,144         (1,032)
          Income tax impact                                                          (286)            258
        Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          Net changes in fair value for the year                                  335,203       (913,992)
          Income tax impact                                                       (83,801)      228,498
        Share of fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income of associates                                   12,007             332
        At the end of the year                                                    541,686       302,864


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

362
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as below (Continued)

General reserves

    For the year ended December 31, 2019

                                                               At the
                                                           beginning                               At the end
                                                          of the year           Addition           of the year
      Statutory reserve                                     4,662,350            573,798            5,236,148
      General risk reserve                                  4,662,350            573,798            5,236,148
      Transaction risk reserve                              4,533,538            573,798            5,107,336
                                                          13,858,238           1,721,394           15,579,632

    For the year ended December 31, 2018

                                                               At the
                                                           beginning                               At the end
                                                          of the year           Addition           of the year
      Statutory reserve                                     4,306,384            355,966            4,662,350
      General risk reserve                                  4,306,384            355,966            4,662,350
      Transaction risk reserve                              4,177,572            355,966            4,533,538
                                                          12,790,340           1,067,898           13,858,238



Retained profits

    The movements of retained profits of the Company are set out below:

                                                                                    As at December 31,
                                                                                        2019              2018
      At the end of prior year                                                   12,197,463        12,898,816
      Effects of initial application of IFRS 9                                                         (73,031)
      Effects of initial application of IFRS 16                                      (70,002)
      At the beginning of the year                                               12,127,461        12,825,785
      Profit for the year                                                         5,737,976         3,559,663
      Appropriation to general reserves                                           (1,721,393)       (1,067,899)
      Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                           (802,090)         (802,090)
      Dividends recognized as distribution                                        (1,768,644)       (2,317,996)
      At the end of the year                                                     13,573,310        12,197,463

                                                                                               2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                            363
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were or
future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
financing activities.

                                                         Short-term
                                                               debt       Bonds          Lease      Dividend
                                         Borrowings     instruments      payable     liabilities     payable           Total
            At January 1, 2019(i)         2,961,876      34,850,476    53,419,092    1,315,352       592,196      93,138,992
            Cash changes
            – Cash flow from financing
              activities (ii)             1,331,979      (2,697,964)    9,697,427     (315,705)            —       8,015,737
            – Dividends paid                      —              —             —             —     (2,591,614)    (2,591,614)
            – Cash flow from Operating
              activities                     20,218              —             —             —             —         20,218
            Non-cash changes
            – Financing cost incurred       117,676        946,104      2,876,964       37,418             —       3,978,162
            – Dividends declared                  —              —             —             —     2,591,614       2,591,614
            – Additions of leases                                                     211,835                       211,835
            – Disposal of leases                                                        (2,108)                       (2,108)
            – Exchange differences           85,539              —         (1,981)       5,355             —         88,913
            At December 31, 2019          4,517,288      33,098,616    65,991,502    1,252,147       592,196     105,451,749


                                                         Short-term
                                                               debt       Bonds          Lease      Dividend
                                         Borrowings     instruments      payable     liabilities     payable           Total
            At January 1, 2018(i)         8,061,342      47,709,653    48,518,488                    592,196     104,881,679
            Cash changes
            – Cash flow from financing
              activities(ii)              (5,486,061)   (15,099,132)    2,677,936                          —     (17,907,257)
            – Dividends paid                      —              —             —                   (3,163,410)    (3,163,410)
            Non-cash changes
            – Financing cost incurred       133,595       2,239,955     2,222,668                          —       4,596,218
            – Dividends declared                  —              —             —                   3,163,410       3,163,410

            – Exchange differences          253,000              —             —                           —        253,000
            At December 31, 2018          2,961,876      34,850,476    53,419,092                    592,196      91,823,640

      (i)       The interest accrued on debt instrument investments of the Group is included in the carrying amounts of
                the corresponding financial liabilities.
      (ii)      The cash flows represent the proceeds from and repayment of borrowings, short-term debt instruments,
                bonds payable and interest paid in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

364
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2019
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


69. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

(1)   Issuance of corporate bonds

      On March 11, 2020, the Company issued the first tranche of non-public corporate bonds type I named
as “20CMF1” in 2020. The total principal amount of 20CMF1 is RMB 3 billion with duration of 380 days and
the interest rate is 2.65% per annum.
      On March 25, 2020, the Company issued the second tranche of non-public corporate bonds including
type I and type II named as “20CMF3” and “20CMF4”. The total principal amount of 20CMF3 is RMB2 billion
with duration of 385 days with the interest rate of 2.65% per annum. And the principal amount of 20CMF4
is RMB1.5 billion with duration of 2 years with the interest rate of 2.85% per annum.


(2)   Issuance of offshore dollar bonds

       On January 21, 2020, the Company issued a tranche of offshore dollar bonds. The total principal amount
of it is USD300 million with duration of 3 years and the interest rate is 2.625% per annum.


(3)   Profit distribution

     In accordance with the 2019 profit distribution plan approved by the board of directors on March 27,
2020, the Company would not propose profit distribution or transfer capital reserve to capital for the year
ended December 31, 2019. The proposal is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.


(4)   Repurchase and placement of shares

      On January 15, 2020, the first extraordinary general meeting was held by the Company to consider
and approve the resolution in relation to the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Scheme. The Company
hired China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“China Merchants Asset Management”) as
the management organization for this Employee Stock Ownership Scheme, and signed the Contract of China
Merchants Asset Management-China Merchants Securities No.1 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme Single
Asset Management Plan. On March 3, 2020, the Company completed the stock transfer formalities of the
Employee Stock Ownership Scheme. The Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Scheme held 40,020,780
A shares of the Company, accounting for 0.5974% of the Company’s total share capital. The number of
participants was 995. According to the “Employee Stock Ownership Scheme of China Merchants Securities
Co., Ltd. (Draft)“, from the date (March 6, 2020), when the Company announced that the target stock is
registered and transferred, the shares of the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Scheme will be locked for
36 months.


(5)   Impact of the Coronavirus Disease 2019

      The outbreak of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) across the country in January
2020 may have significant impact on the business operation of various industries in certain cities including
Hubei Province, as well as on the overall economy, in the short run. As a result, the financial performance
and financial position of the Group, particularly the quality and the return of the credit assets and financial
investments, would be affected unfavourably to a certain degree. The degree of the influence depends on
the situation of the pandemic preventive measures, the duration of the pandemic and the implementation of
macro-economic regulatory policies, etc.
     The Group continues to pay close attention to the situation of the COVID-19, evaluate its impact on the
financial status and operating results of the Group, strengthen the epidemic prevention and resume work and
production actively and orderly.

                                                                                            2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          365
Chapter 11: Documents Available for Inspection


                              (I)      Financial statements with signatures and seals of the authorized
 Documents available
                                       representative of the Company, person-in-charge of accounting and the
 for inspection
                                       head of accounting department.

                              (II)     Original copy of the auditor’s report stamped with the seals of the
 Documents available
                                       accounting firm and signatures and seals of the Certified Public
 for inspection
                                       Accountant.

                              (III)    Original copies of all documents and announcements published by the
 Documents available
                                       Company during the Reporting Period on the designated websites of the
 for inspection
                                       place where the Company’s securities are listed.

 Documents available
                              (IV) Other relevant information.
 for inspection

                                                                               Chairman of the Board: HUO Da
                                                        Submission date approved by the Board: March 27, 2020




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

366
Chapter 12: Information Disclosure of a Securities Company


I.       R eleva n t I n f o r m a t i o n o n the M ajor Adminis trative Approvals of t h e
         Company

           Issuing                                                                        Date of
 No.                        Title                                  Document No.
           authority                                                                      announcement

                            CSRC Shenzhen Office’s Approval
                            of Xie Jijun as a Managerial-level     Shen Zheng Ju Xu
           CSRC Shenzhen    Senior Management of a Securities      Ke Zi [2019] No. 16
     1                                                                                    March 12, 2019
           Office           Firm (深圳證監局關於核准謝繼軍                     (深證局許可字[2019]
                            證券公司經理層高級管理人員任職                        16號)
                            資格的批覆)

           The Securities   Reply to the opinions on
           and Fund         Conducting Treasury Bond Futures
                                                                   Ji Gou Bu Han [2019]
           Institution      Market-making Business by China
     2                                                             No. 1024 (機構部函         May 6, 2019
           Supervision      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                   [2019] 1024號)
           Department of    (關於招商證券股份有限公司開展
           the CSRC         國債期貨做市業務有關意見的覆函)

                            Reply on Issues in Relation to Share
                                                                   Guo Zi Chan Quan
                            Allotment by China Merchants
     3     SASAC                                                   [2019] No. 252 (國資     May 16, 2019
                            Securities Co., Ltd. (關於招商證券
                                                                   產權[2019] 252號)
                            股份有限公司配股有關問題的批覆)

                            Notice of the Financial Market
                            Department of the People’s
           The Financial    Bank of China on the Maximum
           Market           Outstanding Balance of Short-          Yin Shi Chang [2019]
     4     Department of    term Financing Bonds of China          No. 129 (銀市場           June 20, 2019
           the People’s     Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.         [2019] 129號)
           Bank of China    (中國人民銀行金融市場司關於招商
                            證券股份有限公司短期融資券最高
                            待償還餘額有關事項的通知)

           The Securities
                            Regulatory Advices on Issuance of
           and Fund
                            Financial Bonds by China Merchants     Ji Gou Bu Han [2019]
           Institution
     5                      Securities Co., Ltd. (關於招商證券           No. 1581 (機構部函         June 24, 2019
           Supervision
                            股份有限公司發行金融債券的監管                        [2019]號1581號)
           Department of
                            意見書)
           the CSRC

                            Decisions of the People’s              Yin Shi Chang Xu
           The People’s     Bank of China on Approval of           Zhun Yu Zi [2019]
     6                                                                                    June 28, 2019
           Bank of China    Administrative License                 No. 101 (銀市場許准
                            (中國人民銀行准予行政許可决定書)                      予字[2019]第101號)

                            CSRC Shenzhen Office’s Approval
                                                                   Shen Zheng Ju Xu Ke
                            of Wang Wen as a Director of a
           CSRC Shenzhen                                           Zi [2019] No. 53 (深
     7                      Securities Firm (深圳證監局關於                                      July 11, 2019
           Office                                                  證局許可字[2019] 53
                            核准王文證券公司董事任職資格
                                                                   號)
                            的批覆)

                            Approval of the State
                            Administration of Foreign Exchange
           State            on Qualification for Foreign
           Administration   Exchange Settlement and Sales          Hui Fu [2019] No. 30   September 5,
     8
           of Foreign       Business of China Merchants            (匯覆[2019] 30號)         2019
           Exchange         Securities Co., Ltd. (國家外匯管理局
                            關於招商證券股份有限公司結售匯
                            業務經營資格的批覆)



                                                                                          2019 Annual Report

                                                                                                          367
Chapter 12: Information Disclosure of a Securities Company




            Issuing                                                                           Date of
 No.                           Title                                  Document No.
            authority                                                                         announcement

                               Approval of CSRC Shenzhen
                               Office on the Amendments to the
                                                                      Shen Zheng Ju Xu
                               Important Provisions in the Articles
            CSRC Shenzhen                                             Ke Zi [2019] No. 84
      9                        Association of China Merchants                                 October 9, 2019
            Office                                                    (深證局許可字[2019]
                               Securities Co., Ltd. (深圳證監局關於
                                                                      84號)
                               核准招商證券股份有限公司變更公
                               司章程重要條款的批覆)

                               Approval for Share Allotment of
                                                                      Zheng Jian Xu Ke
                               Overseas Listed Foreign Shares of
                                                                      [2019] No. 1946         October 23,
  10        CSRC               China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                                      (證監許可[2019]             2019
                               Ltd. (關於核准招商證券股份有限
                                                                      1946號)
                               公司境外上市外資股配股的批覆)

            The Securities     Reply to the opinions on
            and Fund           Conducting Stock Index Options
                                                                      Ji Gou Bu Han [2019]
            Institution        Market-making Business by China                                December 17,
  11                                                                  No. 3049 (機構部函
            Supervision        Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.                                 2019
                                                                      [2019] 3049號)
            Department of      (關於招商證券股份有限公司開展股
            the CSRC           指期權做市業務有關意見的覆函)



II.       Classification of the Company by the Regulatory Department


 2019                                                                                        AA (Class A)

 2018                                                                                        AA (Class A)

 2017                                                                                        AA (Class A)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

368
Address:       111 Fuhua First Road,
               Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
Telephone:     0755-82943666
Fax:           0755-82943100
Postal code:   518046
www.cmschina.com.cn
Customer Service Hotline: 95565
