                                                                                                ANNIVERSARY
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock code: 6099




 2021
 ANNUAL REPORT
              2021
              ANNUAL REPORT
ANNIVERSARY
                                       HUO Da
                                       Chairman of the Board
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

2
Join hands in a new journey from the new
beginning to the common goal
– Statement of HUO Da, the Chairman
of the Board, for the 2021 annual report


       2021 marked the centennial anniversary of the Communist Party of China, and was the first year of China’s “14th Five-Year Plan”, as
well as the 30th anniversary of the founding of China Merchants Securities. In this historic year, the Company closely followed the pace of the
comprehensive construction of a modern socialist China and the high-quality development of China’s capital market, striving to stabilize growth,
promote reform and establish a new layout, thereby facilitating the steady development of the Company with promising progress.


       In the past year, the Company’s results hit a new record. Leveraging its organic strengths such as capital accumulation, balanced development
and quality and efficiency enhancement, the Company’s total revenue and other income reached RMB40.342 billion, and net profit attributable to
shareholders of the Company reached RMB11.645 billion, which were record highs since the founding of the Company thirty years ago, representing
the inevitable results of its sustainable organic growth. In the past year, the Company achieved remarkable results in terms of deepening reform.
The Company intensely promoted the “Double Hundred Action” (雙百行動) SOE reform, and fully implemented the tenure system and contract-
based reform of managers, releasing greater vitality for the market-oriented system and mechanism. The Company vigorously promoted the
reform of organization and mechanism of modern investment banking, and implemented integrated management for domestic and international
businesses, establishing its “client-oriented” core competitiveness of business synergy. The Company continued to support digital development,
and strengthened organizational guarantee, talent reserve and capacity building, facilitating the deep integration of technology and businesses. In
the past year, the Company strengthened its strategic layout. By building a new development landscape of dual circulation focusing on services, the
Company promoted the shift of development vision and approaches, enhanced development momentum and capacity, established the strategic goals
and measures for the “14th Five-Year Plan”, formulated business plans for wealth management and digital development, and accelerated the overall
planning for key industries such as chips, emission peak and carbon neutrality and biomedicine.


        Building upon thirty years of expertise, the Company is able to foresee the future by observing the past. In the past thirty years, China
Merchants Securities grasped the opportunities arising from the reform and opening-up under the leadership of the Party, and prospered
together with the development of China’s capital market. With the care and support from all sectors of the society, members of China Merchants
Securities have always endeavored to achieve success. The Company was founded in Shenzhen, the forefront of reform, went through a thirty-
year development progress of growth and prosperity, and withstood multiple challenges. Its operating income, net profit and total assets increased
by 10,000 times, 7,000 times and 50,000 times, respectively, and its overall competitiveness and brand influence greatly improved, representing a
significantly contribution to the transformation and upgrading of China’s economy and the preservation and appreciation of social wealth. Upon
thirty years of development and practice, we have profoundly recognized that the leadership of the Party is our fundamental guarantee; China
Merchants Spirits are our core advantages; the deepening of reform is our source of vitality; innovation and changes are our foremost driving force;
stable operation is our important guarantee; and our talent team is our most important resource. These valuable experiences will inspire the Company
to evolve and step up to a new level of high-quality development with a steady and enterprising attitude.


        2022 will witness the 20th National Congress of the Party. The capital market will face challenges arising from multiple international and
domestic factors, and will comprehensively deepen reform and opening-up under the implementation of the registration-based IPO system in the
market. The development of the capital market will promote the continuous upgrading of the comprehensive “one-stop” service model of the
securities industry. China Merchants Securities will pursue development focusing on “matters of national importance”, observe the overall situation
of serving the national strategy and development of the real economy, and actively seize present opportunities. The Company will uphold the
general approach of “seeking progress while maintaining stability”. While conscientiously preventing and mitigating various risks, focusing on
technological innovation and green development, the Company will concentrate on key areas such as wealth management, financial technology and
business synergy. Focusing on clients’ demand, the Company will precisely allocate resources, deepen transformation and reform, accelerate capacity
enhancement, and further improve the quality and efficiency of development, so as to lay a solid foundation for the development during the “14th
Five-Year Plan” and make a steady progress towards the corporate vision of “becoming the best investment bank in China”.


       The past thirty years have been extraordinary – challenging and rewarding. On behalf of China Merchants Securities, I would like to express
my sincere gratitude to all sectors of the society for their companionship and support. Looking forward to the future, we have great ambitions to
accomplish new goals. China Merchants Securities will strive to make greater contributions to serving the national strategy and the development of
the real economy, and to create more value for clients and shareholders. From the new starting point of a new journey, we hope to continue to work
together to achieve new goals and create a new future!
                                                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                 3
                                       WU Zongmin
                                       President
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

4
Seeking for advancement amid stability, being second to
none with perseverance
Promoting the high-quality development of the
Company to a new level
– Statement of WU Zongmin, the President,
for the 2021 annual report


       In 2021, the world continued to be plagued by the unprecedented pandemic, resulting in increasing uncertainties in global economic
recovery. China coordinated the prevention and control against the pandemic as well as the economic and social development. There was a
continuous recovery in its national economy, while its economy operated stably as a whole. The reform and innovation of capital market continued
to deepen, and overall operating results of the securities industry maintained its growth, with a steady increase in the scale of assets and profitability.
The year 2021 marked the 30th anniversary of the founding of China Merchants Securities. The Company unswervingly adhered to its new
philosophy of development, while serving and creating a new development framework, aiming at achieving high-quality development and excellent
operating results, so as to contribute to the celebration of 30th anniversary of the Company’s founding and make a good start for the development
of the “14th Five-Year Plan”.
       First, the Company expanded its revenues and enhanced its capacity. The Company conscientiously explored various revenues, thus
leading the continuous improvement in the competitiveness in its core businesses, resulting in steady growth in operating results. During the year,
the total revenue and other income amounted to RMB40.342 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24%, and the net profit attributable
to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB11.645 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 23%, both of which hit record highs. For
various indicators of market competitiveness in key businesses, the Company ranked the “top five”or achieved a“rising position”: in terms of market
share of the net income from agency trading of securities, the Company remained among the top three, and it achieved its record high in the number
of new investors during the year and topped the ranking in the industry. The Company led the industry in breaking the RMB3 trillion mark for its total
business scale of the custody and outsourcing and continued to strengthen its leading position in the industry.
       Second, the Company has focused on transformation and advocated reforms. Adhering to “client-first” business model, the Company
achieved remarkable results in its transformation. The Company strengthened its effort in transformation to wealth management and proactively
developed its core advantage featuring stock broker characteristics and differentiated wealth management, resulting in the significant growth
in revenues from the agency sale of financial products. The Company has put forward the reform of corporate clients business towards modern
investment banking, comprehensively launched the setting-up of manager system for corporate clients, and achieved new achievements in the
professional competence and regional set-ups. The Company proactively built up the “tripartite” interactive system of “investment, research and
investment banking”, by which the business synergy of clients’ demand-focused and platform-based mutual empowerment was continuously
enhanced.
        Third, the Company has strengthened its internal control and stabilized its operations. Facing the complex and challenging operating
situation throughout the year, the Company always adhere to seeking progress while maintaining stability, strengthening the comprehensive
assessment and prevention as well as the resolution of major financial risks, and making forward-looking research and judgement to deal with overall
operational risks in specific fields. The Company has formulated plans for pandemic prevention and control and safe production. It has been granted
the AA rating for securities firms for 14 consecutive years, and was among the first batch of securities firms included in the “White list” (白名單) of
the CSRC. The Company has continued to maintain a sound development trend of legal compliance and stable operation.
        Fourth, the Company has fulfilled its responsibilities and demonstrated its commitment. The Company has actively fulfilled its
responsibilities as a central enterprise and a state-owned securities firm, demonstrating a good corporate social image. The Company has been
practicing inclusive finance in conjunction with the “Gazelle Incubator Project” (羚躍計劃), supporting the development of technologically advanced
and high-tech SMEs. The Company has vigorously developed green finance and allocated financial resources to support the development of green
and environmentally friendly industries, in order to serve the national strategy of “emission peak and carbon neutrality”. The Company promoted the
effective connection between the efforts of consolidation and advancement of poverty alleviation and rural revitalization through the priority layout
of projects, the key guarantee of resource allocation and the preferential support of policies.
       After delivering the excellent result of the first 30 years of excellent development, China Merchants Securities will strive ahead and start a new
journey in 2022. Entering a new year, the Company will adhere to the goal of high-quality development, and fulfill its commitment to contributing
the transformation and enhancement of China’s economy, and supporting the preservation and appreciation of social wealth. The Company will
continue to consolidate and enhance the competitiveness of its core business, and strive to maintain a good momentum in the growth of operating
income and net profit by seizing the great opportunities in practicing national strategies and serving the real economy.
        We are well aware that the trust of our customers and support from all sectors are essential to every achievement of China Merchants
Securities. We also believe that, with the strong support from all sectors of society and shareholders, under the solid leadership of the Board, China
Merchants Securities will be able to write a new chapter of high-quality development with a “can do” spirit and achieve new victory in building
China’s best investment bank!


                                                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                        5
Important Notice


     I.   The Board, the Supervisory Committee, Director(s), Supervisor(s) and senior management
of the Company undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete
and contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and assume joint and
several liabilities to the information in this report.
     II.   All Directors of the Company attended the Board meeting.
    III. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
have issued standard unqualified auditor’s reports for the Company.
     IV. HUO Da, officer in charge of the Company, WU Huifeng, officer in charge of accounting
matters of the Company, and WANG Jianping, officer in charge of the accounting office of the
Company (head of accounting department), hereby warrant that the financial statements contained
in this annual report are true, accurate and complete.
     V. Proposal on profit distribution or capitalization of common reserve for the Reporting
Period considered and approved by the Board
      The Company will not allocate profit to the statutory reserve for the 2021. Based on the total share
capital registered on the equity registration date for equity distribution, a cash dividend of RMB5.40 (tax
inclusive) for every 10 shares will be distributed to all shareholders; no bonus shares will be distributed; and
no capital reserve will be converted to share capital.
     Based on the total number of shares of the Company of 8,696,526,806 shares as of December 31, 2021,
the total distributed profit is RMB4,696,124,475.24. If the Company’s total share capital changes on the
equity registration date for equity distribution, the Company will keep the total distribution unchanged and
adjust the distribution per share accordingly.
     Such cash dividend shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares in RMB
and to holders of H Shares in Hong Kong dollar. The actual amount of dividend paid in Hong Kong dollar shall
be determined based on the average exchange rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollar published by the People’s
Bank of China for the five business days immediately before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting for
considering the profit distribution plan.
     Upon consideration and approval of the 2021 annual profit distribution plan at the 2021 annual general
meeting of the Company, the Company is expected to distribute the 2021 annual cash dividend before
August 30, 2022. The Company will make separate announcement regarding the record date of such H Share
dividend distribution, the period of closure of register of members, the share registration date for A Share
dividend distribution and the specific payment date.
     VI. Risks statement relating to forward-looking statements
     Forward-looking statements, such as future plans and development strategies, contained in this report
do not constitute any substantive commitments of the Company to investors. Investors should be aware of the
investment risks.
      VII. Whether there is appropriation of the Company’s funds by the controlling shareholder and
its associates for non-operating purposes
     No
     VIII. Whether there is provision of guarantee by the Company in favor of any third party in
violation of the prescribed decision-making procedures
     No




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

6
                                                                                       Important Notice



     IX. Whether there are more than half of the Directors who cannot undertake that the
information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete
     No
     X. This annual report is prepared in both Chinese and English versions. In the event of any
discrepancy between the Chinese and English versions of this annual report, the Chinese version
shall prevail.
     XI. Warning on material risks
     The business, financial position and operating results of the Company may be susceptible to the general
economic and market conditions in China and other regions where the relevant businesses are operated in
various aspects.
      The Company is primarily exposed to the following risks: securities industry is highly regulated and
relevant rules and regulations could be revised from time to time based on the development of the securities
markets. New rules and regulations, and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of the existing rules
and regulations, may directly impact our business strategies and prospects, or could result in limitations on
the business areas that we may conduct, modifications to our business practices or additional costs, which
may adversely affect our ability to compete with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. If we
are unable to fulfill the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirement in a timely manner, we may
be exposed to legal and compliance risks; we are subject to credit risk associated with economic loss caused
by the failure of the borrower or the counterparty to fulfill their contractual obligations; we face market
risk arising from the losses on our portfolio due to adverse changes in relevant markets; we are exposed to
operational risks arising from imperfect or defective internal procedures, employees and systems or external
events; we face liquidity risk that we might not be able to get timely capital injection at reasonable costs to
repay debts that are due, fulfill other payment obligations or satisfy other capital needs for normal business
operation; we are subject to reputational risk arising from the negative publicity against the Company from
stakeholders due to the operation, management or other acts of the Company or external events; and we are
exposed to foreign exchange rate risks due to the operation of international business.
     To cope with the above risks, the Company has adopted preventive measures in respect of the
organizational structure, systems, indicators, risk management culture and IT system. For details, please see
“Potential risks” in “Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors” of this report.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              7
Contents


Chapter 1         Definitions                                        9
Chapter 2         Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators    12
Chapter 3         Report of the Board of Directors                  32
Chapter 4         Corporate Governance Report                       88
Chapter 5         Environment and Social Responsibility            150
Chapter 6         Major Events                                     153
Chapter 7         Changes in Shares and Shareholders               173
Chapter 8         Relevant Information of Bonds                    192
Chapter 9         Financial Report                                 213
Chapter 10        Information Disclosure of a Securities Company   368




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

8
                                                               Chapter 1: Definitions


I.   Definitions

    In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the
meanings set forth below:

                                     Common terms and expressions

      “Company Law”                  the Company Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國公司法》)
      “Securities Law”               the Securities Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國證券法》)
                                     the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
      “Articles of Association”
                                     (as amended from time to time)

      “CSRC”                         China Securities Regulatory Commission (中國證券監督管理委員會)
      “SFC”                          the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong

      “CSRC Shenzhen Office”         the Shenzhen office of the CSRC

                                     State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
      “SASAC”
                                     the State Council (國務院國有資產監督管理委員會)
      “SSE”                          the Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所)
      “SZSE”                         the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (深圳證券交易所)
      “SSE website”                  http://www.sse.com.cn, the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange

      “CSDC”                         China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited

      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange      http://www.hkexnews.hk, the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong
      website”                       Kong Limited (HKExnews)

                                     China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., a joint stock company
                                     incorporated in August 1993 as a corporate legal person under PRC
      “Company”, “China
                                     laws with limited liability, the H Shares and A Shares of which are
      Merchants Securities”
                                     listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock
                                     code: 6099) and on the SSE (stock code: 600999), respectively

                                     China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司) and its
      “Group”
                                     controlled subsidiaries

                                     http://www.cmschina.com, the website of China Merchants
      “Company’s website”
                                     Securities Co., Ltd.

      “China Merchants Group”        China Merchants Group Limited (招商局集團有限公司)
      “China Merchants Finance       China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局金融集團有限公
      Holdings”                      司)

                                     China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市招融
      “CM Finance Investment”
                                     投資控股有限公司)




                                                                                       2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                       9
Chapter 1: Definitions




                                       Common terms and expressions

                                       Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市集盛投
       “Jisheng Investment”
                                       資發展有限公司)
       “China Ocean Shipping”          China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd. (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)
       “China Merchants Bank”          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行股份有限公司)

                                       China Merchants Securities International Company Limited (招商證
       “CMS International”
                                       券國際有限公司)
       “China Merchants Futures”       China Merchants Futures Co., Limited (招商期貨有限公司)

                                       China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (招商致遠資
       “CMS Zhiyuan”
                                       本投資有限公司)

                                       China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (招商證券投資有限
       “CMS Investment”
                                       公司)

                                       China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (招商證券
       “CMS Asset Management”
                                       資產管理有限公司)
       “Bosera Funds”                  Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited (博時基金管理有限公司)

                                       China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (招商基金管理有限公
       “China Merchants Fund”
                                       司)
       “ECT”                           E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd. (證通股份有限公司)
       “Kaiyuan Securities”            Kaiyuan Securities Co., Ltd. (開源證券股份有限公司)
                                       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
       “Hong Kong Listing Rules”
                                       of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time)

                                       Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
       “Model Code”
                                       as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

                                       the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
       “SFO”
                                       Hong Kong)
                                       domestic share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company with
       “A Share(s)”                    a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the SSE (stock
                                       code: 600999)

                                       overseas-listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the
       “H Share(s)”                    Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on
                                       the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 6099)

       “A Shareholder(s)”              holders of A Shares

       “H Shareholder(s)”              holders of H Shares

       “Reporting Period”, “Current
                                       from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021
       Period”




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

10
                                                                Chapter 1: Definitions




                            Common terms and expressions

“Previous Period”           from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020

“RMB”, “RMB10,000”, and     Renminbi 1 Yuan, Renminbi 10,000 Yuan and Renminbi 100 million
“RMB100 million”            Yuan

“NEEQ”                      The National Equities Exchange and Quotations

“STAR Market”               the Science and Technology Innovation Board of SSE

“VaR”                       Value at Risk

“APP”                       Application

“IT”                        Information Technology

“IPO”                       Initial Public Offering

“CIRC”                      China Insurance Regulatory Commission

“CBIRC”                     China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

“%”                         per cent.

“Latest Practicable Date”   March 27, 2022




                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                          11
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators


I.   Corporate Information

       Chinese name of the Company                                     招商證券股份有限公司
       Abbreviation                                                    招商證券
       English name of the Company                                     CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.

       Abbreviation                                                    CMS

       Legal representative of the Company                             HUO Da

       General manager of the Company                                  WU Zongmin

       Authorized representatives of the Company                       WU Huifeng, PENG Lei



     Registered capital and net capital of the Company

                                                                                                             Unit: Yuan        Currency: RMB

                                                                                  As at the end of                         As at the end of
                                                                             the Reporting Period                                 Last Year

       Registered capital                                                          8,696,526,806.00                        8,696,526,806.00

       Net capital                                                               72,735,158,477.64                     58,654,486,820.65



     Business qualifications of the Company

    China Merchants Securities is a member of the Securities Association of China (Membership code:
185053), SSE (Membership code: 0037), SZSE (Membership code: 000011) and Beijing Stock Exchange
(Membership code: 000095). Qualifications of each of the business lines are as follows:

       No.                         Qualification                                        Approval authority                     Date of approval
              Qualification of issuing credit-protected warrants for     China Securities Depository and Clearing
       1                                                                                                                       June 2021
              providing pledge repo to protected bonds                   Corporation Limited
       2      Pilot optimization for account management function         Securities Association of China                       June 2021
                                                                         The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
       3      Fund investment advisory business                                                                                June 2021
                                                                         Department of the CSRC
       4      Issuer of credit protection warrants launched in SZSE      Shenzhen Stock Exchange                               November 2020
              Standard forward contract on bond of Agricultural
       5                                                                 Shanghai Clearing House                               October 2020
              Development Bank of China
       6      Interest option business                                   China Foreign Exchange Trading Center                 March 2020
                                                                         The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
       7      Market maker of stock index options                                                                              December 2019
                                                                         Department of the CSRC
       8      Lead market maker of the CSI 300 ETF options               Shenzhen Stock Exchange                               December 2019
       9      Trading authority for access to stock options business     Shenzhen Stock Exchange                               December 2019


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

12
                                Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




No.                         Qualification                                         Approval authority                    Date of approval
10    Sale and settlement of foreign exchange business             State Administration of Foreign Exchange            August 2019
      Participation in margin securities loan business of the
11                                                                 China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.                  July 2019
      STAR Market
                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
12    Market maker of treasury bond futures                                                                            May 2019
                                                                   Department of the CSRC
13    Credit protection contract business                          Shanghai Stock Exchange                             February 2019
14    Lead market maker of listed funds business                   Shanghai Stock Exchange                             February 2019
                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
15    Credit derivatives business                                                                                      December 2018
                                                                   Department of the CSRC
16    Market maker of crude oil futures business                   Shanghai International Energy Exchange              October 2018
17    Market maker of nickel futures                               Shanghai Futures Exchange                           October 2018
18    Market maker of copper options                               Shanghai Futures Exchange                           September 2018
19    Dealer of OTC options business                               Securities Association of China                     August 2018
20    Market maker of Bond Connect “Northbound Trading”            China Foreign Exchange Trading Center               July 2018
                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
21    Conducting pilot cross-border businesses                                                                         April 2018
                                                                   Department of the CSRC
                                                                   National Association of Financial Market
22    Core dealer of credit risk mitigation instruments                                                                January 2017
                                                                   Institutional Investors
                                                                   National Association of Financial Market
23    Qualification to issue credit risk mitigation certificates                                                       January 2017
                                                                   Institutional Investors
                                                                   National Association of Financial Market
24    Qualification to issue credit-linked notes                                                                       January 2017
                                                                   Institutional Investors
      Non-bank member of the Shanghai Commercial Paper             General Administration Department of the People’s
25                                                                                                                     November 2016
      Exchange                                                     Bank of China
      Trading authority for access to Southbound Trading
26                                                                 Shenzhen Stock Exchange                             November 2016
      business under Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
27    Approval for provision of online account opening service                                                         April 2015
                                                                   Department of the CSRC
      Ordinary member for centralized settlement of standard
28                                                                 Shanghai Clearing House                             April 2015
      forward bond
      Approval for financing through exercising incentive share
29                                                                 Shenzhen Stock Exchange                             March 2015
      options of listed companies
                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
30    Licence for spot gold proprietary trading business                                                               March 2015
                                                                   Department of the CSRC
      Licence for providing payment services for customers’        China Securities Investor Protection Fund
31                                                                                                                     March 2015
      funds                                                        Corporation Limited
32    Licence for stock options market-making business             CSRC                                                January 2015
      Licence for market-making business for SSE 50 ETF
33                                                                 Shanghai Stock Exchange                             January 2015
      options trading


                                                                                                                     2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                        13
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




       No.                          Qualification                                          Approval authority                 Date of approval
       34     Proprietary trading of stock options                        Shanghai Stock Exchange                             January 2015
                                                                          China Securities Depository and Clearing
       35     Licence for options settlement                                                                                  January 2015
                                                                          Corporation Limited
       36     Stock options trading participant on the SSE                Shanghai Stock Exchange                             January 2015
       37     Licence for pilot online securities business                Securities Association of China                     November 2014
              Trading authority for access to Southbound Trading
       38                                                                 Shanghai Stock Exchange                             October 2014
              business
              Ordinary member of Interbank Market Clearing House
       39     Co., Ltd. for centralized settlement of RMB interest rate   Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd.           June 2014
              swaps
              Qualification of lead manager business (market-making
       40                                                                 NEEQ Co., Ltd.                                      June 2014
              business)
       41     Licence for OTC options trading business                    Securities Association of China                     February 2014
              Ordinary member for centralized settlement of interest
       42                                                                 Shanghai Clearing House                             February 2014
              swaps
       43     Licence for securities investment fund custody business     CSRC                                                January 2014
                                                                          The Registration and Custody Department of
              Qualification for agency business of securities pledge
       44                                                                 China Securities Depository and                     July 2013
              registration
                                                                          Clearing Corporation Limited
       45     Authority for stock-pledged repo business                   Shanghai Stock Exchange                             June 2013
       46     Authority for stock-pledged repo                            Shenzhen Stock Exchange                             June 2013
       47     Participation in interest rate swap transactions            CSRC Shenzhen Office                                May 2013
                                                                                                                              April 2013 (latest
       48     Permit for conducting insurance agency businesses           CIRC (currently known as CBIRC)                     certificate obtained
                                                                                                                              in April 2020)
              Qualification of lead manager business (recommendation
       49                                                                 NEEQ Co., Ltd.                                      March 2013
              and brokerage businesses)
       50     Licence for OTC trading business                            Securities Association of China                     February 2013
                                                                          The Institution Supervision Department (currently
       51     Licence for equity total return swap business               known as the Securities and Fund Institution        January 2013
                                                                          Supervision Department) of the CSRC
              Licence for special institutional client business of
       52                                                                 CIRC (currently known as CBIRC)                     January 2013
              insurance companies
       53     Qualification for sale of financial products                CSRC Shenzhen Office                                December 2012
              Qualification of lead underwriting debt financing           National Association of Financial Market
       54                                                                                                                     November 2012
              instruments of non-financial enterprises                    Institutional Investors
                                                                          The Institution Supervision Department (currently
              Qualification to provide comprehensive custodian
       55                                                                 known as the Securities and Fund Institution        October 2012
              services for private investment funds
                                                                          Supervision Department) of the CSRC
       56     Licence for margin and securities refinancing               China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.                  August 2012
              Qualification of underwriting private placement bonds of
       57                                                                 Securities Association of China                     June 2012
              small and medium enterprises

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

14
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




No.                        Qualification                                         Approval authority                      Date of approval
58    Licence for stock repurchase business                       CSRC                                                  May 2012
                                                                  The Institution Supervision Department (currently
      Qualification for dealer-quoted bond pledged repo
59                                                                known as the Securities and Fund Institution          January 2012
      transactions
                                                                  Supervision Department) of the CSRC
      Qualification for third-party custodian services for one
60                                                                CSRC Shenzhen Office                                  June 2011
      customer – multiple bank services
61    Ordinary member for settlement                              Shanghai Clearing House                               November 2010
      Qualification for margin financing and securities lending
62                                                                CSRC                                                  June 2010
      business
63    Licence for direct investment business                      CSRC                                                  August 2009
      Qualification for intermediary introduction business for
64                                                                CSRC                                                  February 2008
      China Merchants Futures
                                                                  China Securities Depository and Clearing
65    Category A clearing participant of the CSDC                                                                       February 2008
                                                                  Corporation Limited
      Licence for overseas securities investment management
66                                                                CSRC                                                  August 2007
      business
      Primary dealer on the integrated e-platform for fixed-
67                                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange                               July 2007
      income securities of the SSE
                                                                                                                        December 2006
      Permit for foreign exchange operation in the securities                                                           (latest certificate
68                                                                State Administration of Foreign Exchange
      business                                                                                                          obtained in November
                                                                                                                        2012)
                                                                  China Securities Depository and
69    Clearing participant of the CSDC                                                                                  March 2006
                                                                  Clearing Corporation Limited
70    Primary dealer of SSE 180 Index Exchange Traded Fund        Shanghai Stock Exchange                               March 2006
71    Qualification for quote transfer business                   Securities Association of China                       January 2006
72    Licence for underwriting business of commercial paper       The People’s Bank of China                            July 2005
73    Qualification for operation of foreign shares business      CSRC                                                  September 2002
      Qualification for open-end securities investment fund
74                                                                CSRC                                                  August 2002
      consignment business
      Qualification for trusted investment management
75                                                                CSRC                                                  May 2002
      business
76    Qualification for online securities agency business         CSRC                                                  February 2001
                                                                  General Administration Department of the People’s
77    Qualified member of interbank market                                                                              September 1999
                                                                  Bank of China
      Qualification for RMB special stocks business
78                                                                Shanghai Securities Management Office                 November 1996
      (unrestricted) in Shanghai
                                                                  Shenzhen Office of the State Administration of
79    Licence for starting foreign exchange business                                                                    October 1996
                                                                  Foreign Exchange
      Pilot unit of equity trading agency system for non-listed   Property Right Transfer Leading Group Office of the
80                                                                                                                      January 1996
      companies                                                   Shenzhen Municipal Government
81    Licence for starting proprietary business                   Shenzhen Securities Management Office                 August 1993

                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                         15
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     Qualifications of CMS International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

       No.                          Qualification                                  Approval authority             Date of approval

       1      Licence for dealing in futures contracts               SFC                                          June 2014

       2      Licence for advising on futures contracts              SFC                                          June 2014

       3      Licence for asset management                           SFC                                          March 2010

       4      Licence for dealing in securities                      SFC                                          February 2009

       5      Licence for advising on securities                     SFC                                          February 2009

       6      Licence for advising on corporate finance              SFC                                          February 2009

     Qualifications of China Merchants Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

       No.                          Qualification                                  Approval authority             Date of approval

       1      Market maker business                                  China Futures Association                    March 2018

       2      Member of Shanghai International Energy Exchange       Shanghai International Energy Exchange       May 2017

       3      Licence for basis trading                              China Futures Association                    April 2017

       4      Licence for OTC derivatives business                   China Futures Association                    April 2017

       5      Licence for warehouse receipt services                 China Futures Association                    December 2016

       6      Filing for entry of the interbank bond market          The People’s Bank of China                   July 2016

                                                                                                                  August 2014 (latest
              Licence for commodities futures brokerage, financial
       7                                                             CSRC                                         certificate obtained
              futures brokerage and futures investment consulting
                                                                                                                  in September 2021)

       8      Licence for asset management                           CSRC                                         March 2013

       9      Licence for futures investment consultancy             CSRC                                         August 2011

       10     Member of Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                 Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                 March 2009

       11     Member of Dalian Commodity Exchange                    Dalian Commodity Exchange                    December 2008

       12     Member of Shanghai Futures Exchange                    Shanghai Futures Exchange                    October 2008

              Clearing and Settlement Member of China Financial
       13                                                            China Financial Futures Exchange Co., Ltd.   December 2007
              Futures Exchange

       14     Licence for financial futures trading settlement       CSRC                                         November 2007




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

16
                                      Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      Qualification of CMS Zhiyuan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is as follows:

       No.                         Qualification                                          Approval authority                   Date of approval

       1      Private investment fund subsidiary of a securities firm      Securities Association of China                     April 2017

      Qualifications of CMS Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

       No.                         Qualification                                          Approval authority                   Date of approval

                                                                           Shenzhen Joint Meeting Office of the Pilot Scheme
              Pilot scheme for overseas investment of qualified            for Overseas Investment of Qualified Domestic
       1                                                                                                                       November 2015
              domestic investors                                           Investors (深圳市合格境內投資者境外投資試點工作
                                                                           聯席會議辦公室)
              Qualification for securities asset management business
       2                                                                   CSRC                                                January 2015
              and qualified domestic institutional investors



II.   Contact Persons and Contact Methods

                                           Secretary to the Board                              Representative of Securities Affairs

       Name                   WU Huifeng                                                    LUO Li

       Correspondence         No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian                 No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
       address                District, Shenzhen, the PRC                                   District, Shenzhen, the PRC

       Telephone              0755-82943666                                                 0755-82960432

       Fax                    0755-82944669                                                 0755-82944669

       E-mail address         IR@cmschina.com.cn                                            luoli@cmschina.com.cn

                                                                        Joint Company Secretaries

       Name                   WU Huifeng                                                    KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne

       Correspondence         No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian                 40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
       address                District, Shenzhen, the PRC                                   Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong




                                                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                               17
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



III. Basic Information

                                                            No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian District,
       Registered address of the Company
                                                            Shenzhen, the PRC
                                                            In August 1991, the registered address of the Company
                                                            was 1/F, New Energy Building, Nanyou Industrial Zone,
                                                            Shenzhen. In October 1993, it was changed to 1/F, Block
                                                            C, Shenfang Industrial Building, Huaqiang North Road,
       Historical change of the registered address of the   Futian District, Shenzhen. In August 1998, it was changed
       Company                                              to 8/F-11/F, Block A, Huaqiang Jiahe Building, Shenzhen. In
                                                            May 2002, it was changed to 38/F-45/F, Block A, Jiangsu
                                                            Building, Futian District, Shenzhen. In November 2018, it
                                                            was changed to No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street,
                                                            Futian District, Shenzhen.
                                                            No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian District,
       Office address of the Company
                                                            Shenzhen, the PRC
       Postal code                                          518046
                                                            48/F, One Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central,
       Principal place of business in Hong Kong
                                                            Hong Kong
       Company’s website                                    http://www.cmschina.com
       E-mail address                                       IR@cmschina.com.cn



IV. Information Disclosure and Place of Document Inspection

       The name and website of the media where the          China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
       Company discloses its annual report                  Securities Times, Securities Daily
       The SSE website where the Company discloses its
                                                            http://www.sse.com.cn
       annual report
       The Hong Kong Stock Exchange website where the
                                                            http://www.hkexnews.hk
       Company discloses its annual report
       Place of inspection for the Company’s annual         No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian District,
       report                                               Shenzhen, the PRC



V. Information on the Company’s Shares

                                        Information on the Company’s Shares
                           Exchange at which               Stock                                    Previous stock
            Class         the shares are listed         abbreviation           Stock code            abbreviation
                          Shanghai Stock
       A Shares           Exchange                    CMS                   600999                 –
                          Hong Kong Stock
       H Shares           Exchange                    CMS                   6099                   –

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

18
                             Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VI. Other Information

     (I)   History of the Company, including the reform and reorganization, capital increase and
           share capital enlargement in previous years

      The predecessor of the Company is the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank. On August
3, 1991, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China (Shenzhen branch) pursuant to the Notice on the
Approval for Trial Operation of the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank ([1991] Shen Ren Yin
Fa Zi No. 140) (《 關於同意招商銀行證券業務部試營業的通知》                      （ [1991]深人銀發字第140號）), the Securities
Department of China Merchants Bank was incorporated upon registration with the Shenzhen Administration
for Industry and Commerce.
     On August 1, 1993, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China (Shenzhen branch) pursuant to
the Approval for the Granting of Level 2 Legal Person Qualification to All Securities Business Department in
Shenzhen (Shen Ren Yin Fu Zi [1993] No. 394) (《關於同意賦予各深圳證券業務部二級法人資格的批覆》                              （深人
銀覆字[1993]第394號）), the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank was permitted by the Shenzhen
Administration for Industry and Commerce to be incorporated as a legal person and became a level 2 legal
person under China Merchants Bank with a registered capital of RMB25 million.
      On August 26, 1994, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China pursuant to the Approval for
the Incorporation of CMB Securities Company (Yin Fu [1994] No. 161) (《關於成立招銀證券公司的批覆》                 （銀
覆[1994]161號）) and the permission by the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, China
Merchants Bank, building on its Securities Department, established Shenzhen CMB Securities Company with a
registered capital of RMB150 million. On September 28, 1994, the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and
Commerce permitted Shenzhen CMB Securities Company to change its name to CMB Securities Company (招
銀證券公司).
      On November 6, 1998, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China pursuant to the Approval for the
Reformed Structure and Capital Increase of CMB Securities Company (Yin Fu [1997] No. 529) (《關於招銀證券
公司增資改制的批覆》          （銀覆[1997]529號）) and the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Reformed Structure
and Capital Increase and Change of Name of CMB Securities Company (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [1998] No. 27) (《關
於同意招銀證券公司增資改制、更名的批覆》                       （證監機構字[1998]27號）) and the permission of the Shenzhen
Administration for Industry and Commerce, CMB Securities Company introduced 11 new shareholders for
the purpose of capital increase and structural reform, and changed its name to Guotong Securities Limited
Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司). Its registered capital increased from RMB150 million to RMB800
million. China Merchants Bank contributed to the capital by means of the net assets of CMB Securities
Company while the 11 new shareholders contributed to the capital by means of cash.




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                        19
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      On August 31, 2000, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Capital Increase of
Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [2000] No. 15) (《關於核准國通證券有限責任公
司增資擴股的批覆》            （證監機構字[2000]15號）) and the permission of the Shenzhen Administration for Industry
and Commerce, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company increased its capital. With a total of RMB1.4
billion capital injection made by 12 shareholders including China Merchants Bank, the registered capital of the
Company increased to RMB2.2 billion.
     From 2000 to 2001, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company underwent various equity transfers,
and the number of its shareholders increased from 12 to 40.
     On December 26, 2001, with the approval of the Ministry of Finance of the PRC pursuant to the
Approval for the Relevant Issues on State-owned Shares Management by Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (Cai
Qi [2001] No. 723) (《關於國通證券股份有限公司（籌）國有股權管理有關問題的批覆》                                  （財企[2001]723號）), the
CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Change of Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company to a Joint
Stock Limited Company (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [2001] No. 285) (《關於同意國通證券有限責任公司改制為股份有限
公司的批覆》       （證監機構字[2001]285號）), the Municipal Government of Shenzhen pursuant to the Approval
for Shareholding Structure Reform To Establish Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (Shen Fu Gu [2001] No. 49) (《關
於整體改組設立國通證券股份有限公司的批覆》                           （ 深府股[2001]49號）), and the Shenzhen Administration for
Industry and Commerce, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company reformed its company structure and
changed its name to Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司). The 40 shareholders of Guotong
Securities Limited Liability Company, as the promoters, converted the audited net assets of Guotong Securities
Limited Liability Company as at December 31, 2000 on a 1:1 basis into the capital of the joint stock company
comprising a total of 2,400,280,638 shares, forming a registered capital of RMB2,400,280,638. The domicile
was at 8/F-11/F, Block East, Huaqiang Jiahe Building, No. 34 Shennan Central Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
the PRC.
     On June 28, 2002, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Reply on the Filing of Guotong
Securities Co., Ltd. for the Changes of Name and Business Address (Ji Gou Bu Bu Han [2002] No. 120) (《關
於國通證券股份有限公司更名、遷址有關材料備案的回函》                                   （ 機構部部函[2002]120號）) and the Shenzhen
Administration for Industry and Commerce, Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. changed its name to China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司) and the domicile was changed to 38/F-45/F, Block A,
Jiangsu Building, Yitian Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC.
      In 2006, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Reduction of Shares and Capital
Increase of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [2006] No. 179) (《關於招商證券股份有限
公司縮股並增資擴股的批覆》               （ 證監機構字[2006]179號）) and the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and
Commerce, the Company conducted share reduction and capital increase. Based on the audited net assets
as at December 31, 2005, the total share capital was reduced from 2,400,280,638 shares to 1,726,915,266
shares. Following the reduction, seven shareholders subscribed the newly issued 1.5 billion shares, which
increased the share capital and the registered capital of the Company to 3,226,915,266 shares and
RMB3,226,915,266, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

20
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      On November 17, 2009, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Initial Public
Offering of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2009] No. 1132) (《關於核准招商證券
股份有限公司首次公開發行股票的批覆》                      （ 證監許可[2009]1132號）) and the SSE pursuant to the Notice on
the Listing and Trading of RMB Ordinary Shares of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Fa Zi
[2009] No. 18) (《關於招商證券股份有限公司人民幣普通股股票上市交易的通知》                                 （上證發字[2009]18號）), the
Company launched its initial public offering of 358,546,141 A Shares on the SSE, among which 286,837,000
shares and 71,709,141 shares were subscribed and settled online and offline, respectively. With an offer
price of RMB31 per share, the Company raised a total of RMB11.115 billion and received a net proceeds of
RMB10.883 billion after deducting offering expenses of RMB232 million. Following the completion of the
offering, the total share capital of the Company increased from 3,226,915,266 shares to 3,585,461,407
shares.
     In July 2011, the Company converted its capital reserve into shares on the basis of three shares for
every ten shares, through which the total share capital of the Company increased by 1,075,638,422 shares to
4,661,099,829 shares from 3,585,461,407 shares.
     In May 2014, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Private Placement of
Shares of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2014] No. 455) (《關於核准招商證券股
份有限公司非公開發行股票的批覆》                （證監許可[2014]455號）), the Company issued 1,147,035,700 shares (A
Shares) at RMB9.72 each by way of private placement, raising a total of RMB11,149,187,004.00 and receiving
a net proceeds of RMB11,101,736,135.93 after deducting the offering expenses of RMB47,450,868.07.
The new shares were registered and deposited with the Shanghai office of the CSDC on May 27, 2014.
On October 15, 2014, the Company completed the registration for the increase of the registered capital to
RMB5,808,135,529.
      On October 7, 2016, the Company completed the public issuance of overseas-listed foreign shares (H
Shares) at an offer price of HK$12.00 per share, raising total proceeds of HK$10,695,285,600.00. After
deducting the offering expenses, the net proceeds amounted to RMB8,947,439,178.14. On the same day,
with the approval of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company issued 891,273,800 overseas-listed
foreign shares (H Shares) for the listing and trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Following the offering, the total share capital of the Company increased from 5,808,135,529 shares to
6,699,422,311 shares. Due to a change in the shareholding by Liaoneng Holdings, an original state-owned
shareholder of the Company, the deregistration for 12,982 A Shares which should have been transferred by
it has not yet completed.
      On March 27, 2017, the deregistration for 12,982 A Shares held by Liaoneng Holdings, an original state-
 owned shareholder of the Company, was completed. The total share capital of the Company was changed
 to 6,699,409,329 shares. For details, please see the Announcement on the Replenishment of State-owned
 Shares for Fulfillment of Transfer Obligation by Liaoneng Holdings, an Original State-owned Shareholder
(《關於原國有股東遼寧遼能實業有限公司補充履行國有股轉持義務的公告》) of the Company dated March 27,
 2017 published on the SSE website. On May 17, 2017, the Company completed the increase of its registered
 capital to RMB6,699,409,329.




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         21
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     In November and December 2018, the registered address and office address were changed to “No.111,
Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC (中國深圳市福田區福田街道福華一路111
號)”.
      As approved by the CSRC under Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 723 and [2019] No. 1946, the Company
successfully completed the A Share and H Share rights issue in July and August 2020, respectively. In the rights
issue, 1,702,997,123 RMB ordinary shares have been issued to the existing A Shareholders and 294,120,354
H Shares have been issued to the qualified existing H Shareholders. Upon the issuance, the total share
capital of the Company increased from 6,699,409,329 shares to 8,696,526,806 shares. The A Shares and
H Shares of the Company issued under the rights issue have been listed and traded on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 31, 2020 and August 20, 2020, respectively. The total
proceeds raised from the A Share rights issue and the H Share rights issue amounted to RMB12.704 billion
and HK$2.407 billion, respectively. The net proceeds from the rights issue after deducting issuance related
expenses amounted to RMB12.683 billion and HK$2.349 billion, respectively. In December 2020, upon
completion of registration for the change of registered capital, the Company’s share capital increased from
RMB6,699,409,329 to RMB8,696,526,806.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

22
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Audit Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ECT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Legal and Compliance Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Associated Companies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Guangdong Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Exchange Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Risk Management Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Bosera Funds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       China Merchants Fund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Commission for Discipline Inspection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Office/Supervision Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Party Committee Office

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         CMS Investment




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Risk Management Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Technological Innovation Office




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Controlled Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CMS Zhiyuan




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Nomination Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration and


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategy Committee                                                            Audit Committee


                                                                                                                                                             Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      China Merchants Futures



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Appraisal Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              General Office




                                     As at the end of the Reporting Period, our corporate organizational structure was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      CMS Asset Management


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Capital Management Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         CMS International




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Finance Department




                                                                                                                                     Shareholders’ meeting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Departments and Offices
                                                                                                                                                                                     Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Human Resources Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Development Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Shanghai Pilot Free
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Trade Zone Branch




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Innovative Development Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Guangdong Branch           International Business Department




                                                                                                                                                                                     Strategy Execution Committee   Risk Management Committee   IT Management Committee                                                        Collaborative Committee   Confidentiality Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Hubei Branch


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Technology Center
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Shandong Branch




Corporate organizational structure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Xibei Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Operation Management Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Anhui Branch



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Jiangsu Branch         Research and Development Center


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Branches                        Qingdao Branch

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Custody Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Guangxi Branch



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Shanghai Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Market Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Beijing Branch


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wealth Management and Institutional
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Shenzhen Branch                 Business Department


(II)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     259 securities branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The Investment Banking Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              23
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     Currently, the Company has 5 first-level subsidiaries, namely CMS International, China Merchants
Futures, CMS Zhiyuan, CMS Investment and CMS Asset Management.

                                                                                                  Registered    Person
                 Company                                                            Date of
        No.                                         Address                                          Capital      in        Contact number
                  Name                                                           Incorporation
                                                                                                 (RMB10,000)    charge

              CMS
       1                       48/F, One Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong     July 14, 1999          N/A    ZHAO Bin     0755-82943666
              International

                               16/F and Room 1703, 17/F, China Merchants
              China
                               Securities Building, No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road,      January 4,
       2      Merchants                                                                             359,800    LI Zongjun   0755-82943666
                               Fuan Community, Futian Street, Futian District,   1993
              Futures
                               Shenzhen

                               Unit 1501, 15/F, Building 3, Courtyard No. 1,     August 28,
       3      CMS Zhiyuan                                                                           210,000    LIU Rui      0755-82943666
                               Yuetan South Street, Xicheng District, Beijing    2009

                               Room 201, Block A, No. 1 Qianwan 1st Road,
                               Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone,      December 2,
       4      CMS Investment                                                                        710,000    ZHAO Bin     0755-82943666
                               Shenzhen (settled in Shenzhen Qianhai Business    2013
                               Secretary Company Limited)

                               Room 201, Block A, 1 Qianwan 1st Road,
              CMS Asset        Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone,                                    XIONG
       5                                                                         April 3, 2015      100,000                 0755-82943666
              Management       Shenzhen (settled in Shenzhen Qianhai Business                                  Zhigang
                               Secretary Company Limited)



     (III) The number and distribution of securities branches of the Company

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company operated 259 securities branches. The distribution
of those operating securities branches is as follow:

                                                                                                                            Number of
       Regional distribution                                                                                                 branches

       Beijing and Tianjin region                                                                                                      33

       Yangtze River Delta: Shanghai, Jiangsu and Zhejiang                                                                             50

       Guangdong Pearl River Delta                                                                                                     58

       Other cities                                                                                                                  118




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

24
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(IV) The number and distribution of other branches

As at the end of 2021, the Company had 12 branches, the basic information of which is as follows:

                                                                                                       Person-
                                                  Date of
 No.          Name of the branch                                        Place of business                in-           Contact number
                                               incorporation
                                                                                                       charge
                                                                 Suite 16F2, 16G & 16H, Times
       Shenzhen Branch of China Merchants
                                                                 Fortune Building, South Eastern     HE Jincheng
 1     Securities Co., Ltd.                   February 1, 2010                                                        0755-82922188
                                                                 Part, Central Area, Futian          (何錦成)
       (招商證券股份有限公司深圳分公司)
                                                                 District, Shenzhen
       Shanghai Branch of China Merchants                        Room 3008, Orient Building,
                                              February 12,                                           SHEN Yun
 2     Securities Co., Ltd.                                      No.1500 Century Avenue, China                        021-68407177
                                              2010                                                   (沈雲)
       (招商證券股份有限公司上海分公司)                                         (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
       Beijing Branch of China Merchants                         Unit 1501, 15/F, Building 3,
                                              February 26,                                           YAN Xiaohui
 3     Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                             Courtyard No. 1, Yuetan South                        010-65684912
                                              2010                                                   (嚴曉暉)
       限公司北京分公司)                                                 Street, Xicheng District, Beijing
       Guangxi Branch of China Merchants                         3/F, Shidailidu Mansion, No.38-
 4     Securities Co., Ltd.                   May 25, 2011       1 Jinhu Road, Xinxiu District,      HU Yi (胡毅)       0771-5596333
       (招商證券股份有限公司廣西分公司)                                         Nanning, Guangxi
       Qingdao Branch of China Merchants                         Level 2, 100 Duplex, No.17-
                                              September 1,                                           PENG Xiuling
 5     Securities Co., Ltd.                                      21 Xian Xia Ling Road, Laoshan                       0532-66889555
                                              2011                                                   (彭秀玲)
       (招商證券股份有限公司青島分公司)                                         District, Qingdao, Shandong
       Jiangsu Branch of China Merchants                         7/F, Nanjing China Merchants
                                              December 28,                                           GUO Xiaoli
 6     Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                             Bank Tower, No. 199 Lushan                           025-52868380
                                              2012                                                   (郭曉莉)
       限公司江蘇分公司)                                                 Road, Jianye District, Nanjing
                                                                 Suite 1-501 to 1-511, Hui Feng
       Anhui Branch of China Merchants                                                               YANG
                                                                 Plaza, No.118 Sui Xi Road,
 7     Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有          January 4, 2013                                        Delong           0551-65697168
                                                                 Luyang District, Hefei, Anhui
       限公司安徽分公司)                                                                                     (楊德龍)
                                                                 Province
       Shandong Branch of China Merchants                        2001-1, 17/F, Zhongrun Century
                                                                                                     LI Hongying
 8     Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有          January 9, 2013    Plaza, No. 13777 Jingshi Road,                       0531-67885777
                                                                                                     (李紅英)
       限公司山東分公司)                                                 Lixia District, Jinan
                                                                 Semiconductor Industrial Park,
       Xibei Branch of China Merchants
                                                                 No.125 Jin Ye Road, Hi-Tech         WANG Feng
 9     Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有          February 5, 2013                                                        029-38013258
                                                                 Industries Development Zone,        (王鋒)
       限公司西北分公司)
                                                                 Xi’an, Shaanxi Province
       Guangdong Branch of China
                                                                 Room 1101B, No.5 Huasui Road,       YU Jinbiao
 10    Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.         May 16, 2013                                                            020-38394801
                                                                 Tianhe District, Guangzhou          (余錦標)
       (招商證券股份有限公司廣東分公司)
       Hubei Branch of China Merchants
                                                                 No.236 Zhong Bei Road,              ZHANG Yin
 11    Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有          January 4, 2013                                                         027-86770878
                                                                 Wuchang District                    (張銀)
       限公司湖北分公司)
       Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                 Room 603, 6/F, 68 Bohang Road,      WANG
       Branch of China Merchants Securities
 12                                           January 3, 2017    China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade   Jinbao           021-23519186
       Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司上海
                                                                 Zone                                (王金寶)
       自貿試驗區分公司)




                                                                                                                   2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                     25
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VII. Other Relevant Information

                                                         Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                                       Name
                                                         Accountants LLP

                                                         30/F, Bund Center, 222 Yan An Road East,
       Domestic accounting firm        Office address
                                                         Huangpu, Shanghai, the PRC
       appointed by the Company
                                       Names of
                                       the signing       HONG Ruiming (洪銳明), ZHOU Hanlin (周瀚林)
                                       accountants

                                       Name              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

                                                         35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong
       International accounting        Office address
                                                         Kong
       firm appointed by the
       Company                         Names of
                                       the signatory     Barry MAN (文啟斯)
                                       accountants

                                       Name              CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.

                                                         CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road,
                                       Office address
                                                         Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC
       Sponsor that performed
       continuous supervision          Names of the
       duties during the Reporting     signing sponsor   ZHAO Wencong (趙文叢), WANG Chen (王琛)
       Period                          representatives

                                       Period of
                                       continuous        August 2020 to December 2021
                                       supervision

                                                         Beijing Jingtian Gongcheng Law Firm, Shenzhen
                                       Name
                                                         Office
       Domestic legal adviser
       appointed by the Company                          Unit 05-06, 16/F, China Resources Tower, No.
                                       Office address    2666 Keyuan South Road, Yuehai Street, Nanshan
                                                         District, Shenzhen, the PRC

                                       Name              Tian Yuan Law Firm LLP
       International legal adviser
       appointed by the Company                          Suites 3304-3309, 33/F, Jardine House, One
                                       Office address
                                                         Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong

                                       Name              Shanghai Branch of CSDC
       A Share Registrar                                 188 Yanggao South Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot
                                       Office address
                                                         Free Trade Zone

                                                         Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
                                       Name
                                                         Limited
       H Share Registrar
                                                         17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
                                       Office address
                                                         East, Wanchai, Hong Kong


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

26
                                 Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VIII. Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators in the Past Three Years

   (I)   Key accounting data

                                                                                 Unit: 1,000 Yuan      Currency: RMB

                                                                                    Year-on-year
                                                                                        increase/
    Key accounting data                                  2021            2020       decrease (%)               2019

    Total revenue and other income                 40,342,422      32,469,316              24.25          25,659,101

    Profit for the year attributable to
    shareholders of the Company                    11,645,065       9,491,639              22.69           7,282,381

    Profit of the period attributable to
    shareholders of the Company after
    deduction of non-recurring profit or loss      11,586,851       9,487,684              22.13           7,304,946

    Net cash from operating activities            -54,318,605     -33,343,495                  –          -1,149,490

    Other comprehensive income                       -276,368        -575,883                  –             350,269

                                                                                    Year-on-year
                                                 As at the end   As at the end          increase/      As at the end
    Key accounting data                                of 2021         of 2020      decrease (%)             of 2019

    Total assets                                  597,221,128     499,726,679              19.51         381,771,889

    Total liabilities                             484,630,677     393,901,966              23.03         296,644,038

    Equity attributable to shareholders of the
                                                  112,503,030     105,736,805               6.40          85,048,321
    Company

    Total owners’ equity                          112,590,451     105,824,713               6.39          85,127,851




                                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  27
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     (II)    Key financial indicators

                                                                                     Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                                                2019
                                                                   Year-on-year
                                                                       increase/          After         Before
       Key financial indicator              2021            2020   decrease (%)     adjustment      adjustment

       Basic earnings per share
                                             1.25           1.06           17.92            0.82           0.97
       (RMB per share)

       Diluted earnings per share
                                             1.25           1.06           17.92            0.82           0.97
       (RMB per share)

       Basic earnings per share
       after deduction of non-
                                             1.24           1.06           16.98            0.82           0.97
       recurring profit or loss (RMB
       per share

                                                                         Increase
       Weighted average return on                                         by 0.67
                                           11.52           10.85                            9.51           9.51
       net assets (%)                                                 percentage
                                                                            point

       Weighted average return on                                        Increase
       net assets after deduction                                         by 0.62
                                           11.46           10.84                            9.54           9.54
       of non-recurring profit or                                     percentage
       loss (%)                                                             point

     Note:     In July and August 2020, the Company’s A Share and H Share rights issue completed respectively.
               Pursuant to Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 – Earnings per Share and the
               Application Guidance for Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 – Earnings per Share,
               in consideration of the bonus shares involved in the rights issue, the weighted average number of
               ordinary shares outstanding for each period presented in the above table has been adjusted when
               calculating the earnings per share.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

28
                                Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     (III) Net capital and risk control indicators of the parent company

      During the Reporting Period, the net capital and all risk control indicators of the Company complied with
the requirements of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. As at the end of December 2021, the key
risk control indicators, such as net capital of the Company, were as follows:
                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                           As at the end of the            As at the end of
                              Item                            Reporting Period                     last year

      Net capital                                             72,735,158,477.64           58,654,486,820.65

      Net assets                                             103,607,681,425.67           98,287,439,443.80

      Sum of risk capital provisions                          27,379,486,801.43           25,957,355,586.03

      Total assets on- and off-balance sheet                 344,980,694,933.99          283,672,225,304.43

      Risk coverage ratio (%)                                              265.66                     225.96

      Capital leverage ratio (%)                                            15.24                      17.38

      Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                         294.70                     278.45

      Net stable funding ratio (%)                                         139.36                     144.18

      Net capital/net assets (%)                                            70.20                      59.68

      Net capital/liabilities (%)                                           20.10                      20.28

      Net assets/liabilities (%)                                            28.63                      33.98

      Value of proprietary equity securities and
      security derivatives/net capital (%)                                  22.15                      31.69

      Value of proprietary non-equity securities and its
      derivatives/net capital (%)                                          318.59                     319.68




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           29
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     (IV) Key financial data for the past five years

1.   Earnings

                                                                             Unit: Million Yuan    Currency: RMB

       Item                                   2021           2020           2019           2018           2017

       Total revenue, other income
       and gains                             40,342         32,469         25,659         18,070         19,259

       Total expenses                        28,239         22,203         17,767         13,540         12,998

       Profit before income tax              13,704         11,309          8,774          5,447          7,107

       Profit for the year
       attributable to shareholders
       of the Company                        11,645          9,492          7,282          4,425          5,786



2.   Assets

                                                                             Unit: Million Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                       December 31,   December 31,   December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
       Item                                   2021           2020           2019           2018           2017

       Total assets                        597,221        499,727        381,772        304,931        285,644

       Total liabilities                   484,631        393,902        296,644        224,138        206,310

       Accounts payable to
       brokerage clients                     99,605         85,441         61,724         48,912         51,095

       Equity attributable to
       shareholders of the
       Company                             112,503        105,737          85,048         80,723         79,230

       Share capital                          8,697          8,697          6,699          6,699          6,699




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

30
                                 Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



3.   Key financial indicators


      Item                                 2021           2020            2019            2018            2017

      Basic earnings per share
      (RMB)                                1.25            1.06            0.82            0.46           0.66

      Diluted earnings per share
      (RMB)                                1.25            1.06            0.82            0.46           0.66

      Weighted average return on
      net assets (%)                      11.52           10.85            9.51            5.58           8.39

      Gearing ratio (%)                   77.37           74.46           73.40          68.44           66.18

     Note 1: Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – Accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(Total assets – Accounts
             payable to brokerage clients)


     Note 2: In July and August 2020, the Company completed the A Share and H Share rights issue respectively.
             Pursuant to Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 – Earnings per Share and the
             Application Guidance for Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 – Earnings per Share,
             in consideration of the bonus shares involved in the rights issue, the weighted average number of
             ordinary shares outstanding for each period (including prior years) presented in the above table has
             been adjusted when calculating the earnings per share. The basic earnings per share prior to the
             adjustment for 2017 to 2019 was RMB0.78, RMB0.54 and RMB0.97 per share, respectively, and the
             diluted earnings per share prior to the adjustment for 2017 to 2019 was RMB0.78, RMB0.54 and
             RMB0.97 per share, respectively.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                             31
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors


I.   Discussion and Analysis of Operations

     In 2021, as the COVID-19 pandemic continued to spread around the world, the momentum for global
economic recovery weakened. China has scientifically coordinated pandemic prevention and control as well
as economic and social development. There was continuous recovery in its national economy, together with
continuous enhancement of development resilience. Its economy operated stably as a whole, and its annual
GDP increased by 8.1% year-on-year, achieving a good start for the “14th Five-Year Plan”. Along with the
continuous deepening of reform and innovation of China’s capital market, the amount of equity financing,
amount of bond financing, trading volume of stocks and funds in the secondary market and balance of margin
financing and securities lending all showed a favorable growth trend and hit a record high. While the A share
market performed structurally, the securities industry maintained growth in terms of operating results, with a
steady increase in assets and profitability.
      In 2021, the Company unswervingly implemented the new development philosophy and served the
creation of a new development dynamic, aiming at achieving high-quality development and yielding excellent
results, to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Company’s founding and make a successful start for the
development of the “14th Five-Year Plan”. First, the Company’s operating results hit a record high. During the
year, total revenue, other income and gains of the Company amounted to RMB40.342 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 24.25%, and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to
RMB11.645 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.69%. Weighted average return on net assets
was 11.52%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.67 percentage point. Second, the Company achieved
remarkable results in the transformation to the “client-oriented” business model. The Company further
promoted SOE reforms such as the “Double Hundred Action” (雙百行動) and “Open Competition” (揭榜掛
帥) Mechanism, and achieved significant breakthroughs in key reforms such as the mechanism establishment
of “staff can get in and out; cadre can go up and down; salary can be high and low”, the transformation
of core businesses, the integrated operation of domestic and overseas businesses, the construction of the
coordination mechanism, and digital development. Third, the Company maintained a stable operation under
the complex operating environment. The Company has formulated comprehensive plans for pandemic
prevention and control and safe operation, and made forward-looking research and judgment to deal with
operational risks in specific fields. The Company has been granted the AA rating for securities firms for 14
consecutive years, and was among the first batch of securities firms included in the “White List” (白名單) of
the CSRC.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

32
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



II.   Industry Condition of the Company during the Reporting Period

     In 2021, China’s capital market continuously advanced the comprehensive and in-depth reform
focusing on the registration-based IPO system. There was steady progress in marketization, legalization
and internationalization, further improvement in the multi-tier capital market system, as well as further
optimization and better operating environment in the fundamental market system.
      During the Reporting Period, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party
of China and the General Office of the State Council issued the “Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on
Illegal Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law” (《關於依法從嚴打擊證券違法活動的意見》), which
provided guidance for accelerating the construction of a more mature and well-defined capital market
fundamental institutional system, effectively increasing the cost of illegal activities, and resolutely maintaining
the order of the capital market and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of investors. The CSRC
issued the “Guiding Opinions on Urging Securities Firms Carrying Out Investment Banking Business to
Conscientiously Fulfill Duties under the Registration-based IPO System” (《關於註冊制下督促證券公司從事投
行業務歸位盡責的指導意見》), which strengthened the supervision of investment banking business under the
registration-based IPO system, urged securities firms to conscientiously fulfill their duties, enhanced the role
of intermediaries as “gatekeepers”, and consolidated the quality-focused practice constraints of investment
banks. Since October 30, 2021, the CSRC has successively issued relevant rules and normative documents for
the Beijing Stock Exchange, and the Beijing Stock Exchange has issued a number of self-disciplinary rules, so
as to jointly construct a system of rules and regulations in line with the characteristics and growth stages of
innovative small and medium-sized enterprises, laying a solid foundation for the smooth opening and stable
operation of the Beijing Stock Exchange.
     During the Reporting Period, the average daily trading volume of stocks and funds in the SSE and SZSE
amounted to RMB1,102.932 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.66%. The average daily
trading volume in the Hong Kong market amounted to HK$166.730 billion, representing a year-on-year
increase of 28.77%. The SSE Composite Index rose by 4.8%; the SZSE Component Index rose by 2.7%; the
CSI 300 Index fell by 5.20%; the ChiNext Index rose by 12.02%; the Hang Seng Index fell by 14%; and the
ChinaBond Composite Total Return Index rose by 5.09%.
      According to the statistics from the Securities Association of China, in 2021, the total revenue of the
securities industry amounted to RMB499.987 billion (unaudited, same for below), representing a year-on-
year increase of 11.49%. Net profit amounted to RMB190.608 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
of 21%. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets of the securities industry amounted to
RMB10.56 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.67%. Net assets amounted to RMB2.55 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 10.71%. Net capital amounted to RMB1.98 trillion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 9.89%.




                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               33
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



III. Business of the Company during the Reporting Period

      Operating with a client-oriented approach, the Company offers diverse and comprehensive financial
products and services to individual, institutional and corporate clients, and engages in investment and trading.
Its principal business lines comprise the following:
      Wealth management and institutional business: the Company trades stocks, funds, bonds, futures and
other derivatives on behalf of its clients and provides them with other value-added services such as investment
consultancy, investment portfolio recommendation, sales of products and assets allocation in return for fees
and commissions. The Company also provides capital-based intermediary services (including margin financing
and securities lending, stock pledge repo as well as stock repurchase transactions) to clients and earns interest
income. In addition, the Company provides investment research, sales and trading, prime brokerage and other
services for a variety of institutional clients such as mutual funds and private funds in order to gain fees and
commissions.
      Investment banking: the Company provides one-stop domestic and international investment banking
services to its corporate clients, including domestic and international equity financing, debt financing,
structured financing, NEEQ listing, financial advisory and other services. In return, it earns underwriting and
sponsorship fees and financial advisory fees.
     Investment management: the Company provides investment management services, including collective
asset management, separately managed account, specialized asset management and equity investment fund
management, and earns management fees and performance fees.
      Investment and trading: the Company engages in proprietary trading and market making business
in relation to equity and fixed-income securities, commodities, foreign exchange, alternative investment
and other derivatives including OTC financial products to earn investment income. It also adopts advanced
investment and trading strategies and techniques for mitigating investment risks and boosting returns.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

34
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



IV. Analysis of Core Competitiveness during the Reporting Period

      The Company, under the control of China Merchants Group, is the largest securities firm of the SASAC.
Over years of development, the Company has built up significant competitive advantages. First, the Company
adheres to the concept of stable operations. It has been granted the highest “AA” rating for securities firms
for 14 consecutive years, and was among the first batch of securities firms included in the “White List” (白
名單) of the CSRC, which represents a strong pillar for the Company to rely on when seeking policy support,
seizing significant opportunities for new pilot projects, making responses to the volatile capital market and
facing intense peer competition in the future. Second, the service capability with a full-service platform that
covers a whole industrial chain, a balanced business structure and a solid development foundation will help
the Company develop the business with its own features, differentiate its edges and facilitate the provision
of one-stop services to clients in the future, thereby paving a sound foundation for development. Third,
the wealth management business has a solid foundation with increasingly strengthened competitiveness. It
has outstanding capability in providing comprehensive services to institutional clients and maintains stable
performance in respect of providing whole industry chain services to corporate clients, and has competitive
advantages in certain business areas. Fourth, the Company enjoys the strong brand name of “China
Merchants” and its shareholders background as well as good reputation in the market.
      During the Reporting Period, according to the statistics from the Securities Association of China and the
Asset Management Association of China, in terms of net income from agency trading of securities (including
leasing of trading seats), net income from agency sale of financial products, interest income from margin
financing and securities lending, interest income from stock pledge, net income from investment banking, net
income from asset management, amount of assets under management, average monthly active private AUM
and number of private funds under custody, the Company ranked 3rd, 5th, 6th, 5th, 7th, 8th, 5th, 4th and
1st, respectively. According to the statistics from Wind, in terms of number of mutual funds under custody,
the Company ranked 1st, and in terms of amount of equity lead underwriting (excluding share issuance for
asset acquisition) and bond lead underwriting, the Company ranked 7th and 7th, respectively.




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           35
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



V. Operations of Principal Businesses during the Reporting Period

(I)   Analysis of principal businesses

     The Company’s business is principally divided into four segments: wealth management and institutional
business, investment banking, investment management as well as investment and trading.


1.    Wealth management and institutional business

     The wealth management and institutional business of the Company mainly includes brokerage and
wealth management, capital-based intermediary business and institutional client integrated services.
     In China, along with the rapid growth of residents’ wealth and the implementation of the policy
guideline of “housing is for living in, not for speculation”, residents have increasingly urgent demand for
optimizing asset allocation. Meanwhile, as affected by the new regulations on asset management, there was
continuous standardization in channel business and significant increase in residents’ demand for financial and
wealth management, creating broad development potentials for the wealth management business of brokers.
In 2021, the Company maintained solid advantages in its wealth management and institutional business, and
ranked 3rd in the industry in terms of net income from agency trading (including leasing of trading seats).


(1)   Brokerage and wealth management

     In 2021, the one-way trading volume of stocks and funds in the A share market amounted to
RMB268.01 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.66%. The average net commission rate of the
industry decreased by 7.88% year-on-year to 0.249‰, which showed a continuous downward trend over the
past years. The one-way trading volume of stocks in the Hong Kong market amounted to HK$37.14 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 24.70%.
       During the Reporting Period, through online and offline channel marketing, the Company innovated its
marketing and service models, hitting a record high in terms of number of new accounts opened during the
year, with a year-on-year increase of 81.77%. As at the end of 2021, the number of clients of the Company
amounted to approximately 14.79 million, and the size of clients’ asset under custody amounted to RMB4.45
trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.07% and 16.51%, respectively.
       The Company operated with clients as the focus, strengthened the transformation to wealth
management, and actively built the differentiated core advantages of wealth management with the features
of brokers. Leveraging the research advantages of brokers, the Company continued to establish the high-
performance product pool of “private fund 50” and “selected mutual fund”. The Company actively expanded
the scale of its wealth management advisory team, improved professional capabilities, strengthened trainings,
established a tiered investment advisory service system and strengthened buy-side investment advisory service
capabilities to build a professional team that meets the demand of different clients. The Company launched
the brand of “Zhiyuan Private Banking” (智遠私行) to provide asset allocation, exclusive customization and
family trust services for high-net-worth clients. As at the end of 2021, the number of wealth management
clients amounted to 563.5 thousand and the asset size of wealth management clients amounted to RMB1.67
trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.12% and 21.90%, respectively. The number of high-net-
worth clients amounted to 30.6 thousand, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.97%. In 2021, the
Company obtained the pilot qualification for conducting fund investment advisory business, and launched the
“eZhaotou” (e招投) fund investment advisory brand in November, with a contracted amount of approximately
RMB2.4 billion as at the end of the year.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

36
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     In 2021, the net income from and ranking of agency sale of financial products both reached a record
high. According to the statistics from the Securities Association of China, the Company’s net income (of the
parent company) from agency sale of financial products ranked 5th in the industry, up by two places year-
on-year. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the amount of financial products of clients increased by
17.89% year-on-year. According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China, in the
fourth quarter, clients’s amount of stock plus hybrid mutual funds and non-monetary mutual funds under the
Company’s custody amounted to RMB49.8 billion and RMB53.1 billion, respectively, both ranking 5th among
brokers.
      The Company continued to strengthen the features of digital development and actively developed
private domain traffic operations. Through connecting the “CMS wealth management +” (招商證券財富+)
WeChat Mini Program, the corporate WeChat account and the China Merchants Securities App, the Company
built a WeChat social service ecosystem to facilitate the transformation to wealth management. In 2021, the
Company served over 2.9 million users through the WeChat social service ecosystem. The Company’s number
of monthly active users (MAU) on the App increased by 15.45% year-on-year, ranking top five among large-
scale brokers.

                                                                                                  Year-on-year
      Operating indicators                                   2021                  2020
                                                                                                       change
      Trading volume of stocks and funds in
      the A share market (RMB trillion)                      26.27                18.26                 43.87%
      (Note 1)
      Market share of trading volume of                                                       Increased by 0.65
                                                            4.90%                4.25%
      stocks and funds in the A share market                                                   percentage point
      Market share of net income from agency                                                 Decreased by 0.05
                                                            4.80%                4.85%
      securities trading                                                                      percentage point
      Number of wealth management advisors                   1,208                1,002                 20.56%
      Net income from agency sale of financial
                                                             10.06                 6.27                 60.45%
      products (RMB100 million) (Note 2)
      Number of wealth management clients
                                                             56.35                45.40                 24.12%
      (10 thousand) (Note 3)
      Assets of wealth management clients
                                                              1.67                 1.37                 21.90%
      (RMB trillion)
      Number of high-net-worth clients (10
                                                              3.06                 2.41                 26.97%
      thousand) (Note 4)

     Source: SSE, SZSE, Securities Association of China, internal statistics of the Company
     Notes:   1.   Trading volume of stocks and funds of the Company represents two-way trading volume;
              2.   The amount of net income from agency sale of financial products is derived from the statistical
                   data of the Securities Association of China;
              3.   Wealth management clients refer to individual clients with assets under the Company’s custody
                   amounting to RMB300,000 and above;
              4.   High-net-worth clients refer to clients with assets under the Company’s custody amounting
                   over RMB8 million.
      For stock options brokerage business, the Company continued to strengthen business promotion and
client expansion, and further optimized system and risk management. According to the public information of
the SSE, as at the end of December, the Company’s market share in terms of total number of stock options
clients was 8.73%, ranking 1st in the industry for four consecutive years. During the Reporting Period, the
Company ranked 5th among brokers in terms of total trading volume.


                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              37
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      For futures brokerage business, in 2021, there was increased volatility in commodity prices, continuous
advancement in innovation of futures varieties, and further improvement in the system of futures options
products. The cumulative trading volume and turnover of China’s futures market amounted to 7.514 billion
lots and RMB581.20 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.13% and 32.84%, respectively.
As at the end of the year, clients’ equity in the market amounted to RMB1.18 trillion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 43.65%. China Merchants Futures caught the surge of market institutionalization and
strengthened institutional team building. Its clients’ equity and net fee income increased by 60% and 87.25%
year-on-year, respectively.
     For the overseas market, CMS International actively expanded its sales force and deepened business
synergy. The number of trading accounts increased by 15.20% year-on-year, and clients’ asset size under
custody amounted to HK$237.061 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.26%. Its trading volume
amounted to HK$296.905 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 54.87%, with its ranking hitting a
new high over the past seven years.


(2)   Capital-based intermediary business

     The Company’s capital-based intermediary services mainly include margin financing and securities
lending as well as stock pledge repo businesses.
       In 2021, the margin financing and securities lending business in the A share market developed steadily.
As at the end of December, the balance of margin financing and securities lending amounted to RMB1.83
trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.17%. Of which, the balance of margin financing amounted
to RMB1.71 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.52%. The securities lending business was
adversely affected by the decline in demand. As at the end of December, the market size amounted to
RMB120.14 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.3%. For the stock pledge repo business, the
brokers continued to standardize business development and improve risk management measures. As at the
end of December, the balance of stock pledge repo amounted to RMB227.015 billion, representing a year-on-
year decrease of 24.56%.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company closely followed the market and met clients’ demand, actively
carried out product and service innovation, vigorously expanded securities sourcing, and tapped new growth
potentials for businesses. Meanwhile, the Company continued to implement the counter-cyclical adjustment
mechanism of the policy for capital-based intermediary business, improve the stress testing and early warning
mechanism, and prudently control risks.
      As at the end of 2021, the balance of the Company’s margin financing and securities lending amounted
to RMB96.468 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.04%. Of which, the Company ranked 4th in
the industry in terms of the balance of margin financing. The maintenance coverage ratio was 312.02%. The
balance of stock pledge repo (including contribution from asset management plans) amounted to RMB22.310
billion, and the collateral coverage ratio was 287.48%. Of which, the contribution from self-owned capital
amounted to RMB14.222 billion, ranking 5th in the industry, and the collateral coverage ratio was 350.02%.
The Company ranked 5th in the industry in terms of interest income from capital-based intermediary business
in the A share market, up by one place year-on-year.
      For the overseas market, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin trading of CMS
International amounted to HK$4.97 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.20%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

38
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                     As at the end       As at the end         Year-on-year
       Operating indicators
                                                           of 2021             of 2020              change

       Balance of margin financing and
                                                           964.68               831.36               16.04%
       securities lending (RMB100 million)

       Of which: Balance of securities lending
                                                             29.71               62.13              -52.18%
       (RMB100 million)

       Balance of stock pledge repo (including
       contribution from asset management                  223.10               304.20              -26.66%
       plans) (RMB100 million)

       Balance of stock pledge repo by self-
                                                           142.22               201.15              -29.30%
       owned capital (RMB100 million)

      Source: internal statistics of the Company


(3)   Institutional client integrated services

      The Company is committed to providing a package of comprehensive financial services such as research,
trading services, agency sale, custody and outsourcing, OTC derivatives, passive investment, market making,
refinancing, block trading and sale of investment banking products for professional financial institutional
investors such as mutual funds, insurance asset management companies and private funds.
①     Institutional integrated services
      In 2021, the institutionalization of the capital market continued to accelerate. The total size of mutual
funds exceeded RMB25 trillion, and grew at a CAGR of 25.2% from 2018 to 2021. The Company tapped the
demand of institutional clients, improved featured and comprehensive services, and achieved breakthroughs
in marketing for key clients. In 2021, net income from leasing of trading seats increased by 30.2% year-on-
year, with a market share of 4.54%. In addition, the Company actively pushed forward the introduction of
products under settlement model of brokerage firms. During the year, the amount of new products under
settlement model of brokerage firms amounted to RMB3.535 billion, and the Company has established
business cooperation with 20 wealth management subsidiaries of banks.
      For prime brokerage business, the Company actively tapped the comprehensive value of institutional
clients, and continued to maintain the industry-leading advantages in trading performance and service
standard. The Company continued to promote the construction of the prime brokerage business system
and optimize the institutional business marketing service system. The Company strengthened the use
of technologies, accelerated the digital construction of institutional business, upgraded the institutional
marketing service platform, optimized the middle platform of capital referral products, created the
“Institution +” service system and launched the “Institution +” WeChat Mini Program, so as to effectively
improve institutional client marketing service capabilities and client satisfaction. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, the Company’s trading assets under private funds amounted to RMB329.6 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 57.39%. The trading volume of stocks and funds of private fund
clients increased by 167.98% year-on-year, and the trading service coverage ratio of key private fund clients
with asset size over RMB5 billion reached 80%.




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           39
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



②    Research
     The Company’s domestic stock research covered 1,514 listed companies in 17 industry sectors and 71
categories on the CSRC, covering 87% of the total market capitalization of CSI 300 Index constituent stocks
and 86% of the total market capitalization of ChiNext Index constituent stocks. The research coverage of
stocks on the STAR Market and the Beijing Stock Exchange also increased. The Company’s overseas stock
research covered 117 listed companies in 16 industries including overseas macro strategy. The Company takes
the leading positions in the research of a wide variety of sectors, including quantitative trading and fund
evaluation, electronics, media, strategy, electric devices and new energy, fixed-income, food and beverage,
macro-economy, finance, communications, real estates and automobiles industries.
      The Company’s research business focused on building advantageous sectors and featured brands,
actively promoted the digital transformation of research business, and enhanced the comprehensive services
to core clients such as mutual funds, insurance asset management and private funds. In 2021, the Company
released a total of 5,631 research reports, organized 28,274 research roadshows, held four large-scale offline
strategy meetings and themed salon meetings, and held 1,349 online meetings. The Company increased
research efforts on hot topics such as REITs, carbon neutrality, commodities, ESG investment and TMT, and
released several influential research results. The Company continued to promote the in-depth integration of
research and businesses, strengthen think-tank and industry-based research service functions, and provide
research-driven and in-depth support for the Company’s strategic decision-making and the development of
key businesses such as wealth management and investment banking.
     In 2021, the Company won the “Most Influential Research Institution” (最具影響力研究機構) award in
the 19th New Fortune Best Analyst Awards, and the “Most Popular and Influential Research Institution” (最具
人氣和影響力研究機構) award in the 12th China Securities Industry Analyst Golden Bull Awards.
③    Custody and outsourcing
     2021 was the last year of the transition period for the new regulations on asset management. There was
acceleration in the transformation of standardized products of bank wealth management, trust companies
and third-party wealth management companies. Meanwhile, the two-way opening-up of the financial
industry provided greater development potentials for the custody and outsourcing business. As at the end
of 2021, the AUM of private funds and mutual funds amounted to RMB19.76 trillion and RMB25.56 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 23.73% and 28.51%, respectively.
     During the Reporting Period, the market competition in the custody and outsourcing industry intensified,
and the Company’s custody and outsourcing business actively explored new forms of business, new products
and new services, continuously consolidating its industry leading position. The Company actively promoted
the China Merchants Securities Private Fund Index (CMSFI), the first private fund index in the market, striving
to become an industry benchmark. Benchmarking the international fund service industry, the Company
became the first broker in the market to sign an outsourcing services contract with foreign mutual fund
companies. As at the end of 2021, the number and value of custody and outsourcing products of the
Company amounted to 35.4 thousand and RMB3.60 trillion, increased by 34.74% and 25.55% year-on-year,
respectively. According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China and Wind, the
Company’s market share in terms of the number of private fund products under custody reached 23.17%,
and ranked 1st among brokers for eight consecutive years in terms of the number of private fund products
under custody and the number of mutual fund products under custody. The Company has been named as the
“Best Private Fund Custody Broker” (最佳私募託管券商) by China Fund News for five consecutive years.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

40
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



2.    Investment banking business

    The investment banking business of the Company includes equity underwriting and sponsorship, bond
underwriting and financial advisory businesses.
     In 2021, the Company established the Investment Banking Committee. Based on the mission of “China
Merchants Securities can serve the nation’s needs”, the Company actively served the national strategy, and
continued to promote the implementation of reform measures for investment banking business. The Company
further promoted the construction of a modern investment bank, strengthened the quality control of
investment banking business, focused on the semiconductors, medical, “emission peak and carbon neutrality”
and other industries as well as the East China and Central China regions, and strengthened professional
competence and regional advantages. The Company also further promoted the set-up of corporate client
manager system, so as to meet the all-round business service demand of clients.


(1)   Equity underwriting

     In 2021, along with the continuous advancement of the reform of registration-based IPO system in the
capital market and the official opening of the Beijing Stock Exchange, trading in the A share equity financing
market was active, with both the number of IPOs and the amount of proceeds raised reaching record highs.
According to the statistics from Wind (using issue date as statistics caliber, same for below), the total amount
of equity financing in the A share market (excluding share issuance for asset acquisition, same for below) was
RMB1,596.040 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.70%. A total of 520 IPOs were completed
with raised proceeds of RMB603.001 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.38% and 24.65%,
respectively. Of which, 403 IPOs were completed in the STAR Market, ChiNext Board and Beijing Stock
Exchange with raised proceeds of RMB368.112 billion, accounting for 61.05% of the total amount of IPOs in
the A share market. The proceeds raised from refinancing amounted to RMB993.039 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 10.86%.
      The Hong Kong IPO market has slowed down since the second quarter. However, benefiting from events
such as U.S.-listed Chinese companies returning to Hong Kong and the frequent listing activities of biotech
and new economy companies, the Hong Kong market maintained a high level of capital raised compared with
its records historically. According to the statistics from Bloomberg, in 2021, a total of 96 IPOs were completed
in the Hong Kong market with raised proceeds of US$42.804 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
33.79% and 17.10%, respectively. Meanwhile, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange introduced the SPAC (Special
Purpose Acquisition Company) listing regime, which will continue to attract issuers and investors from China
and around the world.
      According to the statistics from Wind, the Company ranked 7th and 8th in the industry in terms of the
amount and number of A share projects underwritten, respectively. Of which, the Company ranked 7th and
8th in terms of the amount and number of IPO projects underwritten, and ranked 9th in terms of the amount
and number of refinancing projects underwritten. According to the statistics from Bloomberg, in the overseas
market, the Company completed a total of 14 IPO projects in the Hong Kong market, with an underwritten
amount of US$750 million, ranking 5th among Chinese brokers. Moreover, the Company also completed 3
U.S. IPO/SPAC projects, with a financing amount of US$678 million.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            41
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      In 2021, the Company completed a number of market influential projects, including the return of China
Mobile and China Telecom to the A share market, the A share listing projects of Bank of Chongqing (the first
“A+H” city commercial bank in the western region), Dongrui Food Group (a national key leading enterprise
in the agricultural industry) and Zhuhai CosMX, Homelink Eco-iTech and ZEHO Eco (leading enterprises in
the fields of “carbon neutrality” and new energy), the Hong Kong listing projects of JD Logistics, Linklogis
and Dongguan Rural Commercial Bank (among the top 10 largest Hong Kong IPO projects), SenseTime (the
largest artificial intelligence software company in Asia), Sirnaomics (the first clinical-stage RNA therapeutics
biopharmaceutical company listed on the Hong Kong market), ANE (the first express courier listed on the
Hong Kong market) and Strawbear Entertainment Group (a leading entertainment content production
company), and the U.S. listing projects of Waterdrop Inc. and Missfresh Limited (new economy companies).
The Company also completed large-scale refinancing projects such as the issuance of convertible bonds of
New Hope Liuhe and Bank of Suzhou, and assisted Qilu Huaxin to become one of the first batch of companies
listed on the Beijing Stock Exchange. During the Reporting Period, the Company was awarded various awards
such as the “Best Investment Bank in China” (本土最佳投行) in the 14th New Fortune Awards and the
“Junding Award for All-round Investment Bank in China in 2021” (2021中國證券業全能投行君鼎獎) by the
Securities Times and so on.
     According to the statistics from the CSRC, SSE and SZSE, as at the end of the Reporting Period, 21
A share IPO projects underwritten by the Company were pending approval or to be offered or registered.
Of which, 11 Main Board IPO projects were pending approval, ranking 4th in the industry. The Company
continued to optimize and improve the “Gazelle Incubator Project” (羚躍計劃), broadened the industrial
track of enterprises selected into the database, and continuously enriched the high-quality project reserve of
investment banking. As at the end of 2021, 254 companies have been selected into the “Gazelle Incubator
Project” company database. Of which, Primarius Technologies (the first IPO project among such companies)
has been listed on the STAR Market, becoming the first listed company in the field of EDA1.

                                            2021                               2020

                                      Lead                            Lead
                              underwriting                    underwriting
                                   amount                          amount                            Year-on-year
                                 (RMB100           Number of     (RMB100              Number of       change in
       A share projects            million)          projects      million)             projects       amount

       IPOs                            219.57               23           143.86                 18          52.63%

       Refinancing                     210.03               20           397.52                 23         -47.16%

       Total                           429.60               43           541.38                 41         -20.65%

     Source: Statistics from Wind, using issue date as statistics caliber.
     Note:     Refinancing excludes share issuance for asset acquisition. IPOs include listing projects on the Beijing
               Stock Exchange.




1
     Electronic Design Automation.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

42
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Bond underwriting

      In 2021, China’s monetary policy remained flexible and targeted and at a reasonable and appropriate
level, with reasonably ample liquidity being maintained. Bond market yields showed a fluctuating downward
trend as a whole, and the amount of financing grew steadily. During the Reporting Period, the total domestic
bonds (excluding central bank bills and interbank deposit certificates) issued amounted to RMB39.61 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 5.42%. Of which, the total credit bonds (excluding treasury bonds,
local government bonds, central bank bills, interbank deposit certificates and policy bank bonds, same for
below) issued amounted to RMB19.78 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.13%. The Chinese
offshore bond market experienced violent fluctuations. In the first ten months, due to the frequent occurrence
of credit risk events and the tightening of real estate regulations, the yield rose sharply. Later, due to the
marginal improvement of real estate policy, the yield gradually resumed to a steady path. In 2021, the Chinese
offshore bonds (excluding RMB bonds) issued amounted to US$172.663 billion, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 13.94%.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company strengthened the key regional planning, optimized the
client structure, continued to consolidate its leading advantages in credit ABS business, while also actively
developed the infrastructure public offering REITs and green bond businesses. According to the statistics
from Wind, in 2021, the domestic bonds (including bonds issued as a principal) lead underwritten by the
Company amounted to RMB489.538 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.81%, ranking 7th in
the industry. Of which, the Company ranked 6th in terms of the amount of credit bonds underwritten, 5th in
terms of the amount of financial bonds and ABS underwritten, and 1st for seven consecutive years in terms
of the amount underwritten in the credit asset securitization business. Benefiting from the synergy between
the domestic and overseas investment banking businesses, according to the statistics from Bloomberg, the
Company completed a total of 29 overseas bonds issuance projects with US$757 million underwritten,
representing a year-on-year increase of 98.17%. In terms of the amount of Chinese offshore bonds (excluding
RMB bonds) underwritten, the Company ranked 12th among Chinese brokers.
      In 2021, the Company completed a number of market influential projects, including assisting China
Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. to issue the first batch of infrastructure public offering
REITs in the domestic market; assisting Zhongguancun Development Group Co., Ltd. to issue the first batch
of technological innovation corporate bonds in the market; assisting Guoren Property and Casualty Insurance
to issue the dual-currency overseas bonds, including a USD bond and a CNH bond (being the first insurance
company in China to do so); and assisting the Shenzhen Municipal Government to issue the first local
government offshore RMB bonds. The Company also assisted China Merchants Bank, Industrial Bank, Datang
Power, the Export-Import Bank of China and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China to issue a number
of domestic and overseas green bonds, raising over RMB30 billion of proceeds. During the Reporting Period,
the Company won various awards, such as the “Excellent Bond Underwriting Agency in 2021” (優秀債券承銷
機構) awarded by China Government Securities Depository Trust & Clearing Co., Ltd and other awards.




                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          43
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                             2021                             2020

                                      Lead                             Lead
                              underwriting                     underwriting
                                   amount           Number of       amount           Number of    Year-on-year
                                 (RMB100              issuance    (RMB100              issuance      change in
        Domestic bonds             million)          (tranche)      million)          (tranche)        amount

       Enterprise bonds                    4.50             1             6.25               2        -28.00%

       Corporate bonds                  491.32            143          487.95              114          0.69%

       Financial bonds                 2,265.23           156        1,369.93               75         65.35%

       Short-term
       financing bonds                  110.25             31            80.30              22         37.30%

       Medium-term
       notes                            179.89             49          170.14               39          5.73%

       Private placement
       notes                            145.52             51          133.67               31          8.87%

       Exchangeable
       bonds                               0.00             0            41.04               5       -100.00%

       Asset-backed
       securities                      1,696.17           487        1,754.42              440         -3.32%

       Others                              2.50             3            76.70             509        -96.74%

       Total                           4,895.38           921        4,120.39             1,237        18.81%

      Source: Statistics from Wind, using issue date as statistics caliber.
      Note:     Bond underwriting includes bonds issued as a principal. “Others” include local government bonds,
                international agency bonds, government-backed agency bonds, standardized notes and project
                revenue notes.


(3)   Financial advisory

     In 2021, the global economy continued to recover. Benefiting from low financing costs, abundant
market liquidity and strong momentum for growth of corporate earnings, global M&A transactions remained
active. According to the statistics from Bloomberg, in 2021, the total value of global M&A transactions
amounted to approximately US$5.8 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 64%. The activity of the A
share M&A market also recovered. According to the statistics from Wind, in 2021, the number of announced
transactions in the Chinese M&A market (excluding overseas M&A) was 9,132 and the transaction value
amounted to RMB2.68 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.25%. However, as affected by the
previous downturn in the M&A market, the number of completed transactions was 5,035 and the transaction
value amounted to RMB1.14 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 23.55%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

44
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      During the Reporting Period, the Company closely focused on the opportunities arising from economic
restructuring and upgrade as well as SOE reform, fully leveraged its role as a professional support platform for
the capital operation of China Merchants Group, actively promoted China Merchants Group’s collaboration
projects between industrial and financial companies and collaboration projects among financial companies,
and deepened its close cooperation with strategic clients from large-scale central enterprises and SOEs.
According to the statistics from Wind, during the Reporting Period, the Company completed five M&A
projects in the A share market, with a transaction value of RMB22.607 billion, ranking 10th in the industry.
The Company also completed two overseas M&A projects, with a transaction value of US$280 million. Of
which, the share swap absorption merger project of Dalian Port (PDA) Company Limited and Yingkou Port
Liability Co., Ltd. was the first case in the port industry, and COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. became
the world’s second largest container manufacturer upon issuing shares for the purchase of assets and raising
proceeds.


3.    Investment management

     The Company engages in securities asset management business and private equity fund investment
business through its subsidiaries, namely CMS Asset Management Co., Ltd. and CMS Zhiyuan Capital
Investment Co., Ltd. The Company engages in mutual fund management business through its associates,
namely Bosera Funds and China Merchants Fund.


(1)   Asset management business of securities companies

     In 2021, the rectification of the asset management industry was coming to an end. For asset
management business of securities companies, there was acceleration in the transformation to mutual funds,
improvement in active management capabilities and continuous magnification of the Matthew effect. As
at the end of 2021, the total AUM of securities companies amounted to RMB10.81 trillion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 3.70%. The net income of security asset management companies amounted to
RMB31.621 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.55%.
      During the Reporting Period, CMS Asset Management made every effort to promote the building
of active management capabilities, actively facilitated the transformation of massive collective asset
management to mutual funds, and enhanced mutual and private fund product lines. It intensified the
rectification of channel business, successfully completed the rectification of asset management business on
schedule, overcame the impact of the decline in channel business, and expanded active AUM. As at the end
of 2021, active AUM (excluding special asset management) amounted to RMB346.413 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 29.72% and accounted for 82.87% of total AUM and increased by 26.99 percentage
points compared with last year. It vigorously expanded financial institutional and corporate institutional
clients, launched diversified and customized product solutions, and consolidated the advantages of the
institutional business. It accelerated the collaboration with China Merchants Securities’ wealth management
business, integrated advantageous resources, and issued the “China Merchants Securities Private Fund 50
Index enhanced FOF series products” and a product linked to the China Merchants Securities Private Fund
Index, providing clients with one-stop low-cost private fund allocation services and enhancing the stickiness
of corporate wealth management clients and high-net-worth clients. In addition, CMS Asset Management
continuously optimized and improved its investment and research capabilities in terms of talents, mechanism
and system, and built an investment and research framework system focusing on the Investment Decision-
making Committee, covering major categories of assets, fixed-income investment, equity investment and
quantitative investment. According to the statistics from the Securities Association of China and the Asset
Management Association of China, CMS Asset Management ranked 5th in the industry in terms of the scale
of AUM as at the end of 2021, and ranked 4th in the industry in terms of average monthly active private AUM
in 2021.


                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            45
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                                               Net income from asset
                                                                               management business
                                              AUM (RMB100 million)               (RMB100 million)

                    Category                          2021          2020             2021             2020

       Collective asset management                 2,028.09     1,303.40              7.73             7.84

       Separately managed account                  2,151.94     3,475.80              4.03             3.51

       Specialized asset management                 651.50        640.02              0.46             0.17

       Total                                       4,831.53     5,419.22            12.22             11.52

      Source: Internal statistics of the Company


(2)   Private equity fund management

     In 2021, China’s economy operated steadily with an upward trend, and the reform of the capital
market was fully deepened. The equity investment market was active, with the amount of proceeds raised
and invested reaching a record high. According to the statistics from Zero2IPO Group, in 2021, the total
amount of newly-raised funds in the domestic equity investment market was RMB2.21 trillion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 84.5%; the total investment amount was RMB1.42 trillion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 60.4%; and the number of exit cases was 4,532, representing a year-on-year increase of
18.0%. Of which, IPO exit cases accounted for approximately 70%. Meanwhile, China focused on building
a new landscape of dual circulation and innovation-driven development. There was booming development
in emerging industries such as emission peak and carbon neutrality, healthcare, semiconductors and digital
economy, providing new opportunities for the domestic equity investment industry.
      During the Reporting Period, leveraging the distinctive resource platform of China Merchants Group
and China Merchants Securities, CMS Zhiyuan continued to establish a distinctive business system and build
up professional investment capabilities. In terms of fundraising, CMS Zhiyuan actively expanded clients
resources of listed companies, local governments and SOEs, and cooperated with Tongling Nonferrous Metals
Group Co., Ltd., a listed company, to establish an advanced structural materials industrial fund, and China
Vanke Co., Ltd. to establish REITs-like funds, raising approximately RMB2.2 billion of proceeds. In terms of
investment, it continued to focus on key industries such as emission peak and carbon neutrality, healthcare,
advanced manufacturing and digital economy as well as the advantageous industries of China Merchants
Group including transportation, logistics and financial technology, and successfully invested in companies
including ChangXin Memory Technologies, FABU Technology, Nalong Science and Technology, Meike Solar
and Genfine Biotech, with an investment amount of approximately RMB2.1 billion. It also consolidated the
post-investment management system and promoted platform-based management. During the Reporting
Period, four investees have undergone IPOs, with another two approved and filed for IPOs. It recorded exiting
proceeds of RMB3.3 billion. According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China,
in the fourth quarter of 2021, the average monthly AUM of CMS Zhiyuan amounted to RMB17.353 billion,
ranking 8th among brokers.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

46
                                                Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Fund management

      In 2021, the scale of the mutual fund industry reached a new high. The amount of AUM surpassed
RMB25 trillion, with approximately 3 trillion funds being newly issued. Of which, newly issued equity funds
and hybrid funds both reached a historical new high. The pilot project of mutual fund investment advisory
business continued to expand, and innovative products such as public offering REITs continued to emerge,
further improving the portfolio of domestic financial products and providing investors with more abundant
tools for asset allocation.
①     Bosera Funds
      The Company holds 49% of the equity of Bosera Funds. In 2021, Bosera Funds adhered to the principle
of stability and endogenous growth, optimized product structure, improved product quality, focused on
building the core capabilities of equity investment, and strengthened and expanded the pension management
business, so as to generate advantages for sustainable and high-quality development.
      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM of Bosera Funds amounted to RMB1,655.3 billion
(excluding the assets managed by subsidiaries), of which assets managed under mutual funds (excluding
feeder funds) amounted to RMB989.2 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.45% and 38.81%,
respectively. According to the statistics from Wind, as at the end of 2021, Bosera Funds ranked 8th in the
industry in terms of AUM of non-monetary mutual funds, and ranked 2nd in terms of AUM of bond mutual
funds.
②     China Merchants Fund
     The Company holds 45% of the equity of China Merchants Fund. In 2021, China Merchants Fund seized
market opportunities, focused on the two key tasks of “reform” and “innovation” of its internal system and
mechanism, and further strengthened marketization and professionalization through a series of measures
such as investment and research reform, market expansion, product innovation, digital transformation and
team building, thereby maintaining a sound development momentum.
      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB1,080.0
billion (excluding the assets managed by subsidiaries), of which assets managed under mutual funds
(excluding feeder funds) amounted to RMB741.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 37.71% and
47.21%, respectively. According to the statistics from Wind, as at the end of 2021, China Merchants Fund
ranked 7th in the industry in terms of AUM of non-monetary mutual funds, and ranked 3rd in terms of AUM
of equity and bond mutual funds.




                                                                                         2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                       47
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



4.   Investment and trading

      The investment and trading business of the Company includes the investment and trading of equity and
fixed-income securities, foreign exchange and other financial products.
      In 2021, the global economy showed a trend of recovery. Commodity prices rose due to supply shocks,
leading to the expected rise in inflation. Under the recurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the global stock
market rose amid volatility. Meanwhile, there was expected rise in U.S. interest rate, and the rise in yield of
U.S. short-term treasury bonds accelerated. Despite the relatively weak performance of weighted stocks in
the A share market, the new energy, cyclical and military industries showed structural market opportunities.
The domestic bond market was stable. The ChinaBond Composite Index rose by 5.09% throughout the
year, slightly higher than the average rise in the bond market in the past ten years. For the foreign exchange
market, the U.S. dollar index rose by 6.37% throughout the year amid fluctuations to 95.67. The central
parity rate of Renminbi against U.S dollar amounted to 6.3757, representing an appreciation of approximately
2.29% throughout the year.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company adhered to asset allocation, and focused on risk-neutral
strategic investment and client demand-driven investment. As at the end of 2021, the Company’s financial
assets amounted to RMB311.658 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 36.04%.
     For the stock investment business, the Company adhered to the investment philosophy of pursuing
absolute returns, continuously strengthened the construction of the investment research team, actively
increased investment strategies, and strictly controlled risks. As a result, it significantly outperformed the CSI
300 Index, and achieved better investment returns.
      The Company actively engages in capital-based intermediary transactions such as fund market making,
options and futures market making and OTC derivatives, as well as risk-neutral investment business such as
quantitative strategies. For fund market making, the Company continued to develop market making projects
and expanded its business scale. Its competitiveness in terms of market making ranked among the top of
its peers. It was awarded the comprehensive AA rating by the SSE and SZSE in 2021, and was named as the
Best Stock ETF Market Maker and Best Cross-border ETF Market Maker by the SSE. For options and futures
market making, the Company continuously improved the market competitiveness of quotations by optimizing
its market making strategies and system as well as leveraging financial technologies such as big data and
machine learning. The Company was qualified as a market maker for 49 listed options and futures, ranking 1st
among brokers. It was awarded the comprehensive AA rating as an options market maker by the SSE and SZSE
in 2021, as well as the “2021 Outstanding Stock Option Market Maker Award” by the SZSE and other awards
as a market maker by the Exchanges. For OTC derivatives, the Company continued to improve its trading
and risk hedging capabilities and client service standards, and actively expanded the total return swap (TRS)
business. Its underlying assets covered various assets such as domestic and overseas equities and commodities,
maintaining a sound growth momentum. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the existing notional principal
of the Company’s OTC derivatives increased by 117% year-on-year, and the new notional principal of OTC
derivatives increased by 89% year-on-year.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

48
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      In terms of fixed-income investment, the Company upheld the philosophy of prudent investment,
strengthened the construction of the credit system, comprehensively assessed credit risks, steadily enlarged
the scale of investment, flexibly engaged in swing trading, and reduced risk exposure by utilizing hedging
tools in a timely manner. The return on domestic fixed-income investment significantly outperformed market
benchmarks. The Company also actively used various derivatives to vigorously carry out risk-neutral strategies.
The trading volume of interest rate swaps increased by 78% year-on-year. For market making business, the
Company fully launched the automated quotation system, and the number of market making quotations on
the Bond Connect approximately doubled year-on-year. The Company’s market making trading volume of
China government bond (CGB) has been among the top of the industry for three consecutive years (2019-
2021), and the Company won the “2020 Outstanding Market Maker Gold Award” and “CGB Best Practice
Award” of China Financial Futures Exchange. For overseas fixed-income investment, the Company reduced
interest rate risk exposure by diversifying trading varieties and utilizing hedging tools in a timely manner.
      The Company continuously improved its foreign exchange trading strategies and varieties, and its
profitability steadily improved. In 2021, its trading volume in the interbank foreign exchange market increased
by 162% year-on-year, becoming the first broker included in the list of China Foreign Exchange Trading
System “Interbank Renminbi Foreign Exchange Market Top 40”. The Company was also named as the “Best
Renminbi Foreign Exchange Non-Bank Member” by the China Foreign Exchange Trading System, and was
the only securities firm included in the list of “Interbank Renminbi Foreign Exchange Market ESP (Executive
Streaming Price) Trading Top 10” for two consecutive years.
      In terms of alternative investment, CMS Investment continued to strengthen the building of the equity
investment team. Focusing on emerging industries in China and the “emission peak and carbon neutrality”
strategy, it invested in popular areas, and continuously strengthened the support and services for investees.
During the Reporting Period, its new equity investment amounted to RMB2.579 billion.


5.   Outlook for 2022

    In 2022, the internal and external operating environment faced by the Company will remain
complicated.
     From the perspective of global environment, as affected by supply chain blockage and energy shortage,
the global economic environment will become more complex with further increase in uncertainties. It is
expected to be difficult for global inflation to return to normal in the short term. Monetary policy adjustments
in major developed economies have begun, and the accompanying economic and financial risks must not be
overlooked. The volatility of the global financial market will increase.
       From the perspective of domestic environment, the fundamentals of China’s economy with strong
resilience and long-term upward trend will remain unchanged. However, under the triple influence of demand
contraction, supply shock and weakening expectations, it will face downward pressure in the short term. In
the process of economic transition, certain risk factors relating to economic adjustment are also increasing.
The central government will focus on stabilizing the macroeconomy, keeping the economy operating within a
reasonable range, maintaining the overall social stability, and preparing for the success of the 20th National
Congress of the Communist Party of China. In the capital market, there will be continuous deepening in
reform, constant improvement in its basic system and further enhancement in its coverage, inclusiveness and
attractiveness, which will also bring new challenges and opportunities to the securities industry.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            49
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      From the perspective of industry competition, in the market environment where the average daily
turnover of trillions is normalized and the degree of institutionalization is steadily rising, the performance
stability of the securities industry will be enhanced, and the passive situation of “being at the mercy of the
weather” in the past is expected to be improved. All-round competition will promote the continuous upgrade
of service model of the securities industry. The industry competition jointly provoked by leading securities
firms, foreign financial institutions and cross-field institutions is becoming increasingly fierce. It is difficult
to achieve upward breakthroughs in operating performance by relying on a single business or product. The
“client-oriented” comprehensive service model will become a new development direction for the securities
industry.
      In 2022, the three-year SOE reform will come to an end. The Company will actively promote the steady
growth of operating performance, and at the same time steadily facilitate reform, integrate resources to
deepen coordination, vigorously promote digital transformation, and continuously consolidate and enhance
the competitiveness of core business. The Company will continue to uphold the principle of “expanding
capital-light business while strengthening capital-intensive business”, facilitate the coordinated development
of service business and capital business, and continuously improve ROE level.
     For wealth management and institutional business, the Company will continue to increase clients’ assets,
optimize clients’ investment returns, boost income from wealth management, strengthen the building of
comprehensive service capabilities for institutional clients, and facilitate the in-depth exploration of clients’
comprehensive value. For custody business, the Company will focus on “business scale expansion” while
strengthening innovation and maintaining its industry leading position. For capital intermediary business, the
Company will balance risks and profitability, and seek progress while maintaining stability, so as to achieve
high-quality development.
     For investment banking business, the Company will simultaneously promote transformation and reform
and increase revenue through marketing. First, on the basis of “quality first”, the Company will seize business
opportunities from the full implementation of the registration-based IPO system, from the normalization of
IPOs and additional issuance, and from M&A and public offering REITs, and take multiple measures to increase
revenue. Second, the Company will speed up the construction of a modern investment banking business
model with platform-based management and in-depth professionalization, and accelerate localization and
development in key regions to achieve breakthroughs in regional competitiveness. Third, the Company will
adhere to the mission of “China Merchants Securities can serve the nation’s needs”, focus on “self-reliance
and self-improvement in science and technology, industrial and supply chain self-controlled, emission peak
and carbon neutrality”, and enhance its capability to implement national strategies.
     For investment management business, the Company will strengthen and expand the scale of active
management and enhance its capacity in equity investment. The Company will launched more star products in
order to develop the new momentum of AUM growth. The Company will build a unique product line in order
to develop its differentiated competitive strengths.
      For investment and trading, the Company will coordinate the asset allocation strategy of “having a
large-scale while maintaining stability”, aiming at having “a prudent approach, diversified strategies, leading
business scale and efficient coordination”. The Company will enhance proprietary investment capabilities,
strengthen the construction of credit system, comprehensively assess credit risks, and maintain stable business
scale and income. The Company will vigorously develop client demand-driven business, further expand the
scale of risk-neutral strategic investment business, optimize income structure, and increase investment gains.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

50
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(II)   Financial analysis

1.     Details of changes related to profit and cash flows

                                                                                           Unit: RMB’000

                                                                                           Year-on-year
        Item                                         Current period   Previous period           change

        Total revenue, other income and gains           40,342,422        32,469,316             24.25%

        Total expenses                                  28,238,826        22,203,085             27.18%

        Profit before income tax                        13,703,853        11,308,869             21.18%

        Profit for the year                             11,657,808         9,503,867             22.66%

        Profit for the year attributable to
        shareholders of the Company                     11,645,065         9,491,639             22.69%

        Net cash used in operating activities           -54,318,605       -33,343,495                 —

        Net cash generated from investing
        activities                                      13,813,407         2,520,985           447.94%

        Net cash generated from financing
        activities                                      35,718,315        37,319,970             -4.29%

        Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash
        equivalents                                      -4,786,883        6,497,460          -173.67%

     In 2021, the Company recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB40.342 billion, profit
before income tax of RMB13.704 billion and profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company
of RMB11.645 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.25%, 21.18% and 22.69%, respectively.
Weighted average return on net assets was 11.52%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.67 percentage
point.




                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                      51
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



2.   Income

                                                                                                Unit: RMB’000

                                        Current period        Previous period           Increase/Decrease

       Item                            Amount Percentage     Amount Percentage         Amount Percentage

       Fee and commission
       income                    15,304,295        37.94% 12,798,077       39.42%     2,506,218       19.58%

       Interest income           11,342,235        28.11%   9,716,966      29.93%     1,625,269       16.73%

       Net gain on investment      9,454,795       23.44%   6,783,213      20.89%     2,671,582       39.39%

       Net other income and
       gains                       4,241,097       10.51%   3,171,060       9.77%     1,070,037       33.74%

       Total revenue, other
       income and gains          40,342,422      100.00% 32,469,316      100.00%      7,873,106       24.25%

     In 2021, the Company recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB40.342 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of RMB7.873 billion, or 24.25%, among which:
      Fee and commission income of the Company recorded a year-on-year increase of 19.58%, mainly
attributable to the year-on-year income growth of 21.89% and 22.30% from securities and futures brokerage
business, and underwriting and sponsorship business of the Company, respectively, among which, the
increase in the income from securities and futures brokerage business was mainly attributable to the growth
of the income from both agency trading business and agency sale of financial products; and the increase in
the income from underwriting and sponsorship business was mainly attributable to the income growth of
equity underwriting and debt underwriting.
     Interest income recorded a year-on-year increase of 16.73%, mainly attributable to the increase of
34.33% in the interest income from margin financing and securities lending due to the larger scale of margin
financing and securities lending business as compared to the previous year, as well as the increase in deposit
and clearing settlement funds of brokerage clients due to active trading in the market, resulting in a year-on-
year increase of 13.80% in the interest income from balance, margin and clearing settlement funds of the
Exchanges and financial institutions.
      Net gain on investment recorded a year-on-year increase of 39.39%, among which, the dividend and
interest income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss recorded an increase of RMB1.481
billion, and the net losses from derivative financial instruments recorded a decrease of RMB1.005 billion.
     Net other income and gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 33.74%, mainly attributable to the
revenue growth of commodities under China Merchants Futures, a subsidiary of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

52
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



3.   Expenses

                                                                                             Unit: RMB’000

                                     Current period           Previous period         Increase/Decrease

      Item                         Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage    Amount     Percentage

      Depreciation and
      amortization                 645,607        2.29%      591,279        2.66%      54,328        9.19%

      Staff costs                 8,315,756      29.45%     7,498,108      33.77%     817,648       10.90%

      Fee and commission
      expenses                    2,835,270      10.04%     2,101,235       9.46%     734,035       34.93%

      Interest expenses           9,649,572      34.17%     7,118,053      32.06%    2,531,519      35.56%

      Tax and surcharges           169,923        0.60%      140,492        0.63%      29,431       20.95%

      Other operating expenses    6,246,319      22.12%     4,598,325      20.71%    1,647,994      35.84%

      Credit impairment losses     373,061        1.32%      155,575        0.70%     217,486      139.79%

      Other impairment
      losses                          3,318       0.01%           18        0.00%       3,300    18333.33%

      Total expenses             28,238,826     100.00%    22,203,085     100.00%    6,035,741      27.18%

      In 2021, the total expenses of the Company amounted to RMB28.239 billion, representing a year-on-
year increase of 27.18%, of which:
     Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB2.835 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
of 34.93%, mainly attributable to the increase of RMB719 million, or 35.38%, in the fee and commission
expenses of securities and futures brokerage business along with the growth of business and the increase in
income.
     Interest expenses amounted to RMB9.650 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.56%,
mainly attributable to the increase in debt financing scale.
      Staff costs amounted to RMB8.316 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.90%, mainly
attributable to the increase in performance-based remuneration as a result of the increase in income.
     Credit impairment losses amounted to RMB373 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
139.79%, mainly attributable to the increase in impairment loss of stock pledge repo.
     Other operating expenses amounted to RMB6.246 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
35.84%, mainly attributable to the increase in expenses of commodities.
     Other expenses mainly included depreciation and amortization, tax and surcharges and other impairment
losses.




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          53
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



4.   Segment revenues

4.1 Analysis of segment revenues and other incomes

                                                                                                   Unit: RMB’000

                                  Current period         Previous period       Increase/Decrease

       Business segment         Amount Percentage       Amount Percentage      Amount Percentage         Change

       Wealth management
       and institutional
       business               20,673,747     51.25%   16,777,661     51.67%   3,896,086     23.22%       -0.42%

       Investment banking      2,610,999      6.47%    2,205,761      6.79%    405,238      18.37%       -0.32%

       Investment
       management              1,802,396      4.47%    1,589,072      4.89%    213,324      13.42%       -0.42%

       Investment and trading 10,840,859     26.87%    8,463,978     26.07%   2,376,881     28.08%        0.80%

       Others                  4,449,650     11.03%    3,481,483     10.72%    968,167      27.81%        0.31%

     In 2021, the Company recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB40.342 billion, of which:
     Revenue from the wealth management and institutional business segment recorded a year-on-year
increase of 23.22%, of which, the year-on-year increase in net fee income from agency trading of the
Company grew to a larger extent, mainly attributable to the year-on-year increase of 24.66% in the trading
volume of stocks and funds in the A share market in 2021 and the increase in the market share of the trading
volume of stocks and funds of the Company, along with a decrease in commission rate. The net income from
financial products under agency sale of the Company hit a record high. The increase in interest income from
margin financing and securities lending also grew to a larger extent due to the growth in margin financing
and securities lending.
    Revenue from the investment banking business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 18.37%, of
which, the income from equity and debt underwriting both recorded an increase.
     Revenue from the investment management business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of
13.42%, mainly attributable to the growth of management fee income driven by the increase in active AUM
of CMS Asset Management, a subsidiary of the Company.
     Revenue from the investment and trading business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of
28.08%, mainly attributable to the growth of investment income from the fixed-income and derivative
investment business of the Company.
     Revenue from other business segments recorded a year-on-year increase of 27.81%, mainly attributable
to the revenue growth of commodities under China Merchants Futures, a subsidiary of the Company.
     In terms of revenue composition, as compared to 2020, the revenue composition of each business
segment basically remained stable. The proportion of operating income from the investment and trading
business segment and other business segments increased by 0.80 and 0.31 percentage point, respectively,
and the proportion of the wealth management and institutional business segment, investment banking
business segment and investment management business segment decreased by 0.42, 0.32 and 0.42
percentage point, respectively.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

54
                                                Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



4.2 Analysis of segment expenses

                                                                                           Unit: RMB’000

                                   Current period           Previous period         Increase/Decrease

      Business segment           Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage    Amount     Percentage

      Wealth management and
      institutional business   13,829,404      48.97%    11,125,551      50.11%    2,703,853      24.30%

      Investment banking        1,133,501       4.01%     1,024,669       4.61%     108,832       10.62%

      Investment management      546,435        1.94%      462,933        2.08%      83,502       18.04%

      Investment and trading    7,372,978      26.11%     5,638,679      25.40%    1,734,299      30.76%

      Others                    5,391,737      19.09%     3,999,892      18.02%    1,391,845      34.80%

      Expenses of each business segment recorded a year-on-year increase to different extent, of which,
expenses of the wealth management and institutional business segment increased by 24.30%, mainly
attributable to the increase in fee and commission expenses and IT electronic equipment operation and
network communication expenses incurred in relation to business operation, and the growth of Internet
finance related expenses; expenses of the investment management business segment increased by 18.04%,
mainly attributable to the increase in channel fees paid for asset management products; expenses of the
investment and trading business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 30.76%, mainly attributable
to the increase in interest expenses resulting from the growth of investment scale; and expenses of other
business segments recorded a year-on-year increase of 34.80%, mainly attributable to the increase in
expenses of commodities.




                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                        55
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



5.   Cash flows

                                                                                                Unit: RMB’000

                                                                                   Amount        Percentage
                                                   Current        Previous       increased/       increased/
       Item                                         period          period       decreased        decreased

       Net cash used in operating activities   -54,318,605     -33,343,495      -20,975,110                —

       Net cash generated from investing
       activities                              13,813,407        2,520,985       11,292,422         447.94%

       Net cash generated from financing
       activities                              35,718,315       37,319,970       -1,601,655           -4.29%

       Net (decrease) increase in cash and
       cash equivalents                         -4,786,883       6,497,460      -11,284,343        -173.67%

     In 2021, the net increase in cash and cash equivalents of the Company was a deficit of RMB4.787 billion.
Of which, net cash used in operating activities recorded a deficit of RMB54.319 billion; net cash generated
from investing activities amounted to RMB13.813 billion; and net cash generated from financing activities
amounted to RMB35.718 billion.
     (1)   Net cash used in operating activities decreased by RMB20.975 billion as compared to 2020,
           mainly attributable to the year-on-year increase in financial assets at fair value through profit or
           loss of RMB52.143 billion, and the decrease in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
           of RMB13.451 billion, partially offset by the reduction of increase in advances to customers of
           RMB9.706 billion and the increase in financial assets held under resale agreements of RMB29.476
           billion.
     (2)   Net cash flow from investing activities increased by RMB11.292 billion as compared to 2020, mainly
           attributable to the increase in the net proceeds from the disposal of financial assets at fair value
           through other comprehensive income of RMB9.151 billion, and the increase in the proceeds from
           the disposal of investment in associates of RMB1.146 billion during the year.
     (3)   Cash flow from financing activities decreased by RMB1.602 billion as compared to 2020, mainly
           attributable to the year-on-year increase in proceeds received from the issuance of bonds and
           short-term debt instruments of RMB22.432 billion, partially offset by the decrease in the proceeds
           received from the issuance of shares of RMB14.824 billion and the increase in the repayment of
           bonds and short-term debt instruments of RMB9.447 billion.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

56
                                                           Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



6.   Overview of consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB’000

                                            December 31, 2021              December 31, 2020               Increase/Decrease
      Item                                  Amount      Percentage         Amount      Percentage         Amount       Percentage
      Non-current assets
        Property and equipment             1,480,506            0.25%     1,547,029            0.31%       -66,523         -4.30%
        Right-of-use assets                1,643,651            0.28%     1,608,964            0.32%        34,687             2.16%
        Goodwill                               9,671            0.00%         9,671            0.00%            —                 —
        Other intangible assets               35,602            0.01%        19,988            0.00%       15,614          78.12%
        Investment in associates           9,648,858            1.62%     9,508,149            1.90%      140,709              1.48%
        Equity instruments at fair
          value through other
          comprehensive income             1,409,254            0.24%     7,420,580            1.48%    -6,011,326        -81.01%
        Debt instruments at amortized
          cost                              164,506             0.03%      921,389             0.18%      -756,883        -82.15%
        Financial assets held under
           resale agreements                665,863             0.11%     1,362,032            0.27%      -696,169        -51.11%
        Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss         10,577,488            1.77%     7,565,032            1.51%     3,012,456         39.82%
        Deferred tax assets                1,561,415            0.26%     1,818,424            0.36%      -257,009        -14.13%
        Other non-current assets            747,041             0.13%     1,132,319            0.23%      -385,278        -34.03%
        Total non-current assets          27,943,855            4.68%    32,913,577            6.59%    -4,969,722        -15.10%
      Current assets
        Advances to customers             98,686,506        16.52%       81,754,350        16.36%       16,932,156         20.71%
        Current tax assets                  139,954             0.02%      106,799             0.02%       33,155          31.04%
        Account and other receivables      5,457,785            0.91%     6,429,522            1.29%      -971,737        -15.11%
        Debt instruments at fair
          value through other
          comprehensive income            40,582,323            6.80%    44,614,600            8.93%    -4,032,277         -9.04%
        Debt instruments at amortized
          cost                              953,120             0.16%      818,001             0.16%      135,119          16.52%
        Financial assets held under
           resale agreements              38,532,729            6.45%    50,898,293        10.19%      -12,365,564        -24.29%
        Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss        254,766,790        42.66%      166,030,032        33.22%       88,736,758         53.45%
        Derivative financial assets        3,204,641            0.54%     1,726,339            0.35%     1,478,302         85.63%
        Deposits with Exchanges
          and non-bank financial
          institutions                    13,141,791            2.20%     9,067,233            1.81%     4,074,558         44.94%
        Clearing settlement funds         25,873,373            4.33%    22,529,340            4.51%     3,344,033         14.84%
        Cash and bank balances            87,938,261        14.72%       82,838,593        16.58%        5,099,668             6.16%
      Total current assets               569,277,273        95.32%      466,813,102        93.41%      102,464,171         21.95%
      Total assets                       597,221,128       100.00%      499,726,679       100.00%       97,494,449         19.51%

                                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                 57
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     As at the end of 2021, the total assets of the Company amounted to RMB597.221 billion, increased
by RMB97.494 billion, or 19.51%, as compared to the end of 2020. The total current assets amounted to
RMB569.277 billion and total non-current assets accounted to RMB27.944 billion. The balance of financial
assets 2 as at the end of the Reporting Period was RMB311.658 billion, increased by RMB82.562 billion as
compared to the end of 2020, and the balance of advances to customers as at the end of the Reporting Period
was RMB98.687 billion, increased by RMB16.932 billion as compared to the end of 2020.
     The Company has maintained satisfactory asset quality and liquidity. Net current assets as at the end
of 2021 amounted to RMB202.714 billion, representing an increase of RMB68.381 billion, or 50.90%, as
compared to last year, which was mainly attributable to the growth in financial assets and advances to
customers. As at the end of 2021, the Company’s cash and bank balances and clearing settlement funds,
financial assets, advances to customers and financial assets held under resale agreements, and investment in
associates accounted for 19.05%, 52.18%, 23.09% and 1.62% of total assets, respectively. As compared
to the end of last year, the proportion of cash and bank balances and clearing settlement funds to total
assets decreased by 2.04 percentage points; the proportion of financial assets to total assets increased by
6.34 percentage points; and the proportion of advances to customers and financial assets held under resale
agreements to total assets decreased by 3.73 percentage points.
                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB’000

                                                  December 31, 2021              December 31, 2020              Increase/Decrease

       Item                                       Amount      Percentage         Amount      Percentage        Amount       Percentage

       Current liabilities

         Short-term borrowings                   5,248,006            1.08%     3,290,295            0.84%    1,957,711         59.50%

         Short-term debt instruments            26,935,839            5.56%    36,216,758            9.19%   -9,280,919        -25.63%

         Placements from other
            financial institutions               6,743,717            1.39%    11,002,762            2.79%   -4,259,045        -38.71%

         Accounts payable to
           brokerage clients                    99,605,342        20.55%       85,441,243        21.69%      14,164,099         16.58%

         Accrued staff costs                     8,059,301            1.66%     6,759,837            1.72%    1,299,464         19.22%

         Other payables and accrued
           charges                              32,690,883            6.75%    18,451,855            4.68%   14,239,028         77.17%

         Current tax liabilities                  553,519             0.11%      249,546             0.06%     303,973         121.81%

         Financial liabilities at fair value
            through profit or loss              21,320,342            4.40%    11,249,844            2.86%   10,070,498         89.52%

         Derivative financial liabilities        4,616,992            0.95%     3,071,802            0.78%    1,545,190         50.30%

         Financial assets sold under
            repurchase agreements              127,417,730        26.29%      119,258,195        30.28%       8,159,535             6.84%

         Lease liabilities                        321,889             0.07%      294,159             0.07%      27,730              9.43%


2
     Financial assets = Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income + Debt instruments at
     amortized cost + Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss + Equity instruments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income + Derivative financial assets

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

58
                                                                Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                 December 31, 2021              December 31, 2020              Increase/Decrease

      Item                                       Amount      Percentage         Amount      Percentage        Amount       Percentage

        Provisions                               128,144             0.03%          377             0.00%     127,767      33,890.45%

        Long-term borrowings due
          within one year                            642             0.00%      253,004             0.06%     -252,362        -99.75%

        Bonds payable due within one
          year                                 32,920,742            6.79%    36,939,761            9.38%   -4,019,019        -10.88%

      Total current liabilities               366,563,088        75.64%      332,479,438        84.41%      34,083,650         10.25%

      Net current assets                      202,714,185        41.83%      134,333,664        34.10%      68,380,521         50.90%

      Total assets less current
        liabilities                           230,658,040        47.59%      167,247,241        42.46%      63,410,799         37.91%

      Non-current liabilities

        Accrued staff costs                      223,661             0.05%      395,360             0.10%     -171,699        -43.43%

        Deferred tax liabilities                 491,857             0.10%      790,161             0.20%     -298,304        -37.75%

        Financial liabilities at fair value
           through profit or loss               1,867,596            0.39%     2,692,207            0.68%     -824,611        -30.63%

        Bonds payable                         113,393,215        23.40%       56,040,867        14.23%      57,352,348        102.34%

        Long-term borrowings                     979,540             0.20%      418,353             0.11%     561,187         134.14%

        Deferred income                          116,144             0.02%      119,340             0.03%       -3,196         -2.68%

        Lease liabilities                        995,576             0.21%      966,240             0.25%      29,336              3.04%

      Total non-current liabilities           118,067,589        24.36%       61,422,528        15.59%      56,645,061         92.22%

      Total liabilities                       484,630,677       100.00%      393,901,966       100.00%      90,728,711         23.03%

      As at the end of 2021, the total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB484.631 billion,
representing an increase of RMB90.729 billion, or 23.03%, as compared to the end of 2020. Of which, the
current liabilities amounted to RMB366.563 billion and non-current liabilities amounted to RMB118.068
billion. Accounts payable to brokerage clients increased by RMB14.164 billion as compared to the end of
2020. The balance of bonds payable as at the end of the period increased by RMB57.352 billion; the balance
of financial assets sold under repurchase agreements as at the end of the period increased by RMB8.160
billion; and the balance of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss as at the end of the period
increased by RMB9.246 billion.
     Excluding the accounts payable to brokerage clients, as at the end of the year, the total assets of the
Company amounted to RMB497.616 billion, increased by RMB83.331 billion, or 20.11%, as compared to
the end of 2020, and the total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB385.025 billion, increased by
RMB76.564 billion, or 24.82%, as compared to the end of 2020. The gearing ratio, after deducting accounts
payable to brokerage clients, of the Company was 77.37%, representing a rise of 2.91 percentage points as
compared to the end of 2020.




                                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                     59
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’000

                                          December 31, 2021          December 31, 2020        Increase/Decrease

       Item                               Amount     Percentage      Amount     Percentage    Amount     Percentage

       Equity

       Share capital                     8,696,526        7.72%     8,696,526        8.22%          —             —

       Other equity instruments         15,000,000       13.32%    15,000,000       14.17%          —             —

       Capital reserve                  40,361,022       35.85%    40,361,022       38.14%          —             —

       Less: treasury shares                    —             —            —             —          —             —

       Investment revaluation
         reserve – financial assets
         at fair value through other
         comprehensive income             196,165         0.17%      288,626         0.27%     -92,461      -32.03%

       Foreign currency translation
         reserve                          -227,414       -0.20%       -43,094       -0.04%    -184,320            —

       General reserves                 20,744,058       18.42%    18,514,639       17.50%   2,229,419       12.04%

       Retained profits                 27,732,673       24.63%    22,919,086       21.66%   4,813,587       21.00%

       Equity attributable to
         shareholders of the
         Company                       112,503,030       99.92%   105,736,805       99.92%   6,766,225        6.40%

       Non-controlling interests           87,421         0.08%       87,908         0.08%       -487        -0.55%

       Total equity                    112,590,451      100.00%   105,824,713      100.00%   6,765,738        6.39%

      As at the end of 2021, the equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company of the Company
amounted to RMB112.503 billion, representing an increase of RMB6.766 billion, or 6.40%, as compared to
the end of 2020. This year, net profit attributable to the parent company amounted to RMB11.645 billion;
dividends distributed to shareholders amounted to RMB3.800 billion; and interest payable for perpetual bonds
amounted to RMB802 million.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

60
                                                                      Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



7.   Overseas assets

     Overseas assets amounted to RMB34.147 billion, accounting for 5.72% of total assets.


(III) Analysis of investment

1.   General analysis of external equity investments

      During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any new external equity investment. During the
year, the Company disposed all of its equity interest in Qingdao Asset Management Co., Ltd., an associated
company.


2.   Significant equity investments

                                                                                                                                         Currency: RMB

                                                                                                              Change in
                                                                                              Gain or loss      owners’
                                                 Shareholding    Shareholding                  during the equity during
                                         Initial     as at the   as at the end      Closing     Reporting the Reporting
                                    investment beginning of      of the period      balance        Period        Period   Accounting
      Target                        (RMB0,000) the period (%)              (%)   (RMB0,000)   (RMB0,000)    (RMB0,000)    item               Source

                                                                                                                          Long-term equity
      Bosera Funds                  369,319.04         49.00%         49.00%     625,257.87    87,132.55        -192.71   investment         Acquisition

                                                                                                                          Long-term equity   Establishment and
      China Merchants Fund           85,084.45         45.00%         45.00%     334,560.47    72,116.90       1,107.50   investment         acquisition

      Total                         454,403.49              —               —    959,818.34   159,249.45         914.79

     Notes:          1.	The closing balance refers to the balance net of recognized provision for impairment as at the
                         end of the Reporting Period.
                     2.      Gain or loss during the Reporting Period refers to the effect of investment on the consolidated
                             net profit of the Company during the Reporting Period.
                     3.      Change in owners’ equity during the Reporting Period does not take into account of the effect
                             of gain or loss during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                           61
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



3.    Financial assets measured at fair value

                                                                           Unit: 10,000 Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                      As at the end of
                                                      December 2021             January – December 2021

                                                       Initial                   Investment
                                                  investment                          gains/
                                                cost/nominal                        interest     Change in
       Item                                          amount        Fair value        income      fair value

       Financial assets held-for-trading        25,799,789.72 26,534,427.78      923,390.92     153,823.40

       Other debt investments                    3,954,227.17    4,058,232.33    145,500.04        8,063.14

       Investment in other equity
       instruments                                131,384.57      140,925.44      42,607.45      -24,333.77

       Derivative financial assets                                320,464.19
                                                49,334,636.06                     -29,181.70     -53,123.56
       Derivative financial liabilities                           461,699.16

       Financial liabilities held-for-trading    2,298,762.97    2,318,793.78     -79,584.07     -25,291.77

       Sub-total                                           —               —    1,002,732.64      59,137.44



(IV) Analysis of principal subsidiaries and companies in which the Company has a non-controlling
     interest

1.    Analysis of subsidiaries

(1)   China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (a company incorporated in the
      People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

     CMS Asset Management is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered
capital of RMB1 billion. It is principally engaged in securities asset management.
                                                                           Unit: 10,000 Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                                  For/as at the end       For/as at the end
       Item                                                                 of 2021                 of 2020

       Registered capital                                                  100,000                 100,000

       Total revenue, other income and gains                               135,913                 128,588

       Net profit                                                           68,792                  76,106

       Total assets                                                        509,253                 490,621

       Net assets                                                          463,077                 394,061




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

62
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   China Merchants Securities International Company Limited (a company incorporated in the
      Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China with limited
      liability)

     CMS International is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a paid-up capital of
HK$6.454 billion. Through its subsidiaries, CMS International is principally engaged in securities and futures
contracts brokerage, listing sponsorship, financial advisory, corporate finance, investment management, asset
management, market research and other businesses as permitted by regulatory rules of the place where its
subsidiaries operate.
     In 2021, CMS International completed a capital increase of HK$2.35 billion, and was awarded Baa2/
P-2 rating for the first time by Moody’s. It also issued overseas U.S. dollar bonds for the first time, further
enhancing its capital strength and risk resistance capability.
                                                                                Unit: 10,000    Currency: HK$

                                                               For/as at the end          For/as at the end
       Item                                                              of 2021                    of 2020

       Paid-up capital                                                    645,363                    410,363

       Total revenue, other income and gains                              218,644                    150,654

       Net profit                                                          87,632                     50,577

       Total assets                                                     4,181,587                  2,924,544

       Net assets                                                         950,924                    631,119



(3)   China Merchants Futures Co., Limited (a company incorporated in the People’s Republic of
      China with limited liability)

     China Merchants Futures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered
capital of RMB3.598 billion. Its principal businesses include commodity futures brokerage, financial futures
brokerage, futures investment consultation and asset management. As at the end of 2021, China Merchants
Futures has four futures branches in Beijing, Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hangzhou, one branch office in
Henan and one risk management subsidiary, i.e. China Merchants Securities Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (招
證資本投資有限公司).
                                                                          Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                               For/as at the end          For/as at the end
       Item                                                              of 2021                    of 2020

       Registered capital                                                 359,800                    359,800

       Total revenue, other income and gains                              502,289                    371,609

       Net profit                                                          37,378                     21,306

       Total assets                                                     2,711,553                  1,953,530

       Net assets                                                         444,661                    477,283




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           63
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(4)   China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (a company incorporated in the People’s
      Republic of China with limited liability)

     CMS Zhiyuan is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered capital of
RMB2.1 billion and a paid-up capital of RMB1.8 billion. It is principally engaged in private equity investment
funds and related consultancy and advisory services and other businesses as permitted by regulatory
authorities.
                                                                          Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                               For/as at the end          For/as at the end
       Item                                                              of 2021                    of 2020

       Registered capital                                                 210,000                    210,000

       Total revenue, other income and gains                               21,602                     17,882

       Net profit attributable to the parent company                         4,348                     2,941

       Total assets                                                       499,975                    639,631

       Net assets attributable to the parent company                      211,763                    257,415



(5)   China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (a company incorporated in the People’s
      Republic of China with limited liability)

     CMS Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered capital
of RMB7.1 billion. It is principally engaged in alternative investment businesses such as financial products
and equity investment other than those listed in the List of Securities Investments for Proprietary Trading of
Securities Companies (《證券公司證券自營投資品種清單》).
      In 2021, due to the substantial year-on-year increase in investment gains from equity investment projects
and strategic co-investment projects in the STAR Market, CMS Investment’s operating results improved
significantly.
      In 2021, CMS Investment transferred all of its 30% equity interest in Qingdao Asset Management Co.,
Ltd. for a consideration of RMB1.161 billion, which was included in investment gains for the period in an
amount of RMB134 million.
                                                                          Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                               For/as at the end          For/as at the end
       Item                                                              of 2021                    of 2020

       Registered capital                                                 710,000                    710,000

       Total revenue, other income and gains                              144,794                     64,538

       Net profit                                                         101,163                     48,130

       Total assets                                                       970,299                    809,373

       Net assets                                                         882,167                    781,004




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

64
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



2.    Analysis of companies in which the Company has a non-controlling interest

(1)   Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited

     The Company holds 49% equity interest in Bosera Funds. Bosera Funds was established on July 13, 1998
as one of the first five mutual fund management companies in mainland China. Its business scope includes
fund raising, sales of funds, asset management and other businesses permitted by the CSRC.
      The following table sets forth the key financial data of Bosera Funds during the Reporting Period:
                                                                          Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                               For/as at the end          For/as at the end
       Item                                                              of 2021                    of 2020

       Registered capital                                                  25,000                    25,000

       Operating income                                                   576,399                   422,601

       Operating profit                                                   231,235                   164,882

       Net profit                                                         177,870                   124,703

       Total assets                                                     1,084,915                   885,923

       Net assets                                                         713,511                   576,083



(2)   China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.

     The Company holds 45% equity interest in China Merchants Fund. China Merchants Fund was
established on December 27, 2002. Its business scope includes fund management, promotion and
establishment of funds and other businesses approved by the CSRC.
    The following table sets forth the general financial condition of China Merchants Fund during the
Reporting Period:
                                                                          Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                               For/as at the end          For/as at the end
       Item                                                              of 2021                    of 2020

       Registered capital                                                 131,000                   131,000

       Operating income                                                   523,192                   323,513

       Operating profit                                                   209,405                   116,933

       Net profit                                                         160,260                    90,385

       Total assets                                                     1,014,930                   823,661

       Net assets                                                         699,124                   590,634




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           65
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(V) Structured entities controlled by the Company

      As of December 31, 2021, the Group consolidated 48 structured entities, including mainly
collective asset management schemes, investment funds, trust products and limited partnership. Under
the circumstance that the Group is involved in a structured entity as manager and investor, the Group
comprehensively assesses whether its potential variable returns will be significantly affected by the returns
attributable to its investment and the remuneration as a manager and whether the Group is a principal of
the entity. As of December 31, 2021, the total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to
RMB20.539 billion.


(VI) Financing

1.   Financing channels and financing capabilities

      The Company has established diversified financing channels. The Company engages in equity financing
through additional issuance, allotment and other means. Through corporate bonds, private corporate bonds,
subordinated bonds, perpetual subordinated bonds, financial bonds, short-term financing bonds, beneficiary
certificates, margin trading rights as collateral financing, refinancing, interbank borrowing and repurchase,
the Company comprehensively allocates short-term and medium-to-long-term financing varieties. Meanwhile,
the Company also supports the all-round development of its business through the issuance of offshore bonds,
providing a solid guarantee for its stable operation and sustainable growth.
     In 2021, the Company obtained a corporate bond issuance quota of not more than RMB50 billion and
a subordinated bond issuance quota of not more than RMB20 billion in the Exchanges, and was approved
a cap of balance of short-term financing bonds of RMB31 billion in the interbank market. The Company
continuously optimizes its capital structure and debt structure, so as to supplement the capital requirements
for business development.


2.   Liability structure

      As at the end of 2021, total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB484.631 billion. Excluding
the amount of agency trading, total liabilities amounted to RMB385.025 billion. Of which, bonds payable
amounted to RMB146.314 billion, accounting for 38.00% of liabilities; long-term borrowings amounted
to RMB0.980 billion, accounting for 0.25% of liabilities; financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
amounted to RMB127.418 billion, accounting for 33.09% of liabilities; short-term borrowings amounted
to RMB5.248 billion, accounting for 1.36% of liabilities; and placements from banks and other financial
institutions amounted to RMB6.744 billion, accounting for 1.75% of liabilities. Currently, the Company has
no debts overdue. The solvency of the Company is strong and the liquidity risk is controllable.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

66
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



3.   Liquidity management

      In respect of liquidity management, the Company aims to maintain the liquidity according to its business
development strategies at a level such that it is adequate to settle the debts when they fall due and to expand
business when necessary. The liquidity should be sufficient to provide the Company with working capital
without the need of funds from disposal of assets. The Company also maintains sufficient liquid assets and
available facilities to meet unexpected financial needs.
      With regular analysis of and monitoring on the size and structure of assets and liabilities, the Company
was able to maintain adequate premium liquid assets while keeping proper size and duration of its assets
and liabilities to support business development. The Company has an asset and liability management system
and has determined liquidity risk indicators for different levels of management to monitor the compliance
of limits of assets and liabilities. Such measures are taken to ensure the liquidity of the Company with
reasonable structure of assets and liabilities in terms of size and maturity. The Company has an internal capital
pricing system to regulate the capital flow. A real-time monitoring system and a quantified analysis model
for investment business have been established. Data are collected for sensitivity analysis, stress test and VaR
analysis to keep track of the liquidity risk of investment business. The management of the Company will be
alerted of any risks exceeding the liquidity alert level and any rapid deterioration of risks for remedial actions.
The Company has established an internal risk reporting system to promptly monitor the liquidity risk in the
operation of all businesses at each branch, so that the Company could take measures to maintain the safety
and sustainability of its operations. The Company has a financing policy to secure funds when necessary.
It also explored financing channels and methods to satisfy its financial needs for operation. The Company
maintained high liquidity through effective asset allocation during the year.


(VII) Business innovation and risk control during the Reporting Period

1.   Business innovation during the Reporting Period

     In 2021, the Company vigorously promoted digital construction. Utilizing technology and driven by
innovation, the Company seized new opportunities for the capital market development, and successfully
launched a series of innovative products and services.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated the “14th Five-Year” digitalization plan, and
completed the top-level design for technology and business digitalization. The Company comprehensively
upgraded its digital organization. The information technology center has been upgraded to the financial
technology center, emphasizing on the value brought by the deep integration of financial technology and
business development. The Company established the Wuhan financial technology center to further enrich the
talent team for digital development. The information technology business partner (ITBP) has been upgraded
to the “product manager” system, opening up the last stage of business and inter-connection.




                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               67
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      In 2021, the business digital transformation and digital core capabilities development have achieved
remarkable results. For retail business, “China Merchants Securities APP” ranked top five among large-scale
brokers in terms of MAU. “CMS Wealth Management +” connected internal management platform to the
WeChat ecosystem, enabled the Company to serve over 2.9 million users through WeChat. For institutional
business, Geetek’s full trading cycle capability performance maintained its industry-leading status. The
Company was the first to launch a hardware-accelerated (FPGA) options market making counter. The new
cloud-native OTC derivatives trading platform enabled multi-asset end-to-end trading services in one app.
Breakthrough was also achieved in the investment banking business digitalization. The “corporate client CRM
system” supported the online management of more than 1,000 companies in the “Gazelle Incubator Project”
company database. The “intelligent investment banking business platform” supported the issuance of the
first batch of REITs public offering, and took the lead in launching the intelligent analysis for all formats of
bank transactions. The Company successfully launched the second phase of the “new generation of cloud-
native core business system”, and commenced trial operation for the third phase, establishing the first cloud-
native core trading system in the industry. The Company was also the first to use distributed database for the
query of core trading history. The Company consolidated digital core capabilities, steadily improved secured
operation, efficient delivery, platform development and autonomous control capabilities, and continuously
improved the stability, efficiency and growth of technology platform.
       In 2021, the Company continuously promoted the investment and innovation business, and became the
first batch of qualified institutions to issue credit-protected warrants for providing pledge repo to protected
bonds. The Company actively developed green finance. Driven by forward-looking researches on “emission
peak and carbon neutrality”, the Company fostered the development of investment banking business, and
pushed for full industrial chain investment business development grand plan and strategy.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

68
                                                Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



2.   Risk control for innovative business

     ①   The Company has established a decision-making and management structure for innovative
         activities and formulated relevant management systems to ensure that all innovative activities are
         carried out in compliance with relevant laws and regulations under reasonable risk control.
         The Company has established the Technology Innovation Office as the department for the
         coordination and promotion of technology innovation. The Company’s Risk Management
         Department and Legal Compliance Department have been involved in the early stages of project
         establishment, design and validation of innovative activities, conducted risk assessment and
         compliance validation and prevented any potential legal risks in relation to innovative activities,
         fully validated and assessed any risks involved in innovative activities, and provided guidance to
         business departments on improving the internal control systems and procedures. Major innovative
         activities are also subject to special review and consideration by the Company’s Risk Management
         Committee.
     ②   The Company has established a risk monitoring and pre-warning system for innovative activities
         and dynamically adjusted the monitoring indicators to ensure that the risk exposure to innovative
         activities is always kept within an acceptable range as far as the Company’s net capital and liquidity
         are concerned.
         In respect of development of innovative activities, the Company designs various monitoring
         indicators and risk limits based on the risk characteristics of innovative activities, tracks the risk
         dynamics of innovative business in real time, and provides risk alerts to business departments in
         a timely manner when there are abnormalities in the risk indicators, so as to ensure that the risk
         exposure to innovative activities is always kept within an acceptable range as far as the Company’s
         net capital and liquidity are concerned.
     ③   The Company has incorporated the development of innovative business into the scope of internal
         audit and implemented comprehensive inspections on the management system, control processes
         and system construction of relevant businesses to continuously improve the effectiveness of
         internal control system of innovative business.
         The Audit Department of the Company focuses on innovative business during audits, and the scope
         of audit covers important aspects of innovative business. Through inspection on the management
         system, operational processes and information system involved in innovative business, the
         department evaluates the effectiveness of the internal control system of innovative business on
         a separate basis, makes suggestions for improvement in respect of the problems found in the
         inspection and supervises the management department of innovative business to rectify and
         implement relevant measures, so as to promote the continuous improvement of internal control
         standard of innovative business through post-event supervision.




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           69
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(VIII) Establishment and disposal of branches

     During the Reporting Period, China Merchants Securities did not establish or close any branches or
securities branches, and completed the intra-city relocation of 21 securities branches. China Merchants
Futures completed its intra-city relocation on August 24, 2021, and its registered address and office address
have been changed to China Merchants Securities Building. The office address of CMS Zhiyuan, CMS
Investment and CMS Asset Management has been changed to China Merchants Securities Building on August
1, 2021, and their registered address has remained unchanged.


VI. Discussion and Analysis of Future Development of the Company

(I)   Industry pattern and trend

1.    Reform and development of the capital market

      First, the development foundation of the capital market will continue to be reinforced, and the
registration-based IPO system will be fully implemented. The Party Central Committee and the State Council
have made multiple arrangements for the reform of the registration-based IPO system. The pilot projects
of the registration-based IPO system on the STAR Market, ChiNext Board and Beijing Stock Exchange have
achieved good results, providing experience for the full implementation of the registration-based IPO system.
Relevant regulations, rules and procedures have been continuously enhanced, and the practice capacity
of intermediaries has been strengthened, thereby laying a sound foundation for the full implementation
of the registration-based IPO system. Second, market development will focus on “maintaining stability”.
Under the recurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the world economy and political environment have
undergone tremendous changes, posing challenges to the stable development of China’s capital market.
The development of China’s capital market will focus even more on “seeking progress while maintaining
stability”, putting risk prevention as a more important priority, and effectively serving the needs of building
a new development pattern and pursuing high-quality development. Third, two-way opening-up will
be deepened and advanced in the capital market. The construction of a globalized and market-oriented
capital market is inseparable from two-way opening-up. Driven by the two-way high-standard opening-
up of markets, institutions and products, China’s capital market is increasingly attractive to global financial
institutions and investors, facilitating the construction of a high-quality capital market. Fourth, supervision
will be strengthened to prevent the disordered expansion of capital. Through supervision, the regulation and
guidance on capital will be further strengthened. Strict supervision will be implemented for financing and
M&A activities in specific sensitive areas, and an institutional mechanism for preventing disordered expansion
of capital will be established and improved, so as to ensure the sound development of the capital market.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

70
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



2.     Development of and competition in the securities industry

     The rapid development of the capital market has boosted the development and growth of the securities
industry, and the trend of being capital-intensive is still prominent in the industry. Along with the growth
of the institutional client base, there has been rapid development in OTC derivatives and margin financing
and securities lending businesses, as well as increasingly intense integration between the capital business
and service intermediary business of securities firms, thereby promoting the continuous growth of industry’s
assets. Meanwhile, the business model of securities firms has become more diversified, with significant
enhancement in the stability of earnings. The revenue contribution of traditional brokerage business has
gradually declined, while the development of wealth management, institutional client services and equity
investment businesses has accelerated. Revenue of the industry has become more diversified and stable.
      Along with the development of the industry, the competition of securities firms has shown the following
characteristics: First, capital is still an important competitive factor. In recent years, many small, medium
and large-sized securities firms have been actively engaged in equity financing to meet the capital needs led
by rapid business growth. Second, the comprehensive business model has become increasingly prominent.
In recent years, under the continuous influence of “Internet thinking”, the competitive strategy of the
securities industry has gradually shifted from the previous business model of relying on a single product with
independent business operation to the “client-oriented” business model of offering comprehensive services
and comprehensive pricing. Third, entities competing in the industry have become more diversified. Along
with the deepening of two-way opening-up of finance, international investment banks are accelerating their
planning in the domestic capital market and actively applying for domestic securities licences. Leveraging
their technological capabilities, capital strength and overseas market experience, they compete fiercely with
domestic securities firms in advantageous fields such as high-end client services and asset management.
Meanwhile, Internet companies, third-party sales agencies, fund companies and commercial banks also
compete head-to-head with securities firms in the field of wealth management.


(II)   Development strategies of the Company

1.     Development opportunities facing the Company

      First, for the capital market, the reform focusing on the registration-based IPO system has been
accelerated, and the foundation for the development of the securities industry has been continuously
reinforced. Securities firms will continue to share the benefits arising from capital market reform. Second,
people have acknowledged the concept of “housing is for living in, not for speculation”. An increasing
amount of wealth is flowing into the capital market, and residents have more urgent and stronger demand
for wealth management, laying the foundation for securities firms to speed up the development of wealth
management business and create a new business growth pole. Third, the growth of institutional investors
has brought more comprehensive and diversified business opportunities, driving securities firms to accelerate
service upgrades, enhance innovation and build a more robust business portfolio. Fourth, driven by the
national technological innovation strategy, there has been rapid development and strong demand for
financing in new generation of industries such as information technology, new energy, new materials,
high-end manufacturing, semiconductors and biomedicine. Along with the full implementation of the
registration-based IPO system, there will be new opportunities for investment banking and equity investment
business. Fifth, the increase in varieties of financial instruments, the rapid enhancement of operating system
and trading mechanism and the further advancement of two-way opening-up have brought extensive
development prospects for investment and trading across different markets, time scales and regions.


                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          71
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



2.   Challenges facing the Company

      First, the diversified upgrade of clients’ demand has driven the transformation of industry competition
model to a comprehensive one, and the traditional organizational form and operational model of securities
firms are facing enormous challenges. Second, the in-depth application of new technologies such as mobile
Internet, big data and artificial intelligence has spawned new business forms. For example, the rise of new
communication means such as short videos and live broadcasts has changed the way to reach clients. The
ability to utilize technology has become the key for securities firms to shape differentiated competitive
advantages. Third, along with the deepening and advancement of capital market reform, there has been
higher requirements on the professional service capabilities and risk management capabilities of securities
firms. Meanwhile, it is still the general trend to impose strict industry supervision, posing increasing
pressure on the retention of talents, operation and management of securities firms. Fourth, there has been
advancement in the opening-up of finance. International financial institutions have accelerated their planning
in the Chinese market. Leveraging their global resources, mature client service models and flexible and rapid
innovation capabilities, they will pose impact on the relatively traditional business management mechanism
and client service model of the domestic securities industry.


3.   Development strategies of the Company

     From 2019 to 2023, the Company will uphold its strategic vision of “being client-oriented and
becoming the best investment bank in China with international competitiveness” and comply with the
overall requirements of “advocating quality first, prioritizing efficiency and maintaining moderate scale”,
so as to accomplish the strategic goal of “becoming one of the top five in the industry in terms of overall
competitiveness”. The Company will implement the “reform strategies” and strive to achieve high-quality
development and sustainable growth.
      The Company will adhere to the strategic principle of “expanding capital-light business while
strengthening capital-intensive business”, accelerate endogenous growth, intensify reform, transformation
and technological innovation, continuously improve its business model, optimize its business structure, and
enhance development momentum. During the planning period, upholding the client-oriented principle, the
Company will build a modern investment bank through “six enhancements”, and give play to the value-
driven role of investment bank. It will build a comprehensive wealth management service provider, and
consolidate the comprehensive service advantages of institutional clients. It will promote the integrated
development of capital business and service business, so as to enhance comprehensive financial service
capabilities. It will accelerate digital transformation and increase investment in financial technology, so as to
build a “technology-enabled” system. It will strengthen five core strategies including the integration of cross-
border services and the enhancement of cross-border business service capabilities, so as to provide clients with
one-stop comprehensive services and continuously improve overall competitiveness. Meanwhile, during the
planning period, the Company will focus on building the “five” core capabilities of risk control, technology,
talent cultivation, collaboration and capital, so as to support the sound development of each business of the
Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

72
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(III) Business plans

    For details, please refer to “Outlook for 2022” in “V. Operations of Principal Businesses during the
Reporting Period” in this chapter of this report.


(IV) Potential risks

     During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to explore new risk management practices and
approaches to ensure its long-term and sustainable development. Details of the risk management profile
and relevant measures in relation to the market risk, credit risk, operational risk, liquidity risk and other risks
during the business operation of the Company are as follows:


1.    Risk management

(1)   Risk management structure

     Since inception, the Company has been committed to establishing an innovative and insightful
risk management system that is aligned with its operation strategies and covers its core business lines
comprehensively. Sound corporate governance and effective risk management and internal control system
have been put in place to cope with the risks in the securities market faced by the Company.
      In accordance with the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Companies (《證券公司內部控制指
引》) and Enterprise Risk Management Standard of Securities Companies (《 證券公司全面風險管理規範》),
and taking into account its operational needs, the Company has taken the lead in establishing a five-level
risk management structure, consisting of strategic arrangements of the Board, supervision and inspection of
the Supervisory Committee, risk management decision of the senior management and the Risk Management
Committee, risk control and supervision of relevant departments in charge of risk management and the direct
management of other departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries.




                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               73
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     The chart below sets out the risk management organizational structure of the Company:
                               Risk Management Organizational Structure


                                                     Maximize Interests of Shareholders

                                                         Shareholders’ General Meeting


                                                         Strategic Arrangement and
                                                           Risk Appetite Approval
                                                                Board of Directors                          Supervision and Inspection
                                                                                                                          Supervisory
                                                                                                                          Committee
                                                         Risk Management Committee



                                                         Risk Management Decisions
                                                                 Management


                                                                Risk Management
                                                                    Committee


                                    Securities        Credit                       Capital     Investment Banking
                                   Investment          Risk
                                                                  Valuation
                                                                                 Commitment       Business Risk
                                   Committee        Committee
                                                                  Committee
                                                                                  Committee     Policy Committee


          Before Trading:
         Self-Management                                                                                                         Post Trading:
                                                 During Trading: Independent Risk Management                               Supervision and Evaluation

       Business                            Risk              Capital           Legal and         General                             Audit
                    Subsidiaries        Management         Management         Compliance                            ...
      Departments                                                                                 Office                           Department
                                        Department         Department         Department


     The overall risk management responsibilities of each department/position in the risk management
organizational structure of the Company are as follows:
     ①     The Board and its Risk Management Committee are responsible for reviewing and approving the
           overall risk management system, risk appetite, risk tolerance and various risk limit indicators of the
           Company, convening quarterly meetings to review quarterly risk reports and thoroughly assessing
           the risk management of the Company.
     ②     The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising and examining the operation of the
           overall risk management system of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

74
                                                Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     ③    The senior management is fully responsible for the risk management in the Company’s business
          operation. They regularly review risk assessment reports, formulate risk management measures
          and establish risk limit indicators. The Risk Management Committee was set up under the senior
          management as the highest risk management decision-making body at the operation level. The
          Company has also appointed a Chief Risk Officer to oversee the formation of the overall risk
          management system, monitor, evaluate and report the enterprise risk level, and provide risk
          management advice for business decision-making of the Company. In addition, the Securities
          Investment Committee, Credit Risk Committee, Valuation Committee, Capital Commitment
          Committee and Investment Banking Business Risk Policy Committee were set up under the Risk
          Management Committee and responsible for making collective decisions based on experts’
          suggestions on issues relating to securities investment, credit risk, securities valuation, capital
          risks and investment banking business risk within their respective scope of authorization. The risk
          management of subsidiaries is managed by the enterprise risk management system of the Company
          through vertical management approach. The person-in-charge of risk management of subsidiaries
          shall be nominated, appointed, removed and appraised by the Chief Risk Officer of the Company.
     ④    As the department in-charge of coordinating the Company’s management over market, credit
          and operational risks, the Risk Management Department is responsible for managing the market
          risks and credit risks, as well as assisting and guiding other business departments in managing
          operational risks of the Company. As the department in-charge of the liquidity risk management
          of the Company, the Capital Management Department is responsible for managing liquidity risks
          and the formation of the liquidity risk management system. The Legal and Compliance Department
          is responsible for managing the compliance and legal risks as well as money laundering risks of
          the Company and assisting the Chief Compliance Officer in reviewing, supervising and examining
          the compliance over the business operations and practice of the Company and its employees,
          and promoting the implementation of work in relation to anti-money laundering. The General
          Office is responsible for managing the reputational risks of the Company together with the Risk
          Management Department and other relevant departments. The Audit Department is responsible for
          auditing and examining the effectiveness and execution of the risk management procedures of the
          Company as well as conducting an overall evaluation of the internal control system of the Company
          at least once a year.
     ⑤    Each of the business departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company
          is directly responsible for risk management and supervision of their respective business and
          management fields.
     The Company has established a “three lines of defense” system of risk management to identify, assess,
address, monitor, inspect and report risks. The first line of defense is the departments and branches which
conduct effective self-regulated risk management; the second line of defense is the relevant risk-control
functions that carry out professional measures on risk management; and the third line of defense is the Audit
Department which focuses on inspecting and assessing risks after they occur.




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         75
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Risk management system

     Guided by the Enterprise Risk Management System of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證
券股份有限公司全面風險管理制度》) and the Rules of Procedures for Risk Management Committee of the
Board of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司董事會風險管理委員會工作規則》),
the Company has developed a risk management system that covers various risk exposures including overall,
market, credit, operational, liquidity, reputation and money laundering risks and specifies the boundaries and
general principles of each risk category.


(3)   Quantitative risk management indicator system

      The Company has established a quantitative risk management indicator system covering risk appetite,
risk tolerance, economic capital and risk limit, so as to prioritize businesses with higher risk-adjusted returns
for resources allocation. This approach has effectively improved the risk management and the corporate value
of the Company.
      ①    Coherent risk appetite and tolerance indicators: Risk appetite framework establishes the
           fundamental attitude of the Board and the senior management towards the balance between
           risk and return based on the analysis of various risk exposures of the Company. Risk tolerance is
           a quantitative limit indicator that reflects the effectiveness of risk management. According to the
           risk appetite, the Company has set risk tolerance indicators for each specific business line based on
           its characteristics to specify the maximum tolerance of the risk management. After years of effort,
           the Company has developed clear risk appetite descriptions covering risk types such as overall risk,
           market risk, credit risk, operational risk and liquidity risk, based on which a risk appetite indicator
           system and a risk tolerance indicator system were established. The Company sets its targets of risk
           appetite and risk tolerance at the beginning of each year and determines economic capital budget
           and business authorization accordingly. The Company monitors and reports risk appetite and risk
           tolerance on a monthly basis, and continuously reviews the risk management based on the results.
      ②    Scientific economic capital management model: The Company took the lead to introduce an
           economic capital management model in the securities industry in 2006, and kept on optimizing
           the methodologies on economic capital measurement and improving the economic capital
           management process. Our economic capital management covered market risk, credit risk and
           operational risk. The Company has developed internal models to measure market risk and credit
           risk of the economic capital that are sufficiently sensitive to risk factors and practically sound. It
           measured operational risks according to the standards under the Basel Accords. The measurement
           of economic capital is generally used in risk monitoring, quantitative assessment and performance
           assessment.
      ③    Business authorization management system with the core of risk limits: Within the statutory
           business scope, the Company granted business authorization at different levels based on the
           risk rating of the business. The Company granted authorization prudently based on the risk
           management capability, implementation of business authorization and actual risk management
           results of each business department, so as to improve decision-making efficiency while keeping the
           risks under control. Unauthorized operations are strictly prohibited. Authorized persons at each
           level must exercise their power and undertake business activities only within the authorized scope.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

76
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      ④    Comprehensive stress testing mechanism: The Company established the Administrative
           Measures for Stress Testing (《壓力測試管理辦法》), which specified the division of duties among
           departments in stress test and determined the methods and procedures of stress test. The Company
           conducts routine or ad hoc stress test on liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk, as well as net
           capital and other risk limit indicators, based on business and market development. With this
           approach, the Company can effectively evaluate changes in the operation and risk profiles under
           extreme circumstances.


(4)   Risk management culture

     The Company adheres to a sound risk management culture and has integrated risk control and
compliance into the corporate culture of China Merchants Securities, emphasizing that compliance and risk
control are the lifeline of the Company and proposing that “professional compliance and risk control can not
only hold the bottom line, but also facilitate business expansion”. The Company ensured all the employees
to exercise risk management through promotion platforms at different levels to promote its risk management
culture. The Company safeguarded the effectiveness of its comprehensive risk management system through a
performance appraisal system and an accountability mechanism which cover all employees and are linked to
the effectiveness of risk management.


(5)   Risk management IT system

     The Company fully understood the importance of IT system in modern risk management. With the
establishment of an innovative platform for intelligent integrated risk management of the Group with
reference to the experience drawn from international leading investment banks, the Company realized the
idea of vertically managing risks which were associated with cross-border businesses of the parent company
and its subsidiaries, globalization and multiple currencies in T+1 days.
      The platform for intelligent integrated risk management of the Group automatically captures, calculates
and integrates various basic data through construction of risk models, statistical analysis of historical data and
other methodologies, and realizes the accurate submission of various regulatory reports and the monitoring
and early warning of all risk limits of the parent company and its subsidiaries. By upgrading the internal
credit rating engine for bonds, the Company has launched an automated rating process and established a
mechanism for automatic adjustment and manual adjustment of rating results, fully ensuring the timeliness
and accuracy of the default risk measurement of entities. Through the establishment of a system of client
with negative information and a comprehensive risk management system, the Company has improved the risk
monitoring, tracking and early warning capabilities of the credit business, as well as the vertical management
capabilities of the parent company and its subsidiaries. Through the risk data collection of the Group, internal
and external data sources such as business data and information data can be integrated into each subject of
the risk data collection, thereby optimizing the functions of the data collection and verification platform and
the design of each level of the subject model of the collection, and realizing the integrated collection of risk
information of the parent company and its subsidiaries. Each subordinate risk management system which was
constructed based on the collected data integrates into one platform through a risk management and control
center, and thus allows single-point login and unifies access management, forming a unified risk control
perspective on the Company’s risk profile.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              77
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      The Group’s intelligent integrated risk management platform and each subordinate system have
industry-leading level of risk data governance. They have sound system scalability, and support the efficient
quantitative risk monitoring and consolidated vertical management of the parent company and subsidiaries
of the Group in T+1 days. This has significantly improved the efficiency of risk management, thereby laying a
solid foundation for the business development and innovation of the Company.


2.    Market risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The market risk of the Company is the risk of losses on its investment portfolio due to adverse changes
in market conditions. The investment portfolio of the Company includes portfolios covering equity, fixed-
income, commodity, foreign exchange and equity investment. Major market risks of the Company include:
      ①    equity risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in prices and volatility of equity
           securities such as stocks, stock portfolio and stock index futures;
      ②    interest rate risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to yield curve of fixed-income investment,
           interest rate movements and credit spreads;
      ③    commodity risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in spot commodity prices,
           forward commodity prices and volatility;
      ④    exchange rate risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in spot exchange rate, forward
           exchange rate and volatility;
      ⑤    equity investment risk: attributable to the risk exposure to changes in fair value of equity
           investment projects and private equity funds investment.


(2)   Market risk management approaches

      In order to manage the market risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    a comprehensive, multi-currency and cross-market risk management system;
      ②    generic and specific market risk management methods.
      Through these measures, the Company has robustly controlled the market risk. However, the usage
and effectiveness of such measures are subject to certain limitations and various factors, such as hedging
effectiveness, changes in market liquidity and relevance of hedging prices. Therefore, based on market
development and changes in the portfolio as well as real-time and accurate assessment of market risk, the
Company has continuously improved and adjusted the risk management measures to actively manage market
risk.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

78
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Responsibilities for managing market risk

      The Company collectively allocates the economic capital in accordance with a series of risk appetite
and tolerance indicators set by the Board. By considering the risk and return associated with each type of
investment and for the purpose of relevance and diversification, the Company allocates the overall risk
limitation to different business departments and business lines and formulates corresponding business
authorization. Directly confronted with the market risk, the front-office business departments are responsible
for risk management as the first line of defense. The person-in-charge and the investment manager conduct
trades and front-line risk management within the scope of authorization by virtue of their in-depth knowledge
and extensive experience in the relevant markets and products. They dynamically control the market risk
exposures to the securities held by the Company and actively take risk management measures to reduce
or hedge against such risks. The Risk Management Department, which is a department responsible for
supervision and management independent from the business departments and is headed by the Chief Risk
Officer, uses professional risk management tools and methods for controlling, evaluating and managing
different levels of market risk from investment strategies, business departments and business lines and the
Company. Different risk reports and analysis and assessment reports are delivered on a daily, monthly and
quarterly basis to the operation management and the responsible officers of the business departments and
business lines of the Company. When a risk indicator is approaching or exceeds the threshold values, the
Risk Management Department will send an early warning and risk warning to the operation management as
well as the responsible officers of the relevant business departments and business lines of the Company in
a timely manner. Based on the review opinions from the management of the Company and committee, the
business departments will be urged to take corresponding measures. The Risk Management Department will
continuously communicate with the respective business departments and business lines with regard to the
latest market conditions, current risk exposures and possible losses in extreme situations.


(4)   Measurement of market risk

      The Company uses a series of risk measurement approaches to measure and analyze potential market
risk losses under different market situations. The Company mainly employs VaR as the risk measurement
instrument to measure potential losses from regular market fluctuation in the short-term. Stress test is also
used to assess possible losses under extreme circumstances.
      ①    VaR
            The Company employs VaR, a common instrument used by international financial institutions, as
      its major tool for risk measurement. VaR analysis is a statistical technique that estimates the potential
      losses that could occur in portfolio positions due to movements in market prices over a specified time
      period and at a given level of confidence. The Company uses a VaR with a confidence level of 95% and
      a holding period of one day as a major indicator measuring the market risk. Historical market data is
      used in the VaR model. It also takes into account the impact of relevant risk factors in various risk types
      such as equity, interest rate, commodity and exchange rate on the portfolio position of the Company. In
      this way, movement in the market risk arising from changes in securities prices, interest rate, commodity
      prices and exchange rate, etc. can be measured and the diversified effects of the portfolio are also
      considered.
            With an ongoing expansion of the businesses, the Company continues to refine the VaR model,
      including adding risk factors in the new market and optimizing the computation. In addition, the
      Company examines the accuracy of the VaR computation model through methods such as a back-
      testing.

                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                             79
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



            For certain particular investment portfolio of the Company (such as equity investment including
      private equity investment, equity funds investment and structured equity investment) lack of liquidity,
      VaR may not be considered as an effective measure for risk calculation. Therefore, the Company has
      followed the industry practice to forecast the potential effect by assuming that the value of assets
      invested drops for a certain percentage.
      ②    Stress test
            Stress test is an integral and complementary instrument in the VaR risk measurement. Potential
      losses on the portfolio position under extreme circumstances were evaluated through stress test.
      Potential losses from a single risk factor or specific stressful circumstance were also assessed. Through
      analysis of risk and return, the Company examined the compliance of various key regulatory indicators as
      well as the bearing on the Company. For non-linear options portfolios, the Company established a stress
      test matrix based on the subject and the fluctuation ratio and conducted daily stress test so as to control
      significant tail risks.
      ③    Sensitivity analysis
             The Company has also conducted sensitivity analysis on certain risk factors, including interest rate
      and exchange rate, to analyze their potential effects by measuring the possible changes in the assets and
      liabilities portfolio when the specific risk factor is assumed to have changed by a certain rate while all
      other factors remain constant.


(5)   Market risk limit management system

      The Company has already established relevant risk limit indicator system in departments, business lines
and even trading strategies, in order to control the fluctuation of profit and loss and market risk exposure.
The risk limit of the Company is determined with reference to the risk appetite and tolerance after taking into
account the investment features, risks and effects on overall risk exposures of different operations. The risk
limit is adjusted based on the market environment, business development needs and risks of the Company.
      The risk limit of the Company mainly comprises size, concentration ratio, quantitative risk value
(including VaR and Greeks, etc.), stop-loss and other indicators. The Company has implemented a classified
review system and respective sub-limit indicators within the risk limit are applied to business departments,
business lines and investment managers. The operation management is able to effectively manage the overall
risk exposure of the Company with risk indicators at the Company level. Business departments, business
lines and investment managers are able to enter into transactions effectively within the scope of sub-
limit indicators. Sub-risk limit indicators, therefore, do not serve as risk tolerance of business but mainly a
mechanism which reports any increasing risks in risk management when certain conditions are fulfilled.
      The Risk Management Department independently monitors each risk limit of the Company on a daily
basis. The department will warn or remind the operation management, relevant business departments and
business lines in a timely manner if the risk limit is to be reached or is exceeded. Such business departments
and business lines will issue analysis reports and propose appropriate measures and, according to the specific
condition, reduce risk exposures or increase risk threshold based on the authorization system.
     The Company has continuously optimized the risk limit system and enriched the risk limit system for the
Company, business departments, business lines and trading strategies based on the existing indicators and
pursuant to the business development and risk management of the Company. Specific rules or guidelines have
been set up and the limit system was further optimized.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

80
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



3.    Credit risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The credit risk of the Company refers to the risk of economic loss caused by the failure of a borrower
or counterparty to fulfill their contractual obligations. Our credit risk arises primarily from the following four
businesses:
      ①    financing businesses such as securities lending, stock pledge repo and margin financing in which
           clients breach the contract and cannot repay the debts owed to the Company;
      ②    investment in bonds, trusts and other credit products in which the issuer or the borrower breaches
           the contract, generating the risk that the principal and the interest cannot be paid;
      ③    OTC derivatives business such as an equity return swap, interest rate swap, OTC option or
           forward contract in which the counterparties or the spot counterparties fail to fulfill their payment
           obligation;
      ④    brokerage business in which clients default after brokers trade and settle securities, futures and
           other financial products on behalf of the clients due to their lack of funds on the settlement date.


(2)   Credit risk management approaches

      In order to effectively control credit risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    prudent and proactive credit risk management culture;
      ②    an institutional system covering all stages and a risk policy system based on risk limits;
      ③    industry-leading credit risk management quantitative tools;
      ④    an internal credit rating system with the best practice in the industry;
      ⑤    full coverage of the substantive assessment of credit risk.
    The Company has adopted the following measures including credit risk limit, internal credit rating,
quantitative management of collaterals and credit risk measurement model to manage credit risk:
      ①    Credit risk limit
            The Company has adopted a classified credit risk limit system to control credit risk exposure. In
      accordance with the risk appetite and risk tolerance set by the Board, the Risk Management Department
      has monitored, reported and issued warning on the implementation of each limit indicator, including
      business scale limit, low-rating bonds investment ratio, the value of margin financing granted to a single
      client and the market value of a single collateral to total market value ratio, which were formulated
      based on credit features and subject to relevant adjustments based on market condition, business
      development needs and risk profile of the Company.
      ②    Internal credit rating
            The Company has developed several internal credit rating models and comprehensive internal
      credit rating systems based on the characteristics of different industries and target customers, to rate
      the credit standings of borrowers or bond issuers and their debts. Internal credit rating results are
      gradually employed in business authorization, limit forecast, limit approval, risk monitoring, asset quality
      management, etc. The internal credit rating has become an important instrument for credit business
      decisions and risk management.


                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              81
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      ③    Quantitative management of collaterals
            The Company has paid great attention to how the quality of collateral guarantees can protect our
      rights as a creditor. The Company has strengthened collateral management by establishing negative
      collateral lists mechanism and collateral conversion rate models and adjusting collateral types and
      conversion rate periodically. The adjustment mechanism on conversion rate is determined based on
      intrinsic value (financial statements) and market factors (market price fluctuation, increase, etc.). The
      Company has also founded a centralized collateral monitoring mechanism and key collaterals assessment
      mechanism.
      ④    Credit risk measurement model
             The Company has taken into account each credit transaction with factors such as client mix, single
      liability amount, duration of borrowing, collateral coverage ratio and concentration of collaterals when
      conducting credit rating, borrower qualification assessment and collateral quantitative management
      on its counterparties. The aforementioned factors will be reflected as parameters such as probability
      of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and maturity (M) to calculate the possible default loss for each
      credit transaction. Hence, the credit risk measurement model reflects the aggregate credit risk of the
      Company and is adjusted based on risk calculation by stress testing and sensitivity analysis.


(3)   Responsibilities for managing credit risk

      The Risk Management Committee of the Board is responsible for the review and approval of credit
risk appetite. The Risk Management Committee of the Company is responsible for the review of overall risk
management on credit business and development of major high-risk and innovative credit business. The Risk
Management Committee of the Company and its Credit Risk Committee are responsible for the approval
for the loan provision policy. All business departments of the Company are responsible for the particular
operation, management and monitoring of credit-related business. The Risk Management Department of the
Company is responsible for the research and establishment of credit risk management system, determination
of credit risk appetite and tolerance, formulation of loan provision policy of the Company and independent
monitoring and warning on credit risk.


(4)   Credit risk management on principal businesses

      For margin financing and securities lending, stock pledge repo, stock repurchase business and other
financing businesses, the Company has established a multi-faceted business approval management system
and a sound full-process risk management system covering all stages in advance of, during and after an event
by virtue of client due diligence, credit approval, post-loan evaluation, approval of and dynamic adjustment to
collaterals, mark-to-market system, forced liquidation and disposal on default.
      For investment businesses such as bond investment, trust products and other credit products, the Group
has implemented access management for investable bonds by establishing a bond pool. Bonds entering
the pool must be assessed by professional credit assessors and comply with internal and external credit
rating access standards, industry access standards, product access standards and financial access standards.
Concentration risk is controlled through investment graded approval and authorization, and the latest risk
information of issuers is monitored in real time through the public opinion monitoring system.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

82
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     For OTC derivatives trading business, the Company has formulated a set of management measures
and rules in relation to the appropriateness of investors, due diligence, approval for credit extension,
rules for measurement of potential risk exposure, margin collection and mark-to-market, liquidation
disposal, underlying securities management and follow-up on default of clients, in order to strengthen the
management before, during and after trading.
     For brokerage business, the Company has controlled the risk of default of clients through indicators
such as the minimum rating of the underlying bonds, position concentration and leverage ratio for brokerage
business that may be responsible for guaranteed settlement. With regard to the trading of securities and
other financial products for overseas clients, the Company has effectively controlled the relevant credit risk by
strengthening the management over credit grant and client deposits.


(5)   Risk exposure of the Company’s investment in onshore and offshore bonds at the end of the
      Reporting Period

                                                                                               Unit: RMB10,000

                                                               December 31, 2021          December 31, 2020

       Onshore bonds

       PRC sovereign bonds                                              11,553,369                   8,773,453

       AAA                                                               6,804,459                   5,701,097

       AA+                                                                 751,827                     720,649

       AA                                                                  192,141                     183,353

       AA-                                                                         0                       747

       Below AA-                                                              4,102                      4,086

       A-1                                                                   79,804                     94,130

       Non-rated                                                           134,428                     290,737

       Sub-total                                                        19,520,130                 15,768,252

       Offshore bonds

       PRC sovereign bonds                                                         0                       340

       A                                                                     24,180                     16,692

       B                                                                   119,624                     338,927

       C                                                                          —                          —

       D                                                                          —                          —

       Non-rated                                                              9,846                      3,521

       Sub-total                                                           153,650                     359,480

       Total                                                            19,673,780                 16,127,732




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                             83
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      Note 1: The above data is provided on a consolidated basis;
      Note 2: PRC sovereign bonds represent the rating of bonds issued by the government of the PRC. AAA~AA-
              and below AA- represent debt ratings. If there is no debt rating, issuer rating would be used instead,
              where AAA is the highest rating, and A-1 is the highest rating for short-term financing bonds. Non-
              rated represents that the credit rating agency has not rated the issuer or debt.
              Credit rating of offshore bonds were derived from the lowest of Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch
              Rating, if any. The bonds, which are not rated by the above agencies, are classified as Non-rated.
              Including in A rating are the bonds comprising Aaa~A3 rating of Moody’s, AAA~A- rating of Standard
              & Poor’s and AAA~A- rating of Fitch; including in B rating are the bonds comprising Baa1~B3 rating of
              Moody’s, BBB+~B- rating of Standard & Poor’s and BBB+~B- rating of Fitch; including in C rating are
              the bonds comprising Caa1~C rating of Moody’s, CCC+~C rating of Standard & Poor’s and CCC+~C
              rating of Fitch; and including in D rating are the bonds comprising D rating of Standard & Poor’s and
              D rating of Fitch.


4.    Operational risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     Operational risk refers to the risk arising from imperfect or problematic internal procedures, employees,
systems or external events.
     Operational risk events mainly include the following seven categories: internal fraud, external fraud,
employment policy and safety of working environment, customers, products and business activities, damage
of physical assets, interruption of business operation and shutdown of IT system, and execution, settlement
and process management.


(2)   Operational risk management

      Operational risk management has been the focus among all types of risk management. Through
development of mechanisms such as prior coordination, whole process monitoring and information collection
after loss from operational risks, a refined operational risk management cycle has been established. In order
to effectively manage operational risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    The Company has established comprehensive systems for operational risk management in
           accordance with the New Basel Accord and our strategic development needs, and effectively led
           the operation of various businesses through measurement and allocation of operational risk-based
           economic capital;
      ②    The Company has established a scientific system on the basis of operational risk appetite, tolerance
           and management policy. The Company improved the operational risk governance structure in a
           dynamic way;
      ③    The Company has established a system of pre-risk identification and assessment covering all
           business procedures of all units, subsidiaries and branches by using operational risk and self-
           assessment management tools with procedure rationalization as the focus, facilitating the
           formation of an operational risk manual;




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

84
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      ④   The Company has continued to set up a system of key indicators of operational risk to further
          enhance operational risk monitoring based on risk-prone areas of different business features
          and operations by formulating risk management standards and conducting management by
          classification;
      ⑤   By using operational risk events and loss data collection management tools, the Company
          collected and summarized the internal and external operational risk events encountered by each
          of our businesses, analyzed reasons of the events and formulated alleviation plans, as well as
          strengthened the following-up of and improvements in the operational risk events;
      ⑥   The Company paid great attention to the control of substantive risks, and carried out various
          special operational risk inspections and management improvements focusing on areas with high
          and frequent operational risks according to the characteristics of different businesses;
      ⑦   The Company has promoted the systematic application of three major operational risk
          management tools on risk identification and assessment, risk monitoring and events collecting and
          reporting by establishing an operational risk system, so as to effectively improve the efficiency of
          the Company’s operational risk management and its management standard;
      ⑧   The Company paid great attention to the training and promotion of culture relating to operational
          risk management. The Company emphasized the importance of conducting risk identification and
          control before introducing innovative products and innovative businesses. Through various kinds of
          trainings and promotions, operational risk management covers all the departments and branches of
          the Company.


5.    Liquidity risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The Company’s exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from failure to obtain sufficient funds at
reasonable costs and in a timely manner to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy
other capital needs for normal business operation. If there are material and adverse changes in operating
condition in the future and the Company is not able to maintain its gearing ratio at a reasonable level, and its
operation experiences unusual changes, it may not be able to repay the principal of, or interest on, relevant
debts in full when due.
     Possible liquidity risk events and factors of the Company include cash flow strains, persistent high
financing costs, downgraded regulatory rating, blocked financing channels and difficulties in servicing
concentrated mature debts.


(2)   Responsibilities for managing liquidity risk

       The management of the Company is responsible for reviewing the significant event on liquidity risk
management and making related decision, and a treasury operating mechanism for centralized management
and control of liquidity risk has been established, and the Capital Management Department is responsible
for daily risk management of liquidity of the Company. The Company conducts dynamic management of
the funding scale for each business and formulates financing plans by taking into account of factors such as
liabilities and business development of the Company as well as the market condition.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            85
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Liquidity risk management approaches

      In order to prevent liquidity risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    The Company has established high-quality current asset reserves and a minimum excess reserve
           quota system. It has formulated liquidity contingency plans to store minimum excess reserve in the
           capital plan and reserved treasury bonds, policy financial bonds and other highly liquid assets which
           can be liquidated at any time under extreme circumstances to cover unexpected expenses;
      ②    The Company has actively developed management for financing gaps. By using management tools
           such as a cash flow gap, sensitivity analysis and stress testing, it can identify potential risks at
           an early stage and arrange financing and adjust the pace of fund usage for business purposes in
           advance so as to effectively manage the payment risk;
      ③    The Company has continuously expanded its financing channels and balanced the distribution of
           debt maturity so as to avoid the payment risk caused by a single financing channel or servicing
           mature debts;
      ④    The Company has established an internal risk reporting system to promptly monitor the liquidity
           risk in the operation of each business and at each branch. In addition, it has taken measures to
           promote the safety, soundness and sustainability of the aforementioned operations.


6.    Reputational risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The reputational risk of the Company refers to the risk of formation of negative opinion on the Company
by investors, issuers, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory organizations, the public and the media as a result
of the business act or external events of the Company and the violation of integrity requirements, professional
ethics, business norms, rules and regulations by the staff, thereby damaging the Company’s brand value,
posing detrimental impact to its normal operations and even affecting market stability and social stability.


(2)   Reputational risk management

     In terms of reputational risk management, the Company has continuously improved the standards
of various financial services, actively fulfilled social responsibilities, maintained good customer satisfaction
and market image, cultivated a sound reputational risk management culture, established the awareness
of reputational risk prevention among all employees, actively prevented reputational risks and addressed
reputation incidents, and prevented the escalation of general reputation incidents into major reputation
incidents, so as to minimize reputation loss and reduce negative impacts.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

86
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



7.   Dynamic monitoring over risk control indicators and the establishment of a mechanism on
     capital replenishment

     The Company strictly implements the relevant requirements of regulatory authorities and has established
dynamic monitoring over risk control indicators and replenishment mechanism on net capital and liquidity,
covering system establishment, arrangement and staff deployment, to ensure that the risk control indicators
are within the supervision limit consistently, and the details are as follows:
      The Company has established a monitoring system over risk control indicators, achieving T+1 dynamic
monitoring and automatic advance warning functions over all risk control indicators. The Company has
formulated the “Management Method of Risk Control Indicators” (《風險控制監管指標管理辦法》) and
“Administrative Measures for Stress Testing” (《壓力測試管理辦法》) to formally set up the mechanism for
the management of risk control indicators and stress tests over the indicators. The Company has designated
staff to perform regular monitoring over the risk control indicators and immediately report abnormalities.
The Company has set up a net capital replenishment mechanism and replenished net capital through, among
others, equity financing and issuance of subordinated debts based on the stress tests and analysis of the risk
control indicators over a period of time.
     During the Reporting Period, all risk control indicators including net capital and liquidity of the Company
continuously satisfied the regulatory requirements and the Company has not recorded any non-compliance
with the regulatory requirements. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the net capital of the Company
amounted to RMB72.735 billion.


(V) Others

1.   Analysis of the impact of COVID-19

     In 2021, the Company persisted in normalizing COVID-19 prevention and control, implemented targeted
prevention and control measures, formulated a work plan for graded emergency response of COVID-19
prevention and control, and effectively operated a scientific, efficient and precise COVID-19 prevention and
control mechanism to earnestly safeguard the Company’s normal operation and employees’ health and safety.
COVID-19 did not have any material adverse impact on the Company’s business operations and finance. In
2022, the Company will continue to implement various COVID-19 prevention measures, pay close attention
to the development of COVID-19, and take effective measures to reduce its impact on the Company’s
operations.


2.   Investment in compliance and risk control

     In 2021, the Company invested RMB580 million for compliance and risk control, accounted for 3.08%
of the operating income of the parent company in 2020, and invested RMB1.192 billion for information
technology, accounted for 6.32% of the operating income of the parent company in 2020.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            87
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report


I.    Overview of Corporate Governance

      The Company, being a company listed in the PRC and Hong Kong, manages its operation in strict
compliance with the laws, regulations and normative documents of the, domestic and overseas, places where
its shares are listed, and strives to protect and enhance its market presence. The Company continues to
improve its corporate governance structure in compliance with the Company Law, the Securities Law and the
regulations and requirements of the CSRC, SFC and Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The corporate governance
of the Company complies with the applicable requirements of the laws and regulations. The Company has
established a corporate governance structure consisting of the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board, the
Supervisory Committee and the management with separate duties and effective checks and balances in order
to maintain regulated corporate governance and operation. The corporate governance structure is sound and
does not deviate from relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities from where the Company’s shares
are listed.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly complied with the Corporate Governance Code under
Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (hereinafter referred to as the “Code”). The Company satisfied
all provisions and substantially all of the recommended best practices under the Code.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company held one shareholders’ general meeting to consider 13
resolutions; seven Board meetings to consider 36 resolutions and listen to 7 reports; 17 special meetings
of committees under the Board to consider 40 resolutions and listen to or review 13 reports; as well as five
meetings of the Supervisory Committee to consider 14 resolutions and listen to 4 reports.


(I)   Shareholders and shareholders’ general meetings

       The shareholders’ general meeting is the highest institution of authority of the Company which allows
shareholders to exercise their powers. The Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general meetings in
strict compliance with the relevant rules, including the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures for
Shareholders’ General Meetings, to ensure that all of the shareholders, especially minority shareholders, are
treated fairly to fully exercise their rights.
      The de facto controller of the Company exercises its rights according to the applicable laws, regulations
and the Articles of Association, and does not interfere directly or indirectly in the decision-making or
operating activities of the Company beyond the authority of the shareholders’ general meeting, occupy the
funds of the Company or request the provision of any guarantee from the Company in favor of itself or other
parties. The de facto controller of the Company is not involved in the personnel, assets, finance, organizations
and business of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

88
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Directors and the Board

      The appointment and replacement of Directors of the Company are in strict compliance with the Articles
of Association, and the number of Directors and composition of the Board fulfill the requirement of laws and
regulations. The Board refines its rules of procedures from time to time and the convening, holding and voting
procedures of the Board meetings are legal and effective. The Board has set up five committees, including
the Strategy Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and
Appraisal Committee and the Nomination Committee, and formulated rules, clear division of authorities of
each committee, decision-making procedures and rules of procedures. The Company has set up a work system
of independent Directors, which can protect the interests of the Company and shareholders independently
and objectively and ensure effective checks and balances during the decision-making process of the Board. In
addition, the Company has set up a system of secretary to the Board. The secretary to the Board is responsible
for the preparation of shareholders’ general meetings, Board meetings and meetings of committees under
the Board, the filing of minutes and documents of the meetings, information disclosure and management of
investor relations.
      The Company believes that the diversified composition of the Board is the key factor in achieving its
strategic targets and sustainable development, and has formulated the Policy of Diversified Composition
of the Board (《董事多元化政策》) which provides that the composition of the Board shall be diversified in
terms of gender, age, culture and educational background, professional experiences, skill, knowledge and
term of office. The nomination of the members of the Board shall be carried out in accordance with the
principle of merit, and shall fully consider the diversity of the composition of the Board. The Nomination
Committee reports the diversity of the composition of the Board in each annual report. It is also responsible
for supervising the implementation of the Policy of Diversified Composition of the Board, reviewing the same
when necessary to ensure its effectiveness and revising the same when appropriate.




                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          89
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



1.   Composition of the Board

      The Company has a Board accountable to the shareholders’ general meeting. According to the Articles
of Association, the Board shall consist of 15 directors. As of the date of this report, the Board of the Company
consists of 13 Directors, one of whom is an executive Director, seven of whom are non-executive Directors
and five of whom are independent non-executive Directors (among whom, WONG Ti (汪棣), an independent
non-executive Director, has resigned on June 10, 2019, and continued to perform his duties until a new
independent non-executive director be appointed). The Company attaches great importance to Board
diversity. The Board of the Company consists of two female members. In terms of academic qualifications,
there are eight members with a master’s degree and two members with a doctorate degree. In terms of
professions, the executive Director has long been engaged in the securities industry and has extensive
management experience and professional capabilities. The non-executive Directors have held important
positions in companies in the financial, transportation, insurance and other industries. The independent non-
executive Directors have extensive experience in finance, economics, auditing, law and other fields, thus can
provide professional advice to the Company in respect of different fields. The Directors are elected at the
shareholders’ general meetings and serve for a term of three years. Directors are eligible for re-elections upon
the expiry of their terms of office. Independent non-executive Directors shall not hold office for more than six
consecutive years. Please see “Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” in this chapter of this report for
the composition of the Board and the biographies of the Directors of the Company.
      The Board complies the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that the board of directors shall
comprise at least three independent non-executive directors, representing at least one-third of the board of
directors. The composition and qualifications of the five independent non-executive Directors of the Company
fully comply with the requirements under Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10(A) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. In
addition, the Company has received annual confirmation letters from each of the independent non-executive
Directors prepared according to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with regard to their independence.
Therefore, the Company confirms that all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have fulfilled
the independence requirement under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

90
                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



2.   Duties and responsibilities of the Board

       The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and shall be accountable to the shareholders’
general meeting. According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall exercise the following major
functions and powers: to convene shareholders’ general meetings and to report to the shareholders’ general
meetings; to implement the resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings; to determine business
operation plans and investment plans of the Company; to formulate annual preliminary and final financial
budgets of the Company; to formulate the profit distribution plans and plans for recovery of losses of the
Company; to formulate proposals of the Company regarding increase or reduction of the registered capital,
issuance of bonds or other securities and listing; to formulate plans for any substantial acquisition by the
Company, repurchase of shares or merger, division, dissolution and change of form of the Company; to
determine the repurchase of the Company’s shares in accordance with the circumstances stated in Article
31(III), (V) and (VI) of the Articles of Association; to decide on matters relating to the Company’s external
investments, acquisitions or disposal of assets, mortgage of assets, external guarantees, entrusted wealth
management and connected/related party transactions as authorized by the shareholders’ general meetings;
to decide on the establishment of the Company’s internal management structure; to appoint or dismiss the
Company’s general manager and secretary to the Board; based on the nominations of general manager,
to appoint or dismiss deputy general manager, Chief Finance Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk
Officer, Chief Information Officer and other senior management and to determine their remuneration,
rewards and penalties; to formulate the basic management policies of the Company; to formulate proposals
for any amendments to the Articles of Association; to manage the disclosure of information of the Company;
to propose to the shareholders’ general meetings the adjustment of the size and composition of the Board;
to propose to the shareholders’ general meetings the appointment or change of the accounting firm acting
as the auditors of the Company; to listen to the work report of the general manager of the Company and
examine on the general manager’s work; to determine the compliance management objectives of the
Company and assume responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management; to examine and
approve the basic system of compliance management; to examine and approve the annual compliance report;
to ensure the independence of the Chief Compliance Officer, establish a direct communication mechanism
with the Chief Compliance Officer and safeguard the smooth reporting between the Chief Compliance
Officer and the regulatory authorities; to evaluate the effectiveness of compliance management and urge
to solve the problems existing in compliance management; to assume the ultimate responsibility for overall
risk management, promote the construction of risk culture, review and approve the basic system of overall
risk management, risk appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company, review regular risk
assessment report of the Company, and establish a direct communication mechanism with the Chief Risk
Officer. The Board may authorize its risk management related professional committees to perform part of
its overall risk management responsibilities; to review information technology management objectives of
the Company and assume the responsibility for the effectiveness of information technology management;
to review the information technology strategy and ensure it is consistent with the growth strategy, risk
management strategy and capital strength of the Company; to establish a manpower and capital guarantee
plan for information technology; to evaluate the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the annual information
technology management work; and other duties and powers granted by the laws, administrative rules,
departmental regulations or the Articles of Association.




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           91
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

       The appointment and replacement of Supervisors of the Company are in strict compliance with the
Articles of Association, and the number of Supervisors and composition of the Supervisory Committee
fulfill the requirement of laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee constantly improves its Rules of
Procedures, and the convening, holding and voting procedures of the Supervisory Committee are legal and
effective. The Supervisory Committee shall report to the shareholders’ general meeting and is accountable to
all shareholders. It is responsible for maintaining effective supervision on the finance of the Company as well
as the compliance of duty performance of the Board and management. The Supervisors shall perform their
duties, including attending the meetings of the Supervisory Committee, observing the meetings of the Board
and reporting their work at the shareholders’ general meeting in accordance with the relevant requirements.
     The Supervisory Committee consists of nine Supervisors, including six shareholder representative
Supervisors and three employee representative Supervisors. The shareholder representative Supervisors and
the employee representative Supervisors are democratically elected at the shareholders’ general meetings and
by employee representatives, respectively, for a term of three years and are eligible for re-election upon expiry
of their terms of office. For details of the composition of the Supervisory Committee and the biographies
of the Supervisors, please see “Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” in this chapter.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

92
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(IV) Senior management

     The Company strictly complies with the Articles of Association in relation to the appointment and
replacement of senior management. The senior management of the Company shall be appointed based on
the procedures in compliance with the Company Law and Articles of Association. The general manager of
the Company shall be accountable to the Board. The Strategy Execution Committee, the Risk Management
Committee, the IT Management Committee, the Innovative Development Committee, the Investment Banking
Committee, the Collaborative Committee and the Confidentiality Committee have been set up under the
management of the Company to enhance the professionalism, compliance and scientificity of the decision-
making ability of the management.
      According to the Articles of Association, the management consists of the general manager, the deputy
general managers, the secretary to the Board, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer, the
Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Information Officer and other personnel approved by the resolutions of the
Board as senior management. The general manager is in charge of the business management, and shall be
accountable to the Board and perform the following duties: to be in charge of the operation and management
of the Company, organize the execution of the resolutions of the Board and report his work to the Board;
to prepare and implement the annual operation plan and investment plan of the Company; to formulate the
internal management structure of the Company; to formulate the basic management system of the Company;
to formulate rules and regulations for the Company; to propose to the Board the appointment or dismissal
of the deputy general managers, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief
Information Officer and other senior management (other than the secretary to the Board); to appoint or
dismiss management members other than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board; and to
perform other duties delegated by the Articles of Association or the Board.


(V) Chairman and general manager

      For the purpose of balancing power and authority, the roles of chairman and general manager of the
Company shall be separated to enhance the independence of their duties, accountability and balanced
division of power and authority, and to fully exercise the decision makers’ extensive supervision and control
over the executive officers. There is a clear division between the roles of chairman and the general manager.
According to the Articles of Association, the chairman shall be the legal representative of the Company who
is responsible for managing the operation of the Board to ensure that the Directors act in the best interests
of the Company. The chairman shall also ensure the effectiveness and the performance of the duties of
the Board, and that the Board discusses all significant and appropriate matters such that the Directors can
obtain accurate, timely and clear information. The general manager shall be in charge of the daily work of
the Company, observe Board meetings, report to the Board, and exercise his power pursuant to the scope of
authorization of the general manager.


(VI) Liability insurances for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company

     As authorized in the sixth extraordinary general meeting of the Company for 2015, the Company has
maintained liability insurances for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other relevant
personnel. Insurance coverage has been provided for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
Company against potential liabilities to reasonably avoid management and legal risks faced by the Directors,
Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to facilitate the full discharge of duties by the
Directors, Supervisors and senior management.


                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         93
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(VII) Party Committee

      The Company has established a Party Committee. The Party Committee shall perform the leadership
functions to provide directions, manage overall situations and promote implementation. The Party Committee
consists of one secretary, one vice secretary and other several members. Eligible Party Committee members
may be appointed as members of the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the management team of the
Company through legal procedures, while eligible Party members from the Board, the Supervisory Committee
and the management team of the Company may be appointed as members of the Party Committee
pursuant to relevant requirements and procedures. The Company has also established a Discipline Inspection
Commission in accordance with relevant regulations. The Company has established the working organs of the
Party, equipped them with sufficient staff to deal with Party affairs and provided them with sufficient funds to
operate the Party organization. The organic combination between the Party’s leadership and the governance
of the Company has promoted the scientific decision-making and high-quality development of the Company.


(VIII) Information disclosure and transparency

      The Company has formulated several information disclosure systems, including the Information
Disclosure System (《信息披露制度》), Material Information Internal Report System (《重大信息內部報告制度》),
Confidentiality System of Inside Information (《 內幕信息保密制度》), Registration System for Persons with
Inside Information (《內幕信息知情人登記制度》), Investor Relations Management System (《投資者關係管理制
度》), Accountability System for Major Mistakes Disclosed in Annual Reports (《年報信息披露重大差錯責任追
究制度》), Annual Report Work System for the Independent Directors (《獨立董事年報工作制度》) and Annual
Report Work Procedures for the Audit Committee Under the Board (《 董事會審計委員會年報工作規程》).
The secretary to the Board is responsible for the information disclosure and investor relations. The Company
discloses information truthfully, accurately, completely and promptly and ensures all shareholders can have
equal opportunities for obtaining information in accordance with the requirements of the laws, regulations
and the Articles of Association. The Company discloses the information of the substantial shareholders and
the changes in shareholding according to the related requirements. Other than the information disclosure
channels required by the laws, the Company mainly communicates with investors by phone, e-mail, Internet
platform, reception of visitors and participating in investor meetings.


(IX) Stakeholders

     The Company fully respects and protects the rights and interests of the creditors, customers, employees
and other stakeholders. Efforts are also made to ensure the sustainable and healthy development of the
Company in pursuit of a win-win situation between the Company and its stakeholders as well as to maximize
the effectiveness of its social contribution.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

94
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



II.   Specific Measures Regarding the Undertakings of Controlling Shareholder
      and De Facto Controller on Independence of Assets, Personnel, Finance,
      Organization and Business of the Company, and Solution, Progress and
      Plans for Subsequent Works

     The Company manages its operation in strict compliance with the Company Law, the Articles of
Association and other laws, regulations and rules, and is independent from the controlling shareholder in
terms of assets, personnel, finance, organization and business with an independent and complete business
system and independent operation capabilities.
      1. In terms of assets, the Company has a clear property right relationship with the controlling
shareholder, and has complete and independent legal person assets. The Company has complete control over
all of its assets, and there is no situation where assets and funds are being appropriated by the controlling
shareholder and damages the interests of the Company.
      2. In terms of personnel, the Company has developed a comprehensive system regarding the
management of personnel and remuneration, and established an independent human resources management
department that manages personnel and remuneration independent from the controlling shareholder. The
Company has an independent team of employees, and its Directors, Supervisors and senior management
are legally appointed in accordance with the Company Law, the Articles of Association and relevant laws,
regulations and rules. Senior management of the Company serves and receives remuneration from the
Company, and does not hold any position other than director and supervisor in the controlling shareholder
and its subsidiaries.
     3. In term of finance, the Company has an independent finance and accounting department with
dedicated finance personnel, and established an independent accounting system and regulated financial
management system to make financial decisions independently. The Company has independent bank
accounts, and completes tax registration and fulfills its tax obligations independently according to the laws.
There is no sharing of bank account or tax paid in mix with those of the controlling shareholder.
     4. In terms of organization, the Company has established a sound organizational system that meets its
operational needs. The system operates independently and stably without any subordination to departments
of the controlling shareholder.
     5. In terms of business, the Company has an independent and comprehensive business system. The
Company conducts its businesses, audits and decision-making independently, and assumes liabilities and risks
independently without reliance on the controlling shareholder or any other related parties.




                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          95
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



III. Shareholders’ General Meetings

                                            Website
                                          designated
                             Date of        for the     Disclosure date
        Meeting                                                                      Resolutions of meeting
                             meeting       disclosure   of resolutions
                                               of
                                          resolutions

                                                                          The following resolutions were considered
                                                                          and approved at the meeting: (1) resolution
                                                                          regarding the working report of the Board of the
                                                                          Company for 2020; (2) resolution regarding the
                                                                          working report of the Supervisory Committee of
                                                                          the Company for 2020; (3) resolution regarding
                                                                          the duty report of independent directors of the
                                                                          Company for 2020; (4) resolution regarding
                                                                          the annual report of the Company for 2020;
                                                                          (5) resolution regarding the final accounting
                                                                          report of the Company for 2020; (6) resolution
                                                                          regarding the profit distribution plan of the
                                                                          Company for 2020; (7) resolution regarding
                                          Hong Kong
                                                                          the budget for proprietary investment of the
 2020 Annual General                      Stock
                           June 4, 2021                 June 4, 2021      Company for 2021; (8) resolution regarding the
 Meeting                                  Exchange
                                                                          engagement of the auditors of the Company for
                                          website
                                                                          2021; (9) resolution regarding the contemplated
                                                                          ordinary related party transactions of the
                                                                          Company for 2021; (10) resolution regarding
                                                                          the provision of guarantees by China Merchants
                                                                          Securities International Company Limited and
                                                                          its wholly-owned subsidiaries; (11) resolution
                                                                          regarding the Shareholders’ Return Plan (2021-
                                                                          2023) of the Company; (12) resolution regarding
                                                                          the election of Mr. LIU Weiwu as a non-executive
                                                                          Director of the seventh session of the Board of
                                                                          the Company; and (13) resolution regarding the
                                                                          General Mandate to issue additional H Shares of
                                                                          the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

96
                                                                                         Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



IV. Information about Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

(I)       Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: share

                                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                   Number        Number         Changes                      remuneration
                                                                    Term               Term        of shares     of shares       (+/-) in                      from the        Remuneration
                                                                                                                                              Reason for
      Name            Position (Notes)          Gender    Age   commencement         expiration   held at the   held at the   shareholdings                Company during       from related
                                                                                                                                               changes
                                                                    date               date       beginning     end of the     during the                    the Reporting         parties
                                                                                                  of the year      year           year                      Period (before
                                                                                                                                                           tax) (RMB10,000)
 HUO Da (霍達)      Chairman of the Board,        Male     53     May 2017         October 2023               –             –              –             –            388.41     No
                  executive Director
 LIU Weiwu        Non-executive Director        Male     57     June 2021        October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 (劉威武)
 SU Min (蘇敏)      Non-executive Director        Female   53     June 2016        October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 PENG Lei (彭磊)    Non-executive Director        Female   49     August 2007      October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 GAO Hong         Non-executive Director        Male     53     March 2020       October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 (高宏)
 HUANG Jian       Non-executive Director        Male     52     August 2012      October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 (黃堅)
 WANG Daxiong     Non-executive Director        Male     61     September 2016   October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 (王大雄)
 WANG Wen         Non-executive Director        Male     52     July 2019        October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 (王文)
 XIANG Hua        Independent non-              Male     50     July 2017        July 2023                  –             –              –             –                20     Yes
 (向華)             executive Director
 XIAO Houfa       Independent non-              Male     54     July 2017        July 2023                  –             –              –             –                20     Yes
 (肖厚發)            executive Director
 XIONG Wei        Independent non-              Male     46     August 2017      August 2023                –             –              –             –                20     No
 (熊偉)             executive Director
 HU Honggao       Independent non-              Male     67     July 2017        July 2023                  –             –              –             –                20     No
 (胡鴻高)            executive Director
 WONG Ti (汪棣)     Independent non-              Male     63     January 2018     –                          –             –              –             –                20     No
                  executive Director (Note 1)
 ZHOU Linda Lei   Chairman of the               Female   53     July 2014        October 2023               –             –              –             –               316     No
 (周語菡)            Supervisory Committee
 LI Xiaofei       Shareholder                   Male     51     July 2014        October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 (李曉霏)            representative Supervisor
 WANG             Shareholder                   Male     49     June 2017        October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 Zhangwei         representative Supervisor
 (王章為)
 MA Yunchun       Shareholder                   Male     53     June 2017        October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     Yes
 (馬蘊春)            representative Supervisor
 ZHANG Zhen       Shareholder                   Male     57     January 2020     October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     No
 (張震)             representative Supervisor
 ZOU Qun          Shareholder                   Male     55     January 2020     October 2023               –             –              –             –                 –     No
 (鄒群)             representative Supervisor



                                                                                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                        97
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



                                                                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                                                   Number        Number         Changes                          remuneration
                                                                     Term              Term        of shares     of shares       (+/-) in                          from the       Remuneration
                                                                                                                                              Reason for
      Name            Position (Notes)        Gender       Age   commencement        expiration   held at the   held at the   shareholdings                    Company during      from related
                                                                                                                                               changes
                                                                     date              date       beginning     end of the     during the                        the Reporting        parties
                                                                                                  of the year      year           year                          Period (before
                                                                                                                                                               tax) (RMB10,000)
 YIN Hongyan      Employee representative     Female   50        August 2007     October 2023               –             –              –             –                140.91    No
 (尹虹艷)            Supervisor
 HE Min (何敏)      Employee representative     Female   46        July 2009       October 2023               –             –              –             –                 93.26    No
                  Supervisor
 SHEN Weihua      Employee representative     Female   51        January 2020    October 2023               –             –              –             –                115.19    No
 (沈衛華)            Supervisor
 WU Zongmin       President                   Male     56        January 2022    January 2025               –             –              –             –                     –    No
 (吳宗敏)
 LI Zongjun       Vice President              Male     56        July 2015       Note 2                     –             –              –             –                280.60    No
 (李宗軍)
 WU Huifeng       Secretary to the Board      Male     47        December 2014   October 2023               –             –              –             –                280.69    No
 (吳慧峰)
                  Vice President                                 November 2018   Note 2
 ZHAO Bin         Vice President              Male     52        November 2018   Note 2                     –             –              –             –                280.69    No
 (趙斌)
 HU Yu            Chief Compliance            Male     57        December 2018   Note 2                     –             –              –             –                247.99    No
 (胡宇)             Officer, Chief Risk
                  Officer
 ZHANG Qing       Vice President              Male     50        March 2021      March 2024                 –             –              –             –                109.46    No
 (張慶)
 SU Jian (粟健)     Non-executive Director      Male     49        June 2017       April 2021                 –             –              –             –                     –    Yes
                  (Resigned)
 XIONG            Non-executive Director      Male     54        December 2014   January 2022               –             –              –             –                     –    Yes
 Xianliang        (Resigned)
 (熊賢良)
 XIE Jijun        Vice President (Resigned)   Male     49        March 2019      May 2021                   –             –              –             –                 66.87    No
 (謝繼軍)
 XIONG Jiantao    Executive Director          Male     53        May 2017        October 2021               –             –              –             –                171.08    No
 (熊劍濤)            (Resigned)
                  President (Resigned)                           December 2018
                  Chief Information Officer                      July 2019
                  (Resigned)
 DENG Xiaoli (鄧   Vice President (Resigned)   Female   54        November 2005   November 2021              –             –              –             –                254.34    No
 曉力)
 WU Guangyan      Vice President (Resigned)   Male     53        February 2019   December 2021              –             –              –             –                163.61    No
 (吳光焰)
 Total            /                           /        /         /               /                                                                         /          3,009.10    /




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

98
                                                Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



Notes:
1.   In June 2019, the Board received a written resignation report from Mr. WONG Ti, an independent
     non-executive Director. Due to his other work arrangements, Mr. WONG Ti applied to resign from his
     positions as an independent non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board and a member of
     each of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board. According
     to the relevant regulations, including, among others, the Guidelines for Introducing Independent
     Directors to the Board of Directors of Listed Companies (《關於在上市公司建立獨立董事制度的指導意
     見》) of the CSRC and the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., Mr. WONG Ti
     will continue to perform his duties until a new independent non-executive Director is appointed by the
     Company;
2.   On November 23, 2021, at the 10th meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the resolution
     regarding the extension of terms of office of certain senior management of the Company was considered
     and approved. Pursuant to such resolution, it was approved to extend the terms of office of LI Zongjun,
     WU Huifeng, ZHAO Bin, HU Yu and WU Guangyan (the senior management of the Company) until the
     date of the Board’s decision for new engagement, details of which are set out in the overseas regulatory
     announcement of the Company dated November 23, 2021 published on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
     website and the announcement dated November 24, 2021 published on the SSE website respectively.
     On December 22, 2021, WU Guangyan resigned from his position as a Vice President of the Company,
     details of which are set out in the overseas regulatory announcement of the Company published on
     December 23, 2021 on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website and the announcement dated December
     24, 2021 published on the SSE website respectively.
3.   Payment of 40% of the annual performance-based bonus payable to the Directors, chairman of the
     Supervisory Committee and senior management who worked full-time for the Company shall be deferred
     for a term of 3 years. The deferred payment of remuneration shall be divided equally;
4.   The total remuneration before tax of Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee and senior
     management who worked full-time for the Company has not been confirmed yet. Further information
     will be disclosed upon confirmation;
5.   Certain Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company participated in the employee
     stock ownership scheme in 2020. As of the Latest Practicable Date, HUO Da, XIONG Jiantao (resigned on
     October 7, 2021), ZHOU Linda Lei, YIN Hongyan, HE Min, DENG Xiaoli (resigned on November 2, 2021),
     Ll Zongjun, WU Huifeng, ZHAO Bin, HU Yu, WU Guangyan (resigned on December 22, 2021) and XIE
     Jijun (resigned on May 21,2021) held an aggregate of 4,658,302 shares through the employee stock
     ownership scheme, accounting for 8.95% of the total shares held under the scheme and 0.05% of the
     total share capital of the Company.




                                                                                         2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         99
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                                            Major work experience
                    Mr. HUO has served as our Chairman of the Board since May 2017, and a member of the Execution Committee of China Merchants
            Financial Services Business Unit since June 2018. He was a part-time member of the 17th Public Offering Review Committee of the CSRC
            from September 2017 to January 2019, director of China Merchants Securities International Company Limited from January 2019 to
            October 2020 and Chairman of the Board of China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. from November 2021 to February
            2022. He served the CSRC as principal staff member, deputy division head and division head, assistant to the head of the Shenzhen office
 HUO Da     of the CSRC, deputy inspector, deputy division head and division head of the Market Supervision Department of the CSRC, director of the
 (霍達)       Corporate Bonds Supervision Department of the CSRC, director of the Research Center of the CSRC, head of Beijing Institute of Securities
            and Futures and head of China Institute of Finance and Capital Markets successively.
                    Mr. HUO Da obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (previously named
            as Huazhong Institute of Technology), a master’s degree in economics from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (previously
            named as Huazhong Institute of Technology) and a doctoral degree in economics from Chinese Academy of Fiscal Sciences (formerly known
            as the Research Institute for Fiscal Science of the Ministry of Finance) in July 1989, April 1994 and January 2008, respectively.
                    Mr. LIU has served as our non-executive Director since June 2021, the head of the finance department (property rights department)
            of China Merchants Group Limited since December 2020, an independent non-executive director of AviChina Industry & Technology
            Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02357) since June 2018, and executive director of
            China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 00144), and a director
            of China Merchants International Finance Company Limited, China Merchants Industry Holdings Co., Ltd., China Merchants Zhangzhou
            Development Zone Co., Ltd., China Merchants Chongqing Communications Technology Research & Design Institute Co., Ltd. and Liaoning
            Port Group Limited since March 2021. He has also served as a director of China Merchants Expressway Network & Technology Holdings
            Co., Ltd. (招商局公路網絡科技控股股份有限公司) (a company listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001965) and an executive director of China
            Merchants Sharing Services Co., Ltd. since April 2021, a director of China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd. (招商局港口集團股份有限公司)
            (a company listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001872) since May 2021, a non-executive director of Sinotrans Limited (a company listed on the
            SSE, stock code: 601598; and a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 00598) and a director of China Merchants
 LIU        Life Insurance Company Limited (招商局仁和人壽保險股份有限公司) and China Merchants Investment Development Company Limited (招
 Weiwu      商局投資發展有限公司) since June 2021, a director of China Merchants Taiping Bay Development Investment Co., Ltd. (招商局太平灣開發
 (劉威武)      投資有限公司) since July 2021, and a director of China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited since October 2021. He served as a director of China
            Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SSE, stock code: 601872) from May 2012 to April 2019, the Chairman of
            Sinotrans Shipping Limited from March to December 2019, the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd.
            from February 2016 to January 2021, a director of China LNG Shipping (Holdings) Limited from March 2009 to February 2021 and the
            chairman of the supervisory committee of Nanjing Tanker Corporation (招商局南京油運股份有限公司) (a company listed on the SSE, stock
            code: 601975) from April 2021 to October 2021. He also served as the Head of Treasury Division of Financial Department of Guangzhou
            Ocean Shipping Company, the Manager of Financial Department of Hong Kong Ming Wah Shipping Company Limited, the Deputy General
            Manager of the Finance Department of China Merchants Group Limited, and the Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants Energy
            Shipping Co., Ltd.
                    Mr. LIU Weiwu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Transportation Financial Accounting from Xi’an Highway Institute and a Master
            degree of Business Administration from Macau University of Science and Technology in July 1988 and January 2008, respectively. He also
            obtained the intermediate accountant qualification in May 2005.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

100
                                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                                             Major work experience
                    Ms. SU has served as our non-executive Director since June 2016, director of China Merchants Finance Holdings since December
           2015, general manager of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. since December 2017, standing vice chairman of the
           Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit* (招商局金融事業群╱平台) since June 2018, non-executive
           director of China Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 03968)
           since September 2014, director of Bosera Funds since September 2018, and director of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on
           the SZSE, stock code: 002939) since October 2020. Ms. SU was general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings from September
           2015 to February 2019. In addition, she served as chief accountant and deputy general manager of Anhui Province Energy Group Co.,
           Ltd., director of Anhui Province Energy Company Limited (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000543), director of Huishang Bank Corporation
SU Min     Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 03698), chief accountant of China Shipping (Group) Company, chairman
(蘇敏)       of the board of China Shipping Finance Co., Ltd., executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (listed on the
           SSE, stock code: 600026; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 01138), non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING
           Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02866), chairman of
           the board of China Shipping Leasing Co., Ltd., director of China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. and supervisor
           of China Merchants Capital Co., Ltd.
                    Ms. SU Min obtained a bachelor’s degree in finance from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in July 1990, and a
           master’s degree in business administration from the University of Science and Technology of China in December 2002. She was granted
           the qualifications of Certified Public Accountant, Certified Public Valuer and senior accountant in June 1998, June 1999 and June 2008,
           respectively.
                   Ms. PENG has served as our non-executive Director since August 2007, a director of China Merchants Ping An Asset Management
           Co., Ltd. since December 2018, the deputy general manager of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市
           招商平安資產管理有限責任公司) since July 2021, a director of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. and China
           Merchants Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (招商投資管理（深圳）有限公司) since November 2021 and director of China Great
           Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 002939) since June 2011. She was deputy general manager of China Merchants
           Finance Holdings from April 2016 to February 2019, a standing member of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services
           Business Unit from June 2018 to June 2021, director of Morgan Stanley Huaxin Fund Management Co., Ltd. from March 2015 to August
PENG Lei
           2019, director of Bosera Funds from November 2017 to September 2018 and director of China Merchants Commerce Leasing Co., Ltd.
(彭磊)
           (招商局通商融資租賃有限公司) from August 2018 to November 2021. Ms. PENG served as executive director of Union Asset Management
           Company, and deputy general manager of the general management department, general manager of the audit department, general
           manager of the China business department, general manager of the securities department and assistant to the general manager of China
           Merchants Finance Holdings.
                   Ms. PENG Lei obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in business management from Southwestern University of
           Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in economics majoring in finance from Peking University in July 1994 and July 2010,
           respectively.
                   Mr. GAO has served as our non-executive Director since March 2020, deputy general manager (chief digital officer (CDO)) of China
           Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited since February 2017, general manager of China Merchants Financial Technology Co., Ltd.* (招
           商局金融科技有限公司) since November 2017, and standing member of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services
           Business Unit* (招商局金融事業群╱平台) since February 2019. He acted as the chief digital officer (CDO) of China Merchants Finance
           Holdings Co., Ltd.* (招商局金融集團有限公司) from February 2017 to February 2019. He was an assistant engineer of the first engineering
           division of Nanjing No. 724 Research Institute* (南京724研究所), engineer of China Electronics Software Development Co. (中電軟件技術
           開發公司), engineer and the business officer of the computer department, an engineer of actuary and information department, the officer
GAO
           of software development office and assistant to general manager of computer department under life insurance, and assistant to general
Hong
           manager of the Jilin Branch of China Ping An Insurance Company* (中國平安保險公司), general manager of the computer department
(高宏)
           in the headquarter of Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd., deputy general manager (in charge of work) of the information management
           department and the assistant to general manager of the group shared service center of China Insurance (Holdings) Company Limited,
           general manager of the information technology center, an assistant to general manager, and the general manager of innovation and
           development department of Funde Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd.* (富德生命人壽股份有限公司), and during which time, he also served as
           the assistant to general manager of Funde Insurance Holding Co., Ltd.* (富德保險控股股份有限公司).
                   Mr. GAO Hong obtained a bachelor’s degree of science in computer software from the Department of Computer Science from
           Nanjing University in July 1989.



                                                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              101
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                                              Major work experience
                      Mr. HUANG has served as our non-executive Director since August 2012, general manager of the capital operation department of
             China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited since September 2016, non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd.
             (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02866) since June 2016, director of Lanhai
             Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600896) since May 2017, director of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance
             Co., Ltd. since August 2017, and director of Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601825) since June
             2018. He was a director of COSCO SHIPPING Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 002401) from December 2017 to March
             2019. He successively served as the head of the capital management department of finance and capital division of China Ocean Shipping
 HUANG
             (Group) Company, vice president and general manager of the finance department of COSCO Logistics (Americas), Inc. (中遠物流（美洲）有
 Jian (黃堅)
             限公司) (formerly known as Intermodal Bridge Services Inc. (中遠美國內陸運輸公司)), general manager of the finance department and chief
             financial officer of COSCO Americas Inc., deputy general manager of the finance department of China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company
             and deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of the capital operation department of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.
                      Mr. HUANG Jian obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in auditing from Capital University of Economics and Business
             (formerly known as Beijing Institute of Finance and Trade) and a master’s degree in business management from Beijing Institute of
             Technology in July 1992 and March 2002, respectively. Mr. HUANG obtained the qualifications of accountant and senior accountant from
             the Ministry of Finance in May 1997 and December 2015, respectively.
                     Mr. WANG has served as our non-executive Director since September 2016. Mr. WANG has been executive director and chairman
             of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
             Exchange, stock code: 02866) since May 2016 and July 2019 respectively and non-executive director of China Merchants Bank (listed on
             the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 03968) since November 2016. He was vice chairman
             of the board of directors of New China COSCO Financial Holdings Limited (新華遠海金融控股有限公司) from March 2017 to January 2020,
             chairman of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co., Ltd. from October 2017 to March 2020, chief executive
             officer of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock
             code: 02866) from March 2016 to April 2020 and chairman of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
 WANG
             (formerly known as COSCO SHIPPING Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.) from March 2014 to January 2022. Mr. WANG acted as division head
 Daxiong
             and office chief of the Finance Office of the Guangzhou Maritime Bureau (廣州海運局財務處), head of the finance department and chief
 (王大雄)
             accountant of Guangzhou Maritime Transport (Group) Co., Ltd., chief accountant, vice president and deputy general manager of China
             Shipping (Group) Company, vice chairman and chairman of the board of directors of Lanhai Medical Investment Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE,
             stock code: 600896), non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on
             the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02866), executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (listed on the
             SSE, stock code: 600026; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 01138) and director of CIB Fund Management Co., Ltd.
                     Mr. WANG Daxiong obtained a bachelor’s degree majoring in finance and economics from Shanghai Maritime University and an
             EMBA degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in July 1983 and January 2012, respectively. Mr. WANG also obtained
             the qualification of senior accountant from the Ministry of Transport of the People’s Republic of China in November 1995.
                      Mr. WANG has served as our non-executive Director since July 2019. Mr. WANG has served as the vice president of PICC Life
             Insurance Company Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司) since July 2017, and chairman of the board of directors of China-US
             Insurance Advisory Co., Ltd. (中美國際保險銷售服務有限責任公司) since May 2017. He was assistant to manager and deputy manager of
 WANG        life insurance department, deputy manager of domestic business department and manager of vehicle insurance department of the Beijing
 Wen         Branch of China Pacific Insurance Co., Ltd., assistant to general manager and deputy general manager of the Beijing Branch of China Pacific
 (王文)        Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (中國太平洋人壽保險股份有限公司), leader of the preparatory group, deputy general manager (person-in-charge)
             and general manager of the Beijing Branch of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited and sales director of PICC Life Insurance Company
             Limited.
                      Mr. WANG Wen obtained a bachelor’s and master’s degree in law from Peking University in July 1991 and July 2005, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

102
                                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                                              Major work experience
                  Mr. XIANG has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017, and a director of CONNECT WEALTH
           INVESTMENT LIMITED and NeoSpective Capital Limited since October 2021. He served as chief executive officer of Durer Investment
           Management Co., Ltd. (圖瑞投資管理有限公司) from January 2018 to January 2022. Mr. XIANG successively acted as officer and deputy
XIANG      head of the Balance of Payments Department and General Affairs Department, respectively, of the State Administration of Foreign
Hua (向華)   Exchange, and head of the Central Foreign Exchange Business Center of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, general manager
           of SAFE Investment Company Limited, and chief executive officer and chief operating officer of Deepwater Capital Limited.
                  Mr. XIANG Hua obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Beijing Normal University and a master’s degree in economics from
           Renmin University of China in July 1994 and September 2001, respectively.
                   Mr. XIAO has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. He has been principal partner of RSM China
           (special general partner) (容誠會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）) (formerly known as HuaPu TianJian Certified Public Accountants LLP) since
           January 2014 and a director of Jingfu Cardiovascular Hospital (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd. (京阜心血管醫院（徐州）有限公司) (formerly known as
           Xuzhou Xiaodong Cardiovascular Hospital Co., Ltd. (徐州曉東心血管醫院有限責任公司)) since November 2019. He served as an executive
XIAO
           director of Beijing Zhongfa Shengxing Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京中發晟興管理諮詢有限公司) from April 2020 to December
Houfa
           2020 and a director of Guohua Kangping Elderly Service Co., Ltd. (國華康平養老服務有限公司) from April 2019 to November 2020. Mr.
(肖厚發)
           XIAO used to be founder, deputy chief accountant and chief accountant of Anhui HuaPu Certified Public Accountants (安徽華普會計師事
           務所), and chief accountant of HuaPu TianJian Certified Public Accountants (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (華普天健會計師事務所（北京）有限公司).
                   Mr. XIAO Houfa obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in July 1988. Mr.
           XIAO has received the title of senior accountant and is a certified public accountant.
                   Mr. XIONG has served as our independent non-executive Director since August 2017. Mr. XIONG has been teaching at Princeton
           University since July 2000 and has been serving as professor of economics since July 2007, Trumbull-Adams Professor of Finance since
           July 2014, academic advisor at Hong Kong Institute for Monetary and Financial Research since July 2012, academic dean of the School of
XIONG      Economics and Management at The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen since June 2015, director of Shenzhen Finance Institute,
Wei (熊偉)   CUHK(SZ) since January 2016 and a visiting professor of the Faculty of Economics at the University of Cambridge since September 2021.
                   Mr. XIONG Wei obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from the University of Science and Technology of China, a master’s degree
           in physics from Columbia University in the United States and a doctoral degree in finance from Duke University in the United States in July
           1993, May 1995 and May 2001, respectively.
                   Mr. HU has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. Mr. HU has been professor of law and doctoral
           advisor at Fudan University since January 2008, while concurrently serving as independent director of Perfect Group CORP., LTD (倍加潔
           集團股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 603059) since June 2016, independent director of Shanghai Amarsoft Information &
HU         Technology Co., Ltd. (上海安碩信息技術股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 300380) since March 2017, independent director
Honggao    of Shanghai Huaxin Stock Co., Ltd. (上海華鑫股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600621) since May 2017, and independent
(胡鴻高)      director of Shenzhen Pacific Union Precision Manufacturing Company Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 688210) since April 2020. He also
           served as independent director of Tofflon Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (東富龍科技集團股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code:
           300171) from March 2014 to February 2020. Mr. HU was head of faculty of law and vice dean of Fudan Law School at Fudan University.
                   Mr. HU Honggao obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from Peking University in July 1983.
                   Mr. WONG has served as our independent non-executive Director since January 2018. Mr. WONG has been independent director
           of AsiaPacific Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. since April 2016, supervisor of Vivasolis Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (中國台灣旭昶生物科
           技股份有限公司) since August 2016, independent non-executive director of 51 Credit Card Inc. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
           stock code: 02051) since July 2018, and independent director of China International Fund Management Co., Ltd. since April 2019. From
WONG Ti    July 2017 to May 2019, he acted as independent director of Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (復星聯合健康保險股份有限公司). Mr.
(汪棣)       WONG was also an auditor of Coopers & Lybrand Los Angeles (中信永道會計師事務所), manager of Coopers & Lybrand China (中信永道會
           計師事務所) and a partner of Pricewaterhouse Coopers (PwC) China.
                   Mr. WONG Ti obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the Department of Business Administration of National Taiwan
           University in 1982 and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree from University of California, Los Angeles in 1986. Mr. WONG
           obtained a qualification as a certified public accountant in China in October 2002.




                                                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                103
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                                                Major work experience
                      Ms. ZHOU has served as our Chairman of the Supervisory Committee since July 2014. Ms. ZHOU has been supervisor and chairman
              of the supervisory committee of China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. since April and May 2020, respectively. She was supervisor
              of Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601166), independent director of Jiangxi Selon Industrial Co., Ltd. (listed on
 ZHOU         the SZSE, stock code: 002748), independent director of China Merchants Fund, managing director of China Merchants China Investment
 Linda Lei    Management Limited and executive director of China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
 (周語菡)        Exchange, stock code: 00133).
                      Ms. ZHOU Linda Lei obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in finance and accounting from Renmin University of
              China and a master’s degree in business administration from Sonoma State University of the California State University in July 1989 and
              January 1993, respectively.
                     Mr. LI has served as our Supervisor since July 2014. Mr. Li has been the deputy general manager of the human resources
              department of China Merchants Group since December 2021 and supervisor of China Greatwall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE,
              stock code: 002939) since July 2015. He was an assistant to general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from
              November 2014 to November 2017, deputy general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from November 2017 to
              February 2019 and a standing member of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit from June 2018
 LI Xiaofei   to December 2021. He held such positions as secretary (chief at section level) of the general manager office, deputy manager of the
 (李曉霏)        planning and development department and deputy manager of the leasing department of Shenzhen Nanyou (Holdings) Ltd., manager of
              the administration and human resources department and secretary to the board of directors of Grand Auto Park Company Limited (深圳
              市平方汽車園區有限公司), senior manager of the human resources department of China Merchants Group, and general manager of the
              human resources department of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.
                     Mr. LI Xiaofei obtained a master’s degree in economics majoring in labor economics from Renmin University of China in January
              2004.
                       Mr. WANG has served as our Supervisor since June 2017. Mr. WANG has been the chief auditor (首席稽核官) of the Execution
              Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit since April 2019, supervisor of China Merchants Finance Investment
              Holdings Co., Ltd. since September 2011, and director of Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan
              Investment and Development Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. since November 2014. He was general
              manager of Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd. from
 WANG         November 2014 to July 2018, general manager of Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Co., Ltd. from November 2014 to
 Zhangwei     August 2018, and assistant to general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from May 2016 to April 2019. Mr. WANG
 (王章為)        also acted as manager of the audit department of China Merchants Shekou Holdings Co., Ltd., manager of the finance department of
              China Merchants Technology Holdings Co., Ltd., senior manager of the audit department of China Merchants Group Limited and general
              manager of the finance department of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.
                       Mr. WANG Zhangwei obtained a bachelor’s degree from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and an MBA degree from
              University of South Australia in July 1995 and April 2008, respectively. He is a certified public accountant in the PRC and an international
              certified internal auditor.
                      Mr. MA has served as our Supervisor since June 2017. Mr. MA has been chairman of the board of directors of Hebei Port Group
              (Tianjin) Investment Management Co., Ltd. (河北港口集團（天津）投資管理有限公司) since October 2020, and chairman of the board
              of directors of Hebei Port Group Shanghai Investment Management Company since January 2016. Mr. MA served as cadre of the
              electromechanical division, vice head and head of the lading team, and deputy manager of the Sixth Port Service Branch of Qinghuangdao
 MA
              Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司第六港務分公司), manager of Logistics Company of Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司
 Yunchun
              物流公司), manager of the First Port Service Branch of Qinhuangdao Port Company Limited (秦皇島港口股份有限公司) (formerly known as
 (馬蘊春)
              Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司)), and general manager of Hebei Port Group (Tianjin) Investment Management Co., Ltd.
              (河北港口集團（天津）投資管理有限公司) and Hebei Port Group Shanghai Investment Management Company.
                      Mr. MA Yunchun obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in welding from Tianjin University in July 1989 and April
              1994, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

104
                                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                                             Major work experience
                  Mr. ZHANG has served as our Supervisor since October 2020. He has also served as general manager of the financial capital
          department of China Communications Construction Company Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601800; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange, stock code: 01800) since January 2020, and supervisor of Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. since May 2020. He served as
          director and chief accountant of CCCC First Highway Engineering Group Co., Ltd. (formerly CCCC First Highway Engineering Bureau Co.,
ZHANG     Ltd.) from April 2009 to December 2019, and deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of the financial capital department of China
Zhen      Communications Construction Company Ltd. from December 2019 to January 2020. He served as auditor of audit division, chief finance
(張震)      manager of Zaire O-W Project, manager of finance division in charge of reporting accounts, chief accountant of Science Research Institute,
          chief of finance division, and deputy chief accountant of CCCC First Highway Engineering Co., Ltd.
                  Mr. ZHANG Zhen obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering finance and accounting from Changsha Transportation College
          Faculty of Management in July 1985, and was awarded with professional qualification of senior accountant from the Professional Skill and
          Qualification Assessment Committee of Ministry of Transportation in August 1997.
                  Mr. ZOU has served as our Supervisor since October 2020. He has also served as the chief of securities investment department of
          Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset Management Group Co., Ltd. since December 2018, director of Guangdong Huaqiang Property Co., Ltd. since
          January 2008, and director of Shenzhen Huaqaing Dingxin Investment Co., Ltd. since January 2015. He served as director of Shenzhen
          Huaqiang Group Co., Ltd. from September 2012 to December 2017, general manager of Shenzhen Qianhai Huaqiang Xinghe Financial
          Leasing Development Co., Ltd. from January 2016 to September 2017, and general manager of Shenzhen Huaqiang Group Finance Co.,
          Ltd. from September 2017 to November 2018. He served as deputy chief and chief of financial settlement center, chief of investment
ZOU Qun   management division and supervisor of Shenzhen Huaqiang Group Co., Ltd., director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Industry Co., Ltd. (listed
(鄒群)      on the SZSE, stock code: 000062), deputy managing director of Shenzhen Sanyang Huaqiang Laser Electronic Co., Ltd., deputy general
          manager of Huaqiang Cloud Investment Holding Co., Ltd., general managing director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Laser Electronic Co., Ltd. and
          general manager of Shenzhen Huaqiang Zhaoyang Energy Co., Ltd.
                  Mr. ZOU Qun obtained his bachelor’s degree in magnetic physics and devices from Huazhong University of Science and Technology
          (formerly known as Huazhong Institute of Technology) in July 1988. He was also awarded with finance professional qualification of
          intermediate economist by Ministry of Personal Affairs of the People’s Republic of China in June 1995, and obtained qualification of senior
          professional manager in enterprise management from China Professional Manager Qualification Assessment Committee in July 2005.
                 Ms. YIN has served as our employee representative Supervisor since August 2007. Ms. YIN has been our assistant to general
          manager since January 2022, and our Chief Human Resource Officer since June 2020. She used to be general manager of our Department
          of Retail Brokerage and Department of Operations and Administration from August 2017 to August 2018, and general manager of our
YIN
          Human Resources Department from August 2018 to May 2020. She served as assistant to manager and head of the customer service
Hongyan
          department of our Shenzhen Zhenhua Road securities branch, deputy manager of our Shenzhen Fumin Road securities branch, assistant to
(尹虹艷)
          general manager of our Private Customer Service Department, manager of our Shenzhen Fumin Road securities branch and deputy general
          manager and later general manager of our Department of Operations and Administration.
                 Ms. YIN Hongyan obtained a doctoral degree in law majoring in sociology from Nankai University in June 2006.
                  Ms. HE has served as our employee representative Supervisor since July 2009 and general manager of our Capital Management
          Department since March 2022. Ms. HE has been chairman of the supervisory committee of Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited since
          April 2019, director of China Merchants Futures Co., Ltd. and China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. since May 2019,
          and director of China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. since July 2019. Ms. HE served as deputy general manager of our
HE Min    Finance Department from April 2009 to February 2019. She served as general manager of our Finance Department from February 2019 to
(何敏)      March 2022, and assistant to the general manager of our Finance Department.
                  Ms. HE Min obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting and a master’s degree in management majoring in
          accounting, both from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (formerly known as Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics), in
          July 1996 and June 1999, respectively. Ms. HE was granted the qualification of Certified Public Accountant in October 1999 by the Chinese
          Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




                                                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                               105
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                                                Major work experience
                      Ms. SHEN has served as our employee representative Supervisor since October 2020. She has also served as the general manager of
              Audit Department of the Company since March 2020, independent director of RAYITEK HI-TECH Film Company Ltd., Shenzhen* (深圳瑞華
              泰薄膜科技股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 688323) since May 2020, and independent director of Shenzhen New Industries
              Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd.* (深圳市新產業生物醫學工程股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 300832) since June 2020. Ms.
 SHEN         SHEN Weihua served as the vice president of the ZTF Securities Limited* (中天國富證券有限責任公司) from July 2017 to April 2019.
 Weihua               She once worked in Shenzhen Zhongshen Certified Accounting Firm* (深圳中審會計師事務所), and was an auditing manager of
 (沈衛華)        Shenzhen Pengcheng Certified Public Accounting Firm* (深圳鵬程會計師事務所), an internal auditing general manager of Investment
              Banking Department of the Company, the general manager of China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd., and the managing
              director of ZTF Securities Limited.
                      Ms. SHEN Weihua obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in History of Foreign Economic Thoughts from
              the Economics and Management School of Wuhan University in July 1993 and July 1997, respectively.
                       Mr. WU has served as the president of the Company since January 2022. He served as a deputy director (Standing) of the Execution
              Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit from April 2021 to October 2021; served as an executive member
              (Standing) of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit from June 2018 to April 2021; concurrently
              served as a director of China Merchants Insurance Holdings Company Limited* (招商局保險控股有限公司) and chairman of the board of
              CM Houlder Insurance Brokers Limited* (招商海達保險顧問有限公司) from February 2019 to November 2021; served as a director of China
              Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited* (招商局仁和人壽保險股份有限公司) from March 2019 to October 2021; served as a deputy
              general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Company Limited* (招商局金融集團有限公司) from November 2017 to February
 WU           2019; and served as a general manager of China Merchants Renhe Property Insurance Company Limited* (招商局仁和財產保險股份有限公
 Zongmin      司) (preparatory) from February 2017 to December 2019. Mr. WU held various positions in China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. (listed
 (吳宗敏)        on the SSE, stock code: 601601; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02601) and its subsidiaries, and his last positions
              were vice president of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd., director of China Pacific Property Insurance Co., Ltd., director of China
              Pacific Life Insurance Co., Ltd., director of Pacific Asset Management Co., Ltd. and director of CPIC Allianz Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (now
              known as Pacific Health Insurance Co., Ltd.).
                       Mr. WU Zongmin received his bachelor’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiaotong University in July 1986, a master’s degree
              in engineering from Shanghai Jiaotong University in January 1989 and a master of business administration degree from China Europe
              International Business School in September 2007. Mr. WU holds the title of Senior Economist and is a member of the Associateship of the
              Chartered Insurance Institute (ACII).
                     Mr. LI has served as our Vice President since July 2015. Mr. LI has been chairman of the board of directors of China Merchants
              Futures since March 2019. He served as the chairman of the board of directors of CMS Zhiyuan from January 2015 to January 2019, vice
              chairman of the board of directors of Qingdao Assets Management Co., Ltd. (青島市資產管理有限公司) from December 2018 to August
              2021 and director of E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd. from January 2019 to June 2021. He took the positions of assistant to general manager
              of COSCO Finance Co., Ltd. and general manager of its Beijing securities department, deputy manager of the overseas listing department
 LI Zongjun
              of COSCO’s asset management center, assistant to general manager of China Merchants Holdings (International) Company Limited, deputy
 (李宗軍)
              general manager of the corporate planning department of China Merchants Group, deputy general manager of China Merchants Capital
              Investments Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of China Merchants Food Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.* (招商局食品供應鏈管理有
              限公司) and assistant to President of the Company.
                     Mr. LI Zongjun obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in economics, both from Nankai University, in July
              1987 and April 1990, respectively. Mr. LI was granted the qualification of senior economist by the Ministry of Transport in October 1998.
                      Mr. WU has served as our Vice President since November 2018 and our Secretary to the Board since December 2014. Mr. WU
              served as head of the settlement center of China Nanshan Development (Group) Co., Ltd., deputy manager of the finance department of
              Shanghai Nanshan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (上海南山房地產開發有限公司) (formerly known as Shanghai Chengnan Real Estate
 WU           Development Company (上海誠南房地產開發公司)), and general manager of the finance and audit department, general manager of the
 Huifeng      human resources department, assistant to the general manager, and deputy general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co.,
 (吳慧峰)        Ltd. He also worked for our Company as Director, Supervisor, co-general manager of the Board office and assistant to president.
                      Mr. WU Huifeng obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting from the Shanghai University of Finance and
              Economics and a master’s degree in economics majoring in finance from Peking University in June 1996 and January 2012, respectively.
              Mr. WU was granted the qualification of accountant in May 1998 by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

106
                                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




  Name                                                             Major work experience
                   Mr. ZHAO has served as our Vice President since November 2018. He has been working as executive director of CMS Investment
           since January 2019 and the chairman of the Board of CMS International since January 2022. He acted as our Chief Compliance Officer from
           January 2016 to December 2018, chief compliance officer of CMS Asset Management from January 2018 to January 2021, chairman of
           the supervisory committee of China Merchants Fund from September 2017 to April 2020, director of CMS Asset Management from July
           2015 to May 2019, and director of China Merchants Futures from July 2008 to May 2019. He took the position of assistant to manager and
ZHAO Bin
           manager of our Haikou branch, head of Futian branch, assistant to the general manager of our Brokerage Business Department, deputy
(趙斌)
           manager (person-in-charge) of our Shenzhen Longgang securities branch, manager of our Shenzhen Nanshan Nanyou Road securities
           branch, general manager of our Private Customer Service Department, general manager of our Channel Management Department, general
           manager of our Department of Retail Brokerage and our employee representative Supervisor.
                   Mr. ZHAO Bin obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in international finance from Shenzhen University and a master’s
           degree in science majoring in project management from the University of Greenwich in June 1992 and December 2010, respectively.
                   Mr. HU has been our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Risk Officer since December 2018. From August to November 2018, he
           was the deputy head of capital operation department of China Merchants Group. He served as the member of CPC Committee and the
           secretary of Disciplinary Committee of Guangdong Bureau of the CSRC from November 2016 to July 2018. He was a teacher in Xishan
           Middle School (西山中學), teacher of the foreign language teaching and research office of Jiangxi Medical College, deputy principal staff
HU Yu
           member of Department of Policy and Regulations, the principal staff member of Department of Intermediary Supervision, the deputy
(胡宇)
           officer and director of Office of the Party Committee as well as the director of No.1 Inspection Office of Shenzhen Bureau of the CSRC and
           member of CPC Committee and the secretary of Disciplinary Committee of Hainan Bureau of the CSRC.
                   Mr. HU Yu obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Jiangxi Normal University (江西師範大學) and a Master’s degree in Finance from
           Graduate School of People’s Bank of China in July 1989 and July 1996, respectively.
                   Mr. ZHANG has been our Vice President since March 2021. He worked in the CSRC and successively served in the Department of
           Public Offering Supervision, the International Cooperation Division and the Corporate Bonds Supervision Department from March 1998 to
           November 2017, where he served as principal staff member, deputy division head and division head at the Department of Public Offering
           Supervision and the International Cooperation Division of the CSRC form March 1998 to April 2015; during such period, he held temporary
           position (掛職) at the Financial Affairs Office of Yunnan Province and served as a full-time deputy director of the Leading Group Office
ZHANG
           of Corporate Listing of Yunnan Province (雲南省推進企業上市領導小組辦公室專職副主任) form November 2012 to October 2014; and
Qing
           served as deputy inspector and deputy director of the Corporate Bonds Supervision Department of the CSRC from April 2015 to November
(張慶)
           2017. Mr. ZHANG was awarded the title of “Excellent Youth of China State Organs (中國國家機關優秀青年)” of Year 2002-2003 and was
           as an expert for the propositional group of the Chinese Sponsor Representative Examination (保薦代表人考試命題專家組專家) upon the
           implementation of the Measures for the Sponsor System for the Issuance and listing of Securities.
                   Mr. ZHANG Qing obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and Master’s Degree in Economics from the Central Institute of
           Finance and Banking in June 1993 and January 1996, respectively.
                   Mr. SU served as our non-executive Director from June 2017 to April 2021. He has served as chief accountant of China Oil
           and Foodstuffs Corporation since December 2020. He was the head of the finance department (property rights department) of China
           Merchants Group from July 2017 to December 2020, director of China Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code:
           601872) from August 2017 to January 2019, executive director of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (listed on the Hong
           Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0144) from October 2017 to March 2021, non-executive director of Sinotrans Limited (listed on the
           SSE, stock code: 601598; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0598) form June 2019 to March 2021, director of China
           Merchants Expressway Network & Technology Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001965) from January 2018 to March
SU Jian    2021, and director of China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001872) from December 2018 to March 2021.
(粟健)       He previously served as clerk, head and then financial manager of Guangzhou Merchants International Travel Service Co., Ltd., officer,
           senior manager, assistant to the head and then deputy head of the finance department of China Merchants Group, senior manager of the
           finance department of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Company Limited, deputy head of the human resources department of
           China Merchants Group, deputy general manager of China Merchants Industry Holdings Co., Ltd. and deputy head (as the person in charge
           at the grade of head) of the finance department (property rights department) of China Merchants Group.
                   Mr. SU Jian obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in July 1993. Mr.
           SU obtained the qualifications as a non-practising member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an Intermediate
           Accountant in 2000 and 2002, respectively.




                                                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                               107
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                                             Major work experience
                     Mr. XIONG served as our non-executive Director from December 2014 to January 2022. He has served as director of the research
             and development center of China Merchants Group and dean of China Merchants Technology and Innovation Research and Development
             Institute (招商局科技創新發展研究院) since August 2021 and director of China Merchants Investment Development Company Limited
             (招商局投資發展有限公司) since April 2020. He served as the head of the strategic development department of China Merchants Group
             from March 2015 to August 2021. He concurrently acted as head of the security and supervision department of China Merchants Group
             from February 2017 to October 2018, director of the research and development center of China Merchants Group and dean of China
             Merchants Technology and Innovation Research and Development Institute (招商局科技創新發展研究院) from August 2018 to November
             2020. He served as executive director of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock
 XIONG       code: 0144) from June 2018 to October 2021, non-executive director of Sinotrans Limited (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601598; listed
 Xianliang   on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0598) from June 2019 to October 2021, and director of China Merchants Innovation
 (熊賢良)       Investment Management Co., Ltd. from August 2018 to January 2022. He used to be researcher and division head of the Development
             Research Center of the State Council, deputy director of Chongqing Development and Planning Commission, vice leader of the general
             group of the steering committee office of Western Region Development of the State Council (國務院西部開發領導小組辦公室綜合組),
             inspector of the Research Office of the State Council, general manager (head) of the strategic research department of China Merchants
             Group, non-executive director of China Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
             stock code: 3968), and head of the information management department and research department of China Merchants Group.
                     Mr. XIONG Xianliang obtained a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in global economics from Nankai University in June 1991
             and December 1993, respectively. Mr. XIONG was granted the title of Researcher by the Development Research Center of the State Council
             in September 2000.
                     Mr. XIONG served as our executive Director from May 2017 to October 2021, our President from December 2018 to September
             2021, and our Chief Information Officer from July 2019 to October 2021. He used to be our Vice President from December 2005 to
             December 2018, our Chief Operating Officer from May 2017 to December 2018, chairman of the board of directors of China Merchants
             Futures from March 2008 to March 2019, chairman of the board of directors of CMS Asset Management from March 2015 to March
             2019, and director of CMS International from September 2015 to October 2020. Mr. XIONG successively acted as deputy manager of the
             information center in China Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:
 XIONG
             3968), manager of our computer department, general manager of our computer center, general manager of our IT center, our technical
 Jiantao
             director (during such period, he was a member of the administrative take-over group of China Southern Securities), and director of Bosera
 (熊劍濤)
             Funds.
                     Mr. XIONG Jiantao obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering majoring in telecommunications engineering from Nanjing
             University of Posts and Telecommunications (formerly known as Nanjing Institute of Posts and Telecommunications), a master’s degree in
             engineering majoring in automatic instrumentation and installation from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (formerly known
             as Huazhong Institute of Technology) and a degree for executive master of business management (EMBA) from Fudan University in July
             1989, June 1992 and June 2014, respectively.
                     Ms. DENG served as our Vice President from November 2005 to November 2021. She was chairman of the board of directors of
             CMS Zhiyuan from January 2019 to November 2021 and chairman of the board of directors of CMS Asset Management from March 2019
             to November 2021. She also served as our Chief Risk Officer from August 2014 to December 2018. From January 2006 to January 2019,
             she took the position of director of CMS International. She also acted as director and vice chairman of the board of directors of China
 DENG        Merchants Fund from November 2006 and November 2013 respectively to April 2020. She was a senior risk analyst of Providian Financial
 Xiaoli      Corporation, senior analyst in the risk management department of Citigroup Inc., deputy general manager and then general manager of
 (鄧曉力)       our Risk Management Department (during such period she had been a member of the administrative take-over group of China Southern
             Securities) and our secretary to the Board.
                     Ms. DENG Xiaoli obtained a bachelor’s degree in science majoring in management science from Shandong University, and a
             master’s degree and a doctoral degree in economics from the State University of New York in July 1989, December 1993 and December
             1996, respectively. Ms. DENG was granted the title of Senior Economist (Finance) in December 2013.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

108
                                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




     Name                                                          Major work experience
                    Mr. XIE served as our Vice President from March 2019 to May 2021. He acted as the general manager of the investment banking
             department from April 2008 to April 2020, and managing director of the investment banking department from April 2008 to February
             2019. He held the position of officer of the corporate management department of Shenzhen Navigation Group Co., Ltd., senior manager
             and assistant to general manager of investment banking department of China Southern Securities Limited, and team head, deputy general
 XIE Jijun
             manager, executive director and executive director (person-in-charge) of our investment banking department.
 (謝繼軍)
                    Mr. XIE Jijun obtained a bachelor’s degree in Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering majoring in thermal engineering from
             South China University of Technology in July 1994, a master’s degree in economics majoring in international economics and trade from
             Nankai University and Flinders University in Australia in October 2004 and an EMBA degree from China Europe International Business
             School in September 2011. Mr. XIE was among the first batch of registered sponsor representatives in China in 2004.
                    Mr. WU served as our Vice President from February 2019 to December 2021, and chairman of the board of directors of CMS
             International from December 2018 to December 2021. He served as general manager of our Department of International Business
             from November 2018 to June 2020, assistant to the President from July 2018 to February 2019, and general manager of CMS Asset
             Management from April 2015 to August 2019. Mr. WU also used to be engineer of Radio Electronics Research Institute in Wuhan City,
 WU          technology manager of information technology center of the head office of China Merchants Bank, general manager of Technology
 Guangyan    Department of the Shenzhen branch of China Guangfa Bank, person-in-charge for the operation department for credit card business
 (吳光焰)       department of the headquarter of Ping An Bank, deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of our Operations and Administration
             Department, general manager of our Private Customer Service Department and general manager of our Assets Management Department.
                    Mr. WU Guangyan obtained a bachelor’s degree in automatic control majoring in testing technology and instrument (自動控制系
             檢測技術及儀器專業學士學位) and a master’s degree majoring in pattern recognition and intelligent control (模式識別與智能控制專業碩士
             學位) from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in June 1988 and June 1995, respectively.



(II)   Positions of incumbent Directors, Supervisors and senior management and those resigned
       during the Reporting Period

1.     Positions in shareholders


                                                                                                        Date of                   Date of
        Name                  Name of shareholder                            Position
                                                                                                      appointment               termination

                       China Merchants Finance
 SU Min (蘇敏)                                                         General manager               December 2017              to date
                         Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.

 WANG Wen              PICC Life Insurance Company
                                                                     Vice President                July 2017                  to date
 (王文)                    Limited

                       China Merchants Finance
 WANG                                                                Supervisor                    September 2011             to date
                         Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
 Zhangwei
 (王章為)                 Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
                                                                     Director                      November 2014              to date
                         Development Co., Ltd.

                                                                     General manager of
 ZHANG Zhen            China Communications
                                                                     the financial capital         January 2020               to date
 (張震)                    Construction Company Ltd.
                                                                     department

 Statement of
   positions in
                                                                                   Nil
   shareholders’
   companies


                                                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                             109
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



2.    Positions in other companies


                                                                                             Date of          Date of
       Name                    Name of company                            Position
                                                                                           appointment      termination
                                                               Member of the Execution
                                                                Committee of China
                     China Merchants Group                                                June 2018       to date
                                                                Merchants Financial
 HUO Da (霍達)                                                    Services Business Unit
                                                               Chairman of the board of
                     CMS Zhiyuan                                                          November 2021   February 2022
                                                                directors
                                                               Head of the finance
                     China Merchants Group                      department (property      December 2020   to date
                                                                rights department)
                     AviChina Industry & Technology            Independent non-
                                                                                          June 2018       to date
                      Company Limited                            executive director
                     China Merchants Port Holdings
                                                               Executive director         March 2021      to date
                      Company Limited
                     China Merchants International Finance
                      Company Limited, China Merchants
                      Industry Holdings Co., Ltd., China
                      Merchants Zhangzhou Development
                                                               Director                   March 2021      to date
                      Zone Co., Ltd., China Merchants
                      Chongqing Communications
                      Technology Research & Design Institute
                      Co., Ltd., Liaoning Port Group Limited
                     China Merchants Expressway Network &
                                                               Director                   April 2021      to date
                      Technology Holdings Co., Ltd.
 LIU Weiwu
 (劉威武)               China Merchants Sharing Services Co.,
                                                               Executive director         April 2021      to date
                      Ltd.
                     China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd.      Director                   May 2021        to date
                     Sinotrans Limited                         Non-executive director     June 2021       to date
                     China Merchants Life Insurance
                      Company Limited, China Merchants
                                                               Director                   June 2021       to date
                      Investment Development Company
                      Limited
                     China Merchants Taiping Bay
                                                               Director                   July 2021       to date
                      Development Investment Co., Ltd.
                     China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited       Director                   October 2021    to date
                     China Merchants Energy Shipping Co.,
                                                               Deputy general manager     February 2016   January 2021
                      Ltd.
                     China LNG Shipping (Holdings) Limited     Director                   March 2009      February 2021
                                                               Chairman of the
                     Nanjing Tanker Corporation                                           April 2021      October 2021
                                                                supervisory committee

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

110
                                                        Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                       Date of             Date of
     Name                 Name of company                           Position
                                                                                     appointment         termination
                                                         Standing vice officer
                                                           of the Execution
                China Merchants Group                      Committee of China       June 2018          to date
                                                           Merchants Financial
                                                           Services Business Unit
SU Min (蘇敏)
                Bosera Funds                             Director                   September 2018     to date
                China Merchants Finance Holdings         Director                   December 2015      to date
                China Merchants Bank                     Non-executive director     September 2014     to date
                China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd.    Director                   October 2020       to date
                China Merchants Ping An Asset
                 Management Co., Ltd., China
                                                         Director                   November 2021      to date
                 Merchants Investment Management
                 (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
                China Merchants Ping An Asset
                                                         Director                   December 2018      to date
                 Management Co., Ltd.
                China Merchants Ping An Asset
                                                         Deputy general manager     July 2021          to date
                 Management Co., Ltd.
PENG Lei (彭磊)
                China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd.    Director                   June 2011          to date
                                                         Standing member of the
                                                           Execution Committee
                China Merchants Group                      of China Merchants       June 2018          June 2021
                                                           Financial Services
                                                           Business Unit
                China Merchants Commerce Leasing
                                                         Director                   August 2018        November 2021
                 Co., Ltd.
                                                         Standing member of the
                                                           Execution Committee
                China Merchants Group                      of China Merchants       February 2019      to date
                                                           Financial Services
                                                           Business Unit
GAO Hong (高宏)
                China Merchants Financial Technology
                                                         General manager            November 2017      to date
                 Co., Ltd. (招商局金融科技有限公司)
                                                         Deputy general manager
                China Merchants Life Insurance
                                                          (Chief Digital Officer    February 2017      to date
                 Company Limited
                                                          (CDO))




                                                                                                     2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   111
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                              Date of           Date of
       Name                    Name of company                            Position
                                                                                            appointment       termination
                     Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co.,
                                                               Director                    June 2018        to date
                      Ltd.
                                                               General manager of
                     China COSCO Shipping Corporation
                                                                capital operation          September 2016   to date
                      Limited
                                                                department
 HUANG Jian (黃堅)
                     COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co.,
                                                               Director                    August 2017      to date
                      Ltd.
                     Lanhai Medical Investment Co., Ltd.       Director                    May 2017         to date
                     COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd.      Non-executive director      June 2016        to date
                                                               Chairman of the board of
                     COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd.                                  July 2019        to date
                                                                directors

 WANG Daxiong        COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd.      Executive director          May 2016         to date
 (王大雄)               China Merchants Bank                      Non-executive director      November 2016    to date
                     COSCO SHIPPING Investment Holdings        Chairman of the board of
                                                                                           March 2014       January 2022
                      Co., Ltd.                                 directors
                                                               Chairman of the board of
 WANG Wen (王文)       China-US Insurance Advisory Co., Ltd.                                 May 2017         to date
                                                                directors
                     CONNECT WEALTH INVESTMENT
                                                               Director                    October 2021     to date
                      LIMITED, NeoSpective Capital Limited
 XIANG Hua (向華)
                     Durer Investment Management Co., Ltd.
                                                               Chief executive officer     January 2018     January 2022
                      (圖瑞投資管理有限公司)
                     RSM China (容誠會計師事務所（特殊普
                                                               Principal partner           January 2014     to date
                      通合夥）)
 XIAO Houfa
 (肖厚發)               Jingfu Cardiovascular Hospital (Xuzhou)
                       Co., Ltd.（京阜心血管醫院（徐州）有限                 Director                    November 2019    to date
                       公司）
                     Princeton University                      Professor of Economics      July 2007        to date
                                                               Trumbull-Adams
                     Princeton University                                                  July 2014        to date
                                                                 Professor of Finance
                     Shenzhen Finance Institute, CUHK (SZ)     Director                    January 2016     to date
                                                               Academic Dean of the
 XIONG Wei (熊偉)      Chinese University of Hong Kong,
                                                                School of Economics        June 2015        to date
                      Shenzhen
                                                                and Management
                     Hong Kong Institute for Monetary and
                                                               Academic adviser            July 2012        to date
                      Financial Research
                                                               Visiting professor of the
                     University of Cambridge                                               September 2021   to date
                                                                Faculty of Economics




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

112
                                                            Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                             Date of            Date of
     Name                    Name of company                            Position
                                                                                           appointment        termination
                                                             Professor of law, doctoral
                   Fudan University                                                       January 2008      to date
                                                               advisor
                   Shanghai China Fortune Co., Ltd.          Independent director         May 2017          to date
HU Honggao         Shanghai Amarsoft Information &
                                                             Independent director         March 2017        to date
(胡鴻高)               Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Perfect Group Corp., Ltd.                 Independent director         June 2016         to date
                   Shenzhen Pacific Union Precision
                                                             Independent director         April 2020        to date
                    Manufacturing Company Ltd.
                   China International Fund Management
                                                             Independent director         April 2019        to date
                    Co., Ltd.
                                                             Independent non-
                   51 Credit Card Inc.                                                    July 2018         to date
                                                               executive director
WONG Ti (汪棣)
                   Asia-Pacific Property & Casualty
                                                             Independent director         April 2016        to date
                    Insurance Co., Ltd.
                   Vivasolis Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (中國台
                                                             Supervisor                   August 2016       to date
                    灣旭昶生物科技股份有限公司)
ZHOU Linda Lei     China Merchants Fund Management           Chairman of the
                                                                                          May 2020          to date
(周語菡)               Co., Ltd.                                 supervisory committee
                                                             Deputy general manager
                   China Merchants Group                      of the human resources      December 2021     to date
                                                              department
                   China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd.     Supervisor                   July 2015         to date
LI Xiaofei (李曉霏)
                                                             Standing member of the
                                                               Execution Committee
                   China Merchants Group                       of China Merchants         June 2018         December 2021
                                                               Financial Services
                                                               Business Unit
                                                             Chief auditor of China
                   China Merchants Group                      Merchants Financial         April 2019        to date
                                                              Services Business Unit
WANG Zhangwei
                   Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and
(王章為)                                                        Director                     November 2014     to date
                    Development Company Ltd.
                   Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and
                                                             Director                     November 2014     to date
                    Development Company Ltd.
                   Hebei Port Group (Tianjin) Investment
                                                             Chairman of the board of
                    Management Co., Ltd. (河北港口集團                                          October 2020      to date
MA Yunchun                                                    directors
                   （天津）投資管理有限公司)
(馬蘊春)
                   Hebei Port Group Shanghai Investment      Chairman of the board of
                                                                                          January 2016      to date
                    Management Company                        directors



                                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       113
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                              Date of          Date of
       Name                    Name of company                          Position
                                                                                            appointment      termination
 ZHANG Zhen
                     Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd.   Supervisor                    May 2020        to date
 (張震)
                     Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset Management      Director of securities
                                                                                           December 2018   to date
                      Group Co., Ltd.                         investment department
 ZOU Qun             Shenzhen Huaqiang Dingxin Investment
                                                             Director                      January 2015    to date
 (鄒群)                 Co., Ltd.
                     Guangdong Huaqiang Property Co., Ltd.
                                                             Director                      January 2008    to date
                      (廣東華強置業有限公司)
                     CMS Asset Management                    Director                      July 2019       to date
                     China Merchants Futures                 Director                      May 2019        to date
 HE Min (何敏)         CMS Zhiyuan                             Director                      May 2019        to date
                                                             Chairman of the
                     Bosera Funds                                                          April 2019      to date
                                                              supervisory committee
                     RAYITEK HI-TECH Film Company Ltd.,
                      Shenzhen (深圳瑞華泰薄膜科技股份有                 Independent director          May 2020        to date
 SHEN Weihua          限公司)
 (沈衛華)               Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical
                      Engineering Co., Ltd. (深圳市新產業生         Independent director          June 2020       to date
                      物醫學工程股份有限公司)
                                                             Deputy director (Standing)
                                                              of the Execution
                     China Merchants Group                    Committee of China           April 2021      October 2021
                                                              Merchants Financial
                                                              Services Business Unit
                                                             Executive member
                                                               (Standing) of the
                     China Merchants Group                     Execution Committee of      June 2018       April 2021
 WU Zongmin                                                    China Merchants Financial
 (吳宗敏)                                                         Services Business Unit
                     China Merchants Insurance Holdings
                      Company Limited (招商局保險控股有              Director                      February 2019   November 2021
                      限公司)
                     CM Houlder Insurance Brokers Limited    Chairman of the board of
                                                                                           February 2019   November 2021
                      (招商海達保險顧問有限公司)                          directors
                     China Merchants Life Insurance
                                                             Director                      March 2019      October 2021
                      Company Limited




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

114
                                                          Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                         Date of            Date of
      Name                  Name of company                           Position
                                                                                       appointment        termination
                                                           Chairman of the board of
                  China Merchants Futures                                             March 2019        to date
                                                            directors
LI Zongjun
                  E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd.             Director                   January 2019      June 2021
(李宗軍)
                  Qingdao Asset Management Co., Ltd.       Vice chairman of the
                                                                                      December 2018     August 2021
                   (青島市資產管理有限責任公司)                          board of directors
                                                           Chairman of the board of
                  CMS International                                                   January 2022      to date
                                                            directors
ZHAO Bin (趙斌)
                  CMS Investment                           Executive director         January 2019      to date
                  CMS Asset Management                     Chief compliance officer   January 2018      January 2021
                  China Oil and Foodstuff Corporation      Chief accountant           December 2020     to date
                  China Merchants Port Holdings
                                                           Executive director         October 2017      March 2021
                   Company Limited
SU Jian (粟健)      Sinotrans Limited                        Non-executive director     June 2019         March 2021
                  China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd.     Director                   December 2018     March 2021
                  China Merchants Expressway Network &
                                                           Director                   January 2018      March 2021
                   Technology Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                                           Director of the research
                  China Merchants Group                     and development           August 2021       to date
                                                            center
                  China Merchants Technology and
                   Innovation Research and Development     Dean                       August 2021       to date
                   Institute
                  China Merchants Investment
                                                           Director                   April 2020        to date
                   Development Company Limited
XIONG Xianliang
(熊賢良)             China Merchants Port Holdings
                                                           Executive director         June 2018         October 2021
                   Company Limited
                                                           Head of the strategic
                  China Merchants Group                     development               March 2015        August 2021
                                                            department
                  Sinotrans Limited                        Non-executive director     June 2019         October 2021
                  China Merchants Innovation Investment
                                                           Director                   August 2018       January 2022
                   Management Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                      2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      115
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                           Date of         Date of
       Name                    Name of company                      Position
                                                                                         appointment     termination
                                                             Chairman of the board of
                      CMS Zhiyuan                                                       January 2019    November 2021
 DENG Xiaoli                                                  directors
 (鄧曉力)                                                       Chairman of the board of
                      CMS Asset Management                                              March 2019      November 2021
                                                              directors
 WU Guangyan                                                 Chairman of the board of
                      CMS International                                                 December 2018   December 2021
 (吳光焰)                                                        directors
 Statement of
 positions in other                                                   Nil
 companies



(III) Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and senior management


                                          Non-executive Directors and external Supervisors of the Company
                                          shall not collect remuneration from the Company, and independent
                                          non-executive Directors shall receive the allowance of independent
                                          Directors according to the resolutions of the Company’s shareholders’
                                          general meeting. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the
 Decision-making procedures               Board considers and reviews the remuneration policy, standard and
 of remuneration of Directors,            proposal for the Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee
 Supervisors and senior                   and senior management who worked full-time for the Company, and
 management                               makes recommendations to the Board on the formulation of official
                                          and transparent procedures for determining the remuneration policy.
                                          Remuneration of the Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee
                                          and senior management who worked full-time for the Company shall
                                          be considered and determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal
                                          Committee under the Board.

                                          Remuneration of the Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee
                                          and senior management who worked full-time for the Company shall
 Basis for determination of
                                          be determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under
 remuneration of Directors,
                                          the Board with reference to the principal duties of relevant managerial
 Supervisors and senior
                                          positions, the results of performance assessment as well as the
 management
                                          remuneration level in the market, according to the Company’s Scheme of
                                          Management Methods of the Remuneration of Senior Management.

 Remuneration paid to                     Please refer to “Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing
 Directors, Supervisors and               and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management
 senior management                        during the Reporting Period” in this chapter.

 Aggregate remuneration
 actually paid to all the                 Remunerations before tax received by Directors, Supervisors and senior
 Directors, Supervisors and               management from the Company during the Reporting Period totaled to
 senior management as of the              RMB30.0910 million.
 end of the Reporting Period


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

116
                                                       Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(IV) Changes in Directors, Supervisors and senior management


     Name                Position              Change        Date of Change                Reason
 ZHANG Qing       Vice President             Appointed       March 26, 2021       Appointed by the Board
 (張慶)
 SU Jian (粟健)     Non-executive Director     Resigned        April 16, 2021       Resigned due to work
                                                                                  arrangement
 XIE Jijun        Vice President             Resigned        May 21, 2021         Resigned due to personal
 (謝繼軍)                                                                            reasons
 LIU Weiwu        Non-executive Director     Elected         June 4, 2021         Elected at the
 (劉威武)                                                                            shareholders’ meeting
 XIONG            Executive Director,        Resigned        October 7, 2021      Resigned due to other
 Jiantao          President                                                       personal commitments
 (熊劍濤)
 DENG Xiaoli      Vice President             Resigned        November 2,          Resigned due to her age
 (鄧曉力)                                                       2021
 WU Guangyan      Vice President             Resigned        December 22,         Resigned due to personal
 (吳光焰)                                                       2021                 reasons
 WU Zongmin       President                  Appointed       January 13, 2022     Appointed by the Board
 (吳宗敏)
 XIONG            Non-executive Director     Resigned        January 21, 2022     Resigned due to work
 Xianliang                                                                        arrangement
 (熊賢良)

     During the Reporting Period, a total of five Directors, Supervisors and senior management resigned,
representing 16.13% of the total number of Directors, Supervisors and senior management at the beginning
of the Reporting Period.
     For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange website on March 26, April 16, May 21, June 4, October 7, November 2 and December 23,
2021 and January 13 and January 21, 2022.


(V) Major changes in respect of Directors and Supervisors

     For details of the changes in appointment of Directors and Supervisors of the Company during the
Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, please see “Positions of incumbent Directors,
Supervisors and senior management and those resigned during the Reporting Period” and “Changes in
Directors, Supervisors and senior management” in this chapter.
     Save as disclosed above, as of the Latest Practicable Date, there was no other material change in relation
to the Directors and Supervisors that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          117
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



V. Convening of Board Meetings during the Reporting Period

                           Date of
        Meeting                                                                         Resolutions
                           Meeting
                                        Considered and approved the following resolutions: resolution regarding the working report of the Board
                                        of the Company for 2020; resolution regarding the work report of the Audit Committee under the Board
                                        for 2020; resolution regarding the operational report of the Company for 2020; resolution regarding the
                                        2020 annual report of the Company; resolution regarding the 2020 final financial report of the Company;
                                        resolution regarding the annual profit distribution of the Company for 2020; resolution regarding the 2020
                                        Corporate Social Responsibility Report and Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company;
                                        resolution regarding the compliance report of the Company for 2020; resolution regarding the money
                                        laundering risk management report of the Company for 2020; resolution regarding the internal control
                                        assessment report of the Company for 2020; resolution regarding the internal control audit report of the
                                        Company for 2020; resolution regarding the report on the deposit and usage of proceeds of the Company
 5th meeting of the                     in 2020; resolution regarding the financial budget report of the Company for 2021; resolution regarding
                          March 26,
 seventh session of the                 the appointment of auditing firm of the Company for 2021; resolution regarding the budget for the
                          2021
 Board                                  proprietary investment of the Company for 2021; resolution regarding the contemplated ordinary related
                                        party transactions of the Company for 2021; resolution regarding the Plan on Shareholders Returns of the
                                        Company (2021-2023); resolution regarding the general mandates for further issuances of H Shares of
                                        the Company; resolution regarding the provision of guarantee by China Merchants Securities International
                                        Company Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiaries; resolution regarding the amendments to the trial
                                        implementation of assessment method for regulation compliance of senior management of China Merchants
                                        Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution regarding the determination of the date of the shareholders’ general meeting;
                                        resolution regarding the amendments to the management methods for total remuneration of China
                                        Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution regarding the implementation of professional manager system
                                        for the position of Vice President responsible for investment banking business; and resolution regarding the
                                        appointment of senior management of the Company.
                                        Considered and approved the following resolutions: resolution regarding the first quarterly report of
 6th meeting of the
                          April 27,     the Company for 2021; resolution regarding the nomination of candidates for directors; and resolution
 seventh session of the
                          2021          regarding the amendments to the Registration System for Persons with Inside Information of China
 Board
                                        Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
 7th meeting of the
                          June 15,      Considered and approved the resolution regarding by-election for members of special committees under the
 seventh session of the
                          2021          seventh session of the Board.
 Board
                                        Considered and approved the following resolutions: resolution regarding the 2021 interim operational
 8th meeting of the                     report of the Company; resolution regarding the 2021 interim report of the Company; resolution regarding
                          August 27,
 seventh session of the                 the 2021 interim report on the deposit and use of proceeds of the Company; resolution regarding the
                          2021
 Board                                  introduction of tenure system and contract management methods in the Company; and resolution regarding
                                        the continuing implementation of relevant supporting policies regarding fintech innovation investment.
 9th meeting of the
                          October 25,
 seventh session of the                 Considered and approved the resolution regarding the third quarterly report of the Company for 2021.
                          2021
 Board
 10th meeting of the
                          November      Considered and approved the resolution regarding the extension of terms of office of certain senior
 seventh session of the
                          23, 2021      management of the Company.
 Board
 11th meeting of the
                          December      Considered and approved the resolution regarding the implementation measures of the power of the Board
 seventh session of the
                          27, 2021      of the Company.
 Board



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

118
                                                                          Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



VI. Duty Performance of Directors

(I)     Attendance of Directors at Board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings


                                                                                                                                         Attendance of
                                                                           Attendance of Board meeting                                   shareholders’
                                                                                                                                        general meeting
                             Whether an
      Name of Director       independent Number of Board                                                                Whether not
                                                                          Attendance                                                     Attendance of
                               Director                                                                                 attending in
                                            meetings     Attendance in      through    Attendance by                                     shareholders’
                                                                                                     Absence (times)   person for two
                                            requiring    person (times) correspondence proxy (times)                                    general meeting
                                                                                                                        consecutive
                                           attendance                        (times)                                                        (times)
                                                                                                                          meetings
 HUO Da (霍達)                 No                      7              7               4                0            0    No                             1
 LIU Weiwu (劉威武)             No                      5              4               4                1            0    No                             0
 SU Min (蘇敏)                 No                      7              7               4                0            0    No                             1
 PENG Lei (彭磊)               No                      7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 GAO Hong (高宏)               No                      7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 HUANG Jian (黃堅)             No                      7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 WANG Daxiong (王大雄)          No                      7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 WANG Wen (王文)               No                      7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 XIANG Hua (向華)              Yes                     7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 XIAO Houfa (肖厚發)            Yes                     7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 XIONG Wei (熊偉)              Yes                     7              6               5                1            0    No                             1
 HU Honggao (胡鴻高)            Yes                     7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 WONG Ti (汪棣)                Yes                     7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 SU Jian (粟健) (Resigned in
                             No                      1              1               0                0            0    No                             0
 April 2021)
 XIONG Xianliang
 (熊賢良) (Resigned in          No                      7              6               6                1            0    No                             1
 January 2022)
 XIONG Jiantao
 (熊劍濤) (Resigned in          No                      4              4               2                0            0    No                             1
 October 2021)

 Number of Board meetings convened in the year                                                                                                        7

 Of which: number of onsite meetings                                                                                                                  0

 Number of meetings convened by way of correspondence                                                                                                 3

 Number of meetings convened onsite and by way of correspondence                                                                                      4




                                                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                  119
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Duty performance of independent Directors

      For details of the duty performance of independent Directors of the Company, please see the Annual
Duty Report of Independent Directors of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. for 2021 (《招商證券股份有限
公司獨立董事2021年度述職報告》) published on the SSE website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website
for the same period of this report.


(III) Others

1.     Directors’ training

      The Company places high emphasis on the continuous training of the Directors, persistently improves
internal workflow and builds up multi-layers information communication system so as to provide information
security for the duty performance of the Directors, and to ensure that the Directors have a proper
understanding of the operation and business of the Company, as well as the duties and responsibilities as
conferred by the CSRC, the SSE, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Articles of Association and relevant
laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, through the “Correspondences to the Directors and
Supervisors” (《董監事通訊》), the Directors actively participated in training organized by regulatory authorities
and self-regulatory organizations to keep abreast of the latest policies and regulations, industry dynamics and
the operation of the Company, update their expertise and skills and further enhance their performance of
obligations.
       During the Reporting Period, the trainings attended by the Directors of the Company were as follows:

       Name         Position                                                   Time and content of the training
                                      He participated in the interpretation of Amendment XI to the Criminal Law – amendments to securities and futures
                                      crimes organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in February 2021; participated in the interpretation
                Chairman of the
 HUO Da                               of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital market under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of
                Board, executive
 (霍達)                                 Listed Companies in September 2021; participated in the 2021 training courses for the directors, supervisors and senior
                Director
                                      management of listed companies organized by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in December 2021; and read
                                      the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                     He participated in the counseling for listing on STAR Market organized by AviChina Industry & Technology Company
                                     Limited in February 2021; participated in the financial revolution in the digital era organized by China Merchants Group
                                     in May 2021; participated in the post-listing compliance training on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                     organized by Tian Yuan Law Firm LLP in May 2021; participated in the Regulatory Requirements for Listing on the Main
                                     Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Directors ’Continuing Obligations under the PRC Laws organized by
 LIU Weiwu      Non-executive        AviChina Industry & Technology Company Limited in May 2021; participated in the financial personnel training course
 (劉威武)          director             “Zhu Li Zhi Xing”(鑄力 · 智行) organized by China Merchants Group in July 2021; participated in the 2021 training
                                     courses for the directors and supervisors of listed companies organized by the Beijing Association of Listed Companies
                                     in June and September 2021; participated in the special training course on the financial work of central enterprises
                                     organized by the SASAC in September 2021; participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital
                                     market under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in September 2021; and
                                     read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
 XIONG          Non-executive
 Xianliang      Director (Resigned    He read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
 (熊賢良)          in January 2022)
                                      She participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital market under new circumstances organized
 SU Min         Non-executive         by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in September 2021; participated in the 2021 training courses for the
 (蘇敏)           Director              directors, supervisors and senior management of listed companies organized by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory
                                      Bureau in December 2021; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

120
                                                                        Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




    Name           Position                                                   Time and content of the training
                                     She participated in the interpretation of Amendment XI to the Criminal Law – amendments to securities and futures
                                     crimes organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in February 2021; participated in the interpretation
PENG Lei       Non-executive         of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital market under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of
(彭磊)           Director              Listed Companies in September 2021; participated in the 2021 training courses for the directors, supervisors and senior
                                     management of listed companies organized by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in December 2021; and read
                                     the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                     He participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital market under new circumstances organized
GAO Hong       Non-executive         by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in September 2021; participated in the 2021 training courses for the
(高宏)           Director              directors, supervisors and senior management of listed companies organized by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory
                                     Bureau in December 2021; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                    He participated in the interpretation of Amendment XI to the Criminal Law – amendments to securities and futures
HUANG Jian     Non-executive        crimes organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in February 2021; participated in the interpretation of
(黃堅)           Director             “zero tolerance”policy in the capital market under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed
                                    Companies in September 2021; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                    He participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital market under new circumstances organized
WANG Daxiong   Non-executive        by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in September 2021; participated in the training regarding the National
(王大雄)          Director             “14th Five-Year Plan”and SOE Reform organized by COSCO SHIPPING Group throughout the year; and read the Monthly
                                    Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                     He participated in the interpretation of Amendment XI to the Criminal Law – amendments to securities and futures
                                     crimes organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in February 2021; participated in the training on
                                     regulatory measures on Internet insurance business organized by the CBIRC in April 2021; participated in the financial
                                     actuarial training organized by the People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China in May 2021; participated in the human
                                     resources training organized by the People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China in August 2021; participated in the
                                     counseling and training regarding“emission peak and carbon neutrality”organized by the People’s Insurance Company
WANG Wen       Non-executive         (Group) of China in September 2021; participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital market
(王文)           Director              under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in September 2021; participated in
                                     the online training on anti-money laundering organized by the People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China in October
                                     2021; participated in the Excellent Insurance Lecture Phase Three Training and New Business Value Training organized by
                                     the People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China in November 2021; participated in the written training on reputational
                                     risks organized by the CBIRC in December 2021; participated in the training on C-ROSS risk management and training
                                     on consumer rights protection of the life insurance cadre online college organized by the People’s Insurance Company
                                     (Group) of China in December 2021; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                     He participated in the Quantitative Trading, Alternative Assets organized by the Hong Kong Securities and Investment
                                     Institute in May 2021; participated in the 2021 second phase follow-up training for independent directors of listed
XIANG Hua      Independent non-
                                     companies of the SSE organized by the SSE in August 2021; participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”policy
(向華)           executive Director
                                     in the capital market under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in September
                                     2021; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors




                                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                      121
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




     Name            Position                                                   Time and content of the training
                                      He participated in the seventh session of Tsinghua PBCSF course for scientific entrepreneur organized by the PBC School
                                      of Finance, Tsinghua University in July 2021; participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital
                                      market under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in September 2021;
 XIAO Houfa      Independent non-     participated in the seminar on Financial and Accounting Supervision organized by the Anhui Construction Management
 (肖厚發)           executive Director   Bureau of the Ministry of Finance in October 2021; participated in the education of national certified public accountant
                                      industry on promotion of“Guo Ban Fa No.30”training (全國註冊會計師行業學習宣傳「國辦發30號文件」動員宣講暨「一竿
                                      子到底」培訓班) organized by the Beijing Institute of Certified Public Accountants in October 2021; and read the Monthly
                                      Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                      He participated in the annual meeting of American Academy of Financial Management in January 2021; participated in
 XIONG Wei       Independent non-     the seminar on fintech organized by Yale University in June 2021; participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”
 (熊偉)            executive Director   policy in the capital market under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in
                                      September 2021; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                                      He participated in the 2021 second phase follow-up training for independent directors of listed companies of the SSE
 HU Honggao      Independent non-     organized by the SSE in August 2021; participated in the interpretation of“zero tolerance”policy in the capital market
 (胡鴻高)           executive Director   under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in September 2021; and read the
                                      Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                 Independent non-
 WONG Ti (汪棣)                         He read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                 executive Director
                 Non-executive
 SU Jian (粟健)    Director (Resigned   He read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                 in April 2021)
                                    He participated in the interpretation of Amendment XI to the Criminal Law – amendments to securities and futures
                 Executive Director
 XIONG Jiantao                      crimes organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed Companies in February 2021; participated in the interpretation of
                 (Resigned in
 (熊劍濤)                              “zero tolerance”policy in the capital market under new circumstances organized by the Shenzhen Association of Listed
                 October 2021)
                                    Companies in September 2021; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors



2.    Terms of office of non-executive Directors

      As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were eight non-executive Directors (LIU Weiwu, XIONG
Xianliang (resigned on January 21, 2022), SU Min, PENG Lei, GAO Hong, HUANG Jian, WANG Daxiong
and WANG Wen), and five independent non-executive Directors (XIANG Hua, XIAO Houfa, XIONG Wei, HU
Honggao and WONG Ti). For details of their terms of office, see “Change in shareholdings and remunerations
of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period”
in this chapter of this report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

122
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



3.    Diversity policy

(1)   Purpose

      This policy aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board of the Company.


(2)   Statements

      ①    The Board should have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
           the requirements of the business of the Company. It should ensure that changes to its composition
           can be managed without undue disruption. It should include a balanced composition of executive
           and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a
           strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment.
           Non-executive Directors should be of sufficient caliber and number for their views to carry weight.
      ②    When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity in
           terms of, among other things, gender, age, cultural and educational background, races, expertise,
           skills, know-how and length of services. All Board appointments will be based on merits, and
           candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
           diversity on the Board.


(3)   Measurable objectives

      Selection of candidates for Board membership will be based on a range of diverse perspectives, including
but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, races, expertise, skills, know-how and
length of services. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates
will bring to the Board. The Board’s composition (including gender, age, educational background, professional
experience, length of service, etc.) will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report annually (Note:
Corporate Governance Report is included in the annual result announcement and the annual report prepared
and reported by the Company in accordance with the H share standard. The content of the Corporate
Governance Report is the same as the “Corporate Governance” section in the annual report prepared and
reported by the Company in accordance with the A share standard, same for below).


(4)   Monitoring and reporting

     The Nomination Committee will disclose the composition of the Board in terms of diversity annually in
the Corporate Governance Report of the Company and monitor the implementation of this policy.


(5)   Review of this policy

      The Nomination Committee will review this policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of this
policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such
revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.


(6)   Disclosure of this policy

      ①    This policy will be published on the Company’s website for public information.
      ②    A summary of this policy together with the measurable objectives set for implementing this policy,
           and the progress made towards achieving those objectives will be disclosed in the annual Corporate
           Governance Report.



                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         123
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



4.    Nomination policy

     The Nomination Committee shall study the conditions, selection procedures and term of office of the
Directors and senior management of the Company in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the
Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of Association as well as the actual circumstances of the Company,
and submit its decisions to the Board for approval.
      Directors and senior management shall be elected through the following procedures:
      (1)   the Nomination Committee shall study the needs of the Company for directors and senior
            management and record the same into written documents;
      (2)   the Nomination Committee may identify to a wide extent the candidates of directors and senior
            management within the Company, its subsidiaries and the talent market;
      (3)   the Nomination Committee shall collect the information about the candidates in respect of the
            profession, education, job title, detailed work experience and part-time jobs and record the same
            into written documents;
      (4)   the Nomination Committee shall obtain consent from the candidates on the nomination before
            they are proposed as candidates of directors or senior management;
      (5)   the Nomination Committee shall convene a meeting to examine the qualifications of candidates in
            accordance with the job requirements of directors and senior management;
      (6)   the Nomination Committee shall provide relevant materials of the candidates of director and senior
            management for the appointment before such appointment and shall submit its recommendation
            of the removal of directors and senior management in accordance with the procedures of
            shareholders’ general meetings and Board meetings;
      (7)   the Nomination Committee shall carry out subsequent work based on the decisions and feedbacks
            of the Board.


VII. Information about Special Committees under the Board

      The Company has established five committees under the Board, namely the Strategy Committee, the
Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the
Nomination Committee in accordance with relevant PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of Association and the
corporate governance practice prescribed in the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The committees are accountable
to the Board and perform duties under the authorization of the Board. The decision-making procedures of
the Board are further refined by a clear division of duties, powers and responsibilities and high operation
efficiency of the committees. The committees provide advice on the decisions of the Board and have made
favorable contributions when the Board makes major decisions for the Company.
    For details of the composition of the committees as at the end of the Reporting Period, see “Information
about the members of Special Committees under the Board” below.
      During the Reporting Period, the special committees under the Board performed their duties earnestly
and actively put forward various opinions and recommendations on the corporate strategy, risk management,
internal and external audit and internal control. During the Reporting Period, the special committees under
the Board did not have any disagreement.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

124
                                                             Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(I)      Information about the members of Special Committees under the Board


    Category of
                                                                Name of members
 Special Committee

                           HUO Da (chairman), XIONG Xianliang (resigned on January 21, 2022), XIONG
 Strategy Committee        Jiantao (resigned on October 7, 2021), GAO Hong, WANG Daxiong, WANG Wen,
                           XIANG Hua

                           SU Min (chairman), SU Jian (resigned on April 16, 2021), LIU Weiwu (appointed on
 Risk Management
                           June 15, 2021), XIONG Jiantao (resigned on October 7, 2021), PENG Lei, WANG
 Committee
                           Daxiong, WANG Wen, XIANG Hua

                           XIAO Houfa (chairman), SU Jian (resigned on April 16, 2021), LIU Weiwu (appointed
 Audit Committee
                           on June 15, 2021), HUANG Jian, HU Honggao, WONG Ti

 Remuneration
 and Appraisal             XIANG Hua (chairman), SU Min, PENG Lei, XIONG Wei, WONG Ti
 Committee

 Nomination
                           XIONG Wei (chairman), HUO Da, PENG Lei, XIAO Houfa, HU Honggao
 Committee



(II)     Strategy Committee

     The main duties of the Strategy Committee of the Company include: analyzing, planning and providing
recommendations on the mid- and long-term development strategies of the Company; analyzing and
providing recommendations on major investment projects which are required to obtain approval from the
Board according to the Articles of Association; analyzing and providing recommendations on major strategic
investment decisions and M&A of the Company; analyzing and providing recommendations on major strategic
investment and M&A which are required to obtain approval from the Board according to the Articles of
Association; analyzing and providing recommendations on other major matters affecting the development of
the Company; organizing expert review committee(s) for the above matters; monitoring the implementation
of the above matters; and performing other duties as authorized by the Board.
     During the Reporting Period, the Strategy Committee held a total of one meeting, and reviewed the
report on the development direction of the “14th Five-Year Plan” on financial technology of the Company.

       Date of                                                                                                 Other duty
                            Details of meeting                  Major opinions and recommendations
       meeting                                                                                                performance

                 Reviewed the report on the development       Recommended the Company to conduct
 August 27,
                 direction of the “14th Five-Year Plan” on    comprehensive transformation on processes     Nil
 2021
                 financial technology of the Company.         from clients’ perspective.




                                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       125
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Strategy Committee was as follows:

                                                                     Number of meetings attended/
       No.                             Name
                                                                       Number of meetings held

 1                 HUO Da (霍達) (chairman)                        1/1

                   XIONG Xianliang (熊賢良) (resigned on January
 2                                                               1/1
                   21, 2022)

                   XIONG Jiantao (熊劍濤) (resigned on October
 3                                                               1/1
                   7, 2021)

 4                 GAO Hong (高宏)                                 1/1

 5                 WANG Daxiong (王大雄)                            1/1
 6                 WANG Wen (王文)                                 1/1
 7                 XIANG Hua (向華)                                1/1



(III) Risk Management Committee

     The main duties of the Risk Management Committee of the Company include: reviewing and providing
recommendations on the general goals and basic policies of risk management and compliance management
of the Company; reviewing and discussing with the management on the risk management system of the
Company to ensure that the management has fulfilled its duties and set up an effective risk management
system; discussing issues such as the adequacy of resources, the experience of employees, the sufficiency
of training programs for employees and relevant budget in respect of risk management; reviewing and
providing recommendations on the organizational deployment and the duties of risk management and
compliance management of the Company; evaluating and providing recommendations on the risks involved
in major decisions and the proposals in resolving major risks; reviewing and providing recommendations on
the regular risk evaluation reports, regular compliance reports and economic capital management proposals
of the Company; analyzing the results of major investigations and the response of the management on such
investigations in respect of risk management issues on its own or as designated by the Board; and handling
other matters required to be resolved by regulatory authorities or as authorized by the Board.
     During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held a total of four meetings. The Risk
Management Committee gained a comprehensive understanding of the risk and compliance situation of the
Company through reviewing its quarterly and annual compliance reports and risk evaluation reports. It also
conducted an assessment of the risk profile and risk control capability of the Company on a regular basis.
The cooperation between various departments of the Company, such as compliance and risk management
departments, was enhanced to facilitate the establishment of a comprehensive risk prevention system of the
Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

126
                                                             Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




  Date of                                                                                                           Other duty
                        Details of meeting                      Major opinions and recommendations
  meeting                                                                                                          performance
            Considered and approved the risk evaluation
            report of the Company for the fourth quarter      Recommended the Company to optimize the
            of 2020 and report on allocation of economic      asset allocation mechanism for proprietary
            capital for 2021, report on continuous            investment, and push forward client demand-
            achievement of risk control indicators (such      driven investment transformation. The
            as net capital) of the Company at the end         investment banking business should have
March 18,   of 2020, report on an all-inclusive budget        a mechanism with long-term effect and
                                                                                                                  Nil
2021        arrangement for the proprietary investment of     fundamental measures, so as to avoid risk
            the Company for 2021, resolution regarding        events that may affect the economic benefit
            the budget for the proprietary investment of      and reputation of the Company. The Company
            the Company for 2021, compliance report of        should attach great importance to the risks
            the Company for the fourth quarter of 2020,       associated with the risk of joint and several
            and compliance report of the Company for          liabilities of the custody business.
            2020.
                                                              In terms of credit risk, the proprietary business
                                                              and capital-based intermediary business
                                                              should conduct project screening, strengthen
                                                              their post-investment continuing follow-
                                                              up management, actively respond to the
                                                              change in industry policies, and attach great
                                                              importance to the risks regarding urban
                                                              investment bonds. In terms of market risk
                                                              management and control, the Company
            Considered and approved the risk evaluation
                                                              should allocate more resources to client
June 21,    report of the Company for the first quarter of
                                                              demand-driven business, respond to risks            Nil
2021        2021, and compliance report of the Company
                                                              regarding exits of co-investment projects
            for the first quarter of 2021.
                                                              on the STAR Market, and conduct post-
                                                              investment follow-up management on private
                                                              equity investment. In terms of operational
                                                              risk, the Company should pay attention to
                                                              the risk of the custody business, construct
                                                              its knowledge by inference, and attach great
                                                              importance to the compliance risks of the
                                                              investment banking business to establish the
                                                              investment bank of high quality.




                                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                           127
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Date of                                                                                                             Other duty
                             Details of meeting                     Major opinions and recommendations
   meeting                                                                                                            performance
                                                                   The Company should pay attention to the
                                                                   use of leverage, use its capital to fulfill the
                                                                   needs of risk-neutral strategic investment
                                                                   business and client demand-driven business,
                                                                   and implement strict restriction on the use
                Considered and approved the risk evaluation        of capital for stock pledge repo and stock
                report of the Company for the second quarter       investment business. The Company should
                of 2021, compliance report of the Company          build on investment bank instead of on
                for the second quarter of 2021, report on          investment, serve for the real economy and
 August 26,
                continuous achievement of risk control             the development of the capital market,            Nil
 2021
                indicators (such as net capital) of the Company    and control the speed of growth, risks and
                at the end of June 2021, and resolution            leverage. The Company should comply with
                regarding adjustment of risk appetite              the requirements of the Opinions on Strictly
                statement of the Company.                          Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities
                                                                  (《關於依法從嚴打擊證券違法活動的意見》)
                                                                   issued by the General Office of the CPC
                                                                   Central Committee and the General Office
                                                                   of the State Council to optimize compliance
                                                                   management comprehensively.
                                                                  Recommended the Company to attach great
                                                                  attention to the risks of real estate related
                                                                  business and the risks arising therefrom in
                                                                  relation to upstream and downstream, urban
                                                                  investment bonds, small and medium banks
                                                                  and small and medium financial institutions,
                                                                  and conduct stress test and risk prevention.
                                                                  The Company should pay attention to the
                                                                  credit risk of capital-based intermediary
                Considered and approved the risk evaluation
                                                                  business, in particular credit risk related to
 November       report of the Company for the third quarter of
                                                                  industries with high energy consumption and        Nil
 11, 2021       2021, and compliance report of the Company
                                                                  high pollution. The Company should seek
                for the third quarter of 2021.
                                                                  to include indicators related to real estate
                                                                  and “emission peak and carbon neutrality”
                                                                  into risk appetite. The Company should
                                                                  pay attention to risks of defaults of bonds
                                                                  underwritten and defaults of custody clients,
                                                                  pay attention to the risk management of
                                                                  client-driven investment and market-driven
                                                                  investment, and optimize its system and
                                                                  processes.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

128
                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Risk Management Committee was as
follows:

                                                                       Number of meetings attended/
      No.                             Name
                                                                         Number of meetings held

 1                SU Min (蘇敏) (chairman)                            4/4

 2                SU Jian (粟健) (resigned on April 16, 2021)         1/1

                  LIU Weiwu (劉威武) (appointed on June 15,
 3                                                                  3/3
                  2021)

                  XIONG Jiantao (熊劍濤) (resigned on October
 4                                                                  3/3
                  7, 2021)
 5                PENG Lei (彭磊)                                     4/4
 6                WANG Daxiong (王大雄)                                4/4
 7                WANG Wen (王文)                                     4/4
 8                XIANG Hua (向華)                                    4/4



(IV) Audit Committee

      The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Company include: providing recommendations on
engaging or changing external auditors, supervising and assessing the performance of external auditors;
guiding internal auditing and supervising the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation;
coordinating the communication of the management, internal auditors and relevant departments with the
external auditors, and performing the role as a major representative of the Company to liaise with the external
auditors and supervise their relationships; supervising the internal control procedures of the Company and
assessing their effectiveness; reviewing the internal control of the Company and conducting daily monitoring
and examination of the responsible parties; conducting prior guidance, supervision throughout the whole
process and subsequent review on the responsible parties of the Company to strengthen the internal control
system; supervising and reviewing the performance, incidents and implementation regarding compliance
and risk control obligations of all departments and positions on a daily basis and reporting to the Board
regularly; keeping track of the performance of compliance obligations of the senior management through
regular meetings with the compliance officers and other efficient methods; overseeing the financial reporting
system of the Company, reviewing its financial reports and giving opinions thereon; conducting audit on
major related party transactions; ensuring and reviewing the arrangements of the Company which enables
its employees to be the whistle-blower in the event of any possible misconduct in financial reporting, internal
control or other aspects of the Company; ensuring that proper arrangements are made for the Company to
conduct a fair and independent investigation on such matters and take appropriate actions; dealing with other
matters as delegated by the Board; considering other topics as identified by the Board; and performing other
duties required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the Company is listed.
      During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held a total of six meetings. The Audit Committee
convened meetings, considered and made decisions on the relevant issues pursuant to the Working Rules of
the Audit Committee of the Board (《董事會審計委員會工作規則》) of the Company so as to enhance work
efficiency and reasonable decision-making. In accordance with the Annual Report Work Procedures for the
Audit Committee under the Board (《董事會審計委員會年報工作規程》), the Audit Committee performed its
duties in a prudent manner by participating in the preparation of the annual financial report, auditing and
disclosure. It also strived to uphold its audit independence. Its audit quality was also enhanced to safeguard
the interests of the Company and shareholders as a whole.
                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          129
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



     In accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, the Audit Committee and its
members fully discharged its audit and supervision obligations. Its diligent efforts were indispensable to the
optimization of the corporate governance structure and the audit quality.
      After carrying out prudent audit and supervision on the financial position of the Company and reviewing
the financial statement prepared by the Company, the Audit Committee considered that the Company has a
stable financial system and satisfactory financial position. In addition, the Board is satisfied with the adequacy
of resources, staff qualification and experience for performing accounting and financial functions as well as
the sufficiency of staff training and relevant budget after conducting reviews through the Audit Committee.

   Date of                                                                                                                            Other duty
                                  Details of meeting                            Major opinions and recommendations
   meeting                                                                                                                           performance

                                                                                                                               Enquired about
                                                                                                                               the reasons for
                                                                                                                               the significant
                  Considered and approved the 2020 Annual Report
                                                                                                                               year-on-year
                  of the Company, 2020 final financial report of
                                                                                                                               changes in profits
                  the Company, report on the deposit and usage
                                                                                                                               of subsidiaries,
                  of proceeds in 2020, resolution regarding the
                                                                                                                               the application
                  appointment of auditing firm of the Company
                                                                                                                               of accounting
                  for 2021, resolution regarding the contemplated
                                                                                                                               policies, account
                  ordinary related party transactions of the Company
 March 25,                                                                                                                     management
                  for 2021, work report of the Audit Committee under      Nil
 2021                                                                                                                          and control, the
                  the Board for 2020, internal audit report of the
                                                                                                                               withdrawal of
                  Company for 2020 and internal audit work plan of
                                                                                                                               the application
                  the Company for 2021, internal control assessment
                                                                                                                               of IPO projects
                  report of the Company for 2020, and internal control
                                                                                                                               of the Company,
                  audit report of the Company for 2020.
                                                                                                                               the relevant
                  Reviewed the report on audit work of the Company
                                                                                                                               information of
                  for 2020.
                                                                                                                               litigation cases, and
                                                                                                                               the provision of risk
                                                                                                                               reserves.

                  Considered and approved the first quarterly report of
 April 27, 2021                                                           Nil                                                  Nil
                  the Company for 2021.

                                                                                                                               Enquired about
                                                                                                                               the source of
                  Considered and approved the 2021 interim report                                                              revenue growth
                                                                          Recommended that systematic and hidden risks that
                  of the Company and its summary, the 2021 interim                                                             of the Company
 August 26,                                                               need to be brought to the attention of the Audit
                  audit work report of the Company, and interim                                                                in the first half
 2021                                                                     Committee should be classified according to the
                  report on the deposit and actual usage of proceeds                                                           of the year, and
                                                                          business sector in the internal audit work report.
                  for 2021.                                                                                                    the measurement
                                                                                                                               of proprietary
                                                                                                                               investment.

 September 17,    Considered and approved the 2021 self-assessment
                                                                          Nil                                                  Nil
 2021             program on internal control of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

130
                                                                      Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




     Date of                                                                                                                           Other duty
                               Details of meeting                           Major opinions and recommendations
     meeting                                                                                                                          performance

                                                                                                                                Enquired about
                                                                       This year, there are material uncertainties due to       the ranking of
                                                                       issues such as COVID-19, Sino-U.S. competition, risks    the Company’s
               Considered and approved the third quarterly report      in the real estate industry and severe winter weather.   competitiveness
 October 22,
               of the Company for 2021.                                It is recommended that the Company should consider       indicators, and
 2021
               Reviewed the 2021 audit work plan of the Company.       financial asset valuation, impairment testing and        the accountants’
                                                                       other issues as early as possible, and analyze the       audit strategy for
                                                                       scenarios for various situations.                        the Company’s
                                                                                                                                litigation cases.

                                                                       Recommended the Company to attach great
 December 9,   Considered and approved the third quarterly internal
                                                                       importance to the compliance management of anti-         Nil
 2021          audit report of the Company for 2021.
                                                                       money laundering for the brokerage business.

       During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Audit Committee was as follows:

                                                                                              Number of meetings attended/
        No.                                     Name
                                                                                                Number of meetings held

 1                 XIAO Houfa (肖厚發) (chairman)                                            6/6

 2                 SU Jian (粟健) (resigned on April 16, 2021)                              1/1

                   LIU Weiwu (劉威武) (appointed on June 15,
 3                                                                                        4/4
                   2021)
 4                 HUANG Jian (黃堅)                                                        6/6
 5                 HU Honggao (胡鴻高)                                                       6/6
 6                 WONG Ti (汪棣)                                                           6/6



(V) Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

      The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Company include: considering,
reviewing and providing recommendations on the remuneration policy, standard and proposal of the Directors
and senior management of the Company with reference to the principal scope of authorization, duties
and importance of the Directors and senior management as well as the remuneration package for similar
positions of comparable companies; making recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration
policy and structure of the Directors and senior management of the Company and the formulation of official
and transparent procedures for determining the remuneration policy. The remuneration standard and
proposal include but are not limited to appraisal standards and procedures, major evaluation systems, and
major proposals and systems on reward and penalty. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is also
responsible for reviewing and approving the remuneration proposal for the management in accordance with
the corporate missions and targets determined by the Board; reviewing the overall remuneration policy of
the Company and the total amount of annual remuneration and examining the remuneration policy and the
execution of annual remuneration; making recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of executive
Directors and senior management (including salary, pension and compensation (including the compensation


                                                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                               131
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



as to the loss or termination of office or appointment)), as well as the remuneration of non-executive
Directors; considering salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
employment conditions of other positions of the Company; reviewing and approving compensation payable
to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure
that it is consistent with the terms of the employment contracts or is otherwise fair and reasonable; reviewing
and approving compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to
ensure that they are consistent with the terms of the employment contracts or are otherwise reasonable and
appropriate; ensuring that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration;
examining the appraisal standards of the Directors and senior management of the Company; reviewing
and examining the performance of the duties of the Directors and senior management, conducting annual
performance assessment and providing recommendations; overseeing the implementation of remuneration
system of the Company; performing other duties as authorized by the Board; and performing other duties as
required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the Company is listed.
     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held a total of three
meetings. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed the performance of and conducted annual
performance appraisals for the senior management of the Company. It conducted special assessment on
the compliance of the compliance officer of the Company, and made amendments to the Management
Methods for Total Remuneration of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and the Management Methods for
Remuneration of Senior Management of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

   Date of                                                                                                      Other duty
                            Details of meeting                   Major opinions and recommendations
   meeting                                                                                                     performance

                Considered and approved the resolution
                regarding the amendments to the
                Management Methods for Total Remuneration      Recommended the Company to supplement
                of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.,       the background of the amendments to the
                resolution regarding the amendments to the     remuneration management measures and
                Management Methods for Remuneration            the impact on the Company’s financial
 March 18,
                of Senior Management of China Merchants        statements. Upon the consideration and         Nil
 2021
                Securities Co., Ltd., resolution regarding     approval of the remuneration management
                the approval of remuneration of senior         measures by the Board, the accountants
                management of China Merchants Securities       should issue an authentication report on the
                Co., Ltd. for 2018, and resolution regarding   total remuneration in 2018 and 2019.
                the approval of total remuneration of China
                Merchants Securities for 2018 and 2019.

                Reviewed the 2020 annual duty report of
                HU Yu, the Chief Compliance Officer, and
                considered and approved the resolution
                regarding the 2020 assessment report on
 March 25,
                compliance officer of China Merchants          Nil                                            Nil
 2021
                Securities, and resolution regarding the
                amendments to the Pilot Methods of Special
                Assessment on the Compliance of Senior
                Management of China Merchants Securities.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

132
                                                                Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




     Date of                                                                                                 Other duty
                           Details of meeting                      Major opinions and recommendations
     meeting                                                                                                performance

               Reviewed the 2020 annual duty report of
               eight members of senior management, namely
               HUO Da (Chairman), XIONG Jiantao (President
               and Chief Information Officer), DENG Xiaoli
               (Vice President), LI Zongjun (Vice President),
 April 12,
               WU Huifeng (Vice President and secretary to       Nil                                      Nil
 2021
               the Board), ZHAO Bin (Vice President), HU
               Yu (Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Risk
               Officer) and WU Guangyan (Vice President),
               and considered the duty report of Xie Jijun
               (Vice President).

     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
was as follows:

                                                                                 Number of meetings attended/
        No.                                 Name
                                                                                   Number of meetings held

 1                 XIANG Hua (向華) (chairman)                                  3/3

 2                 SU Min (蘇敏)                                                3/3

 3                 PENG Lei (彭磊)                                              3/3

 4                 XIONG Wei (熊偉)                                             3/3

 5                 WONG Ti (汪棣)                                               3/3



(VI) Nomination Committee

      The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Company include: reviewing the structure,
number of members and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
once a year and making recommendations on any intended change to the Board in line with the strategies
of the Company; making recommendations to the Board as to its scale and composition based on the
business operations, asset scale and share structure of the Company; considering and formulating criteria
and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management to be approved by the Board; identifying
qualified candidates for Directors and senior management and giving opinions to the Board; assessing the
independence of independent non-executive Directors; reviewing and providing recommendations on the
appointment and dismissal of Directors and senior management; making recommendations to the Board
on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors, as well as the succession plan of Directors (particularly
the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer); performing other duties as authorized by the Board; and
performing other duties as required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the
Company is listed.
      During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held a total of three meetings. The Nomination
Committee reviewed the structure of the Board of the Company (including Board diversity) and the
qualifications of candidates for Directors and senior management.


                                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     133
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




     Date of                                                                                                 Other duty
                            Details of meeting                   Major opinions and recommendations
     meeting                                                                                                performance

                Considered and approved the resolution
                                                               Recommended the investment banking
                regarding the implementation of professional
 January 26,                                                   business of the Company to facilitate the
                manager system for the position of Vice                                                    Nil
 2021                                                          coordination to the current management
                President responsible for investment banking
                                                               model.
                business.

                Considered and approved the resolution
                regarding the nomination of senior
 March 25,
                management of the Company, and resolution      Nil                                         Nil
 2021
                regarding the report on review of Board
                structure of the Company for 2020.

                Considered and approved the resolution
 April 26,
                regarding the nomination of candidates for     Nil                                         Nil
 2021
                Directors.

       During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Nomination Committee was as follows:

                                                                                   Number of meetings attended/
        No.                                 Name
                                                                                     Number of meetings held

 1                 XIONG Wei (熊偉) (chairman)                                   3/3

 2                 HUO Da (霍達)                                                 3/3

 3                 PENG Lei (彭磊)                                               3/3

 4                 XIAO Houfa (肖厚發)                                            3/3

 5                 HU Honggao (胡鴻高)                                            3/3




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

134
                                                                                        Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



VIII. Duty Performance of Supervisors

      During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company fully performed its duties in
corporate governance in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law and
Securities Law and the related provisions regarding the responsibilities of the Supervisory Committee in the
Articles of Association. The Supervisory Committee supervised the Board and senior management in respect of
their implementation of resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings, inspected the daily operation and
financial position of the Company, monitored the risk control and compliance of the Company, safeguarded
the legal interests of the Company, its shareholders and all investors and ensured regulated operation of the
Company.


(I)       Participation of Supervisors in the Supervisory Committee meetings and the shareholders’
          general meetings


                                                                                                                                                                 Attendance of
                                                                                                                                                                 shareholders’
                                                                              Attendance of meetings of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                                                                                    general
                                                                                                                                                                   meetings
       Name of
                            Position              Number of                                                                                      Whether not
      Supervisor                                                                         Attendance                                                               Attendance of
                                                  meetings of                                                                                     attending in
                                                                  Attendance in            through      Attendance by         Absence                             shareholders’
                                                the Supervisory                                                                                  person in two
                                                                  person (times)       correspondence   proxy (times)         (times)                            general meeting
                                                Committee held                                                                                    consecutive
                                                                                            (times)                                                                  (times)
                                                during the year                                                                                    meetings
 ZHOU Linda Lei    Chairman of the
                                                              5                5                    3                0                  0   No                                   1
 (周語菡)             Supervisory Committee
 LI Xiaofei        Shareholder Representative
                                                              5                5                    5                0                  0   No                                   1
 (李曉霏)             Supervisor
 WANG Zhangwei     Shareholder Representative
                                                              5                5                    5                0                  0   No                                   1
 (王章為)             Supervisor
 MA Yunchun        Shareholder Representative
                                                              5                5                    5                 0                 0   No                                   1
 (馬蘊春)             Supervisor
 ZHANG Zhen        Shareholder Representative
                                                              5                4                    4                 1                 0   No                                   0
 (張震)              Supervisor
 ZOU Qun           Shareholder Representative
                                                              5                5                    5                 0                 0   No                                   1
 (鄒群)              Supervisor
 YIN Hongyan       Employee Representative
                                                              5                5                    3                 0                 0   No                                   1
 (尹虹艶)             Supervisor
 HE Min            Employee Representative
                                                              5                5                    3                 0                 0   No                                   1
 (何敏)              Supervisor
 SHEN Weihua       Employee Representative
                                                              5                    5                3                 0                 0   No                                   1
 (沈衛華)             Supervisor

 Number of meetings of the Supervisory Committee convened                                                                                                                     5
 Of which: Number of onsite meetings                                                                                                                                          0
 Number of meetings convened by way of correspondence                                                                                                                         3
 Number of meetings convened onsite and by way of correspondence                                                                                                              2


                                                                                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                          135
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Convening of the meetings of the Supervisory Committee

     In 2021, the Supervisory Committee convened a total of five meetings, details of which are set out as
follows:

                                 Date of                                                                                  Voting
     No.       Session                                                       Proposal
                                 meeting                                                                                  results

                                             Resolution regarding the 2020 annual report of the Company, resolution
                                             regarding the 2020 operational report of the Company, resolution
           The second                        regarding the internal control evaluation report of the Company for
           meeting of                        2020, resolution regarding the compliance report of the Company for
           the seventh         March 25,     2020, resolution regarding the evaluation report on effectiveness of
 1                                                                                                                        Passed
           session of the      2021          compliance management of the Company for 2020, resolution regarding
           Supervisory                       the 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility and Environmental, Social and
           Committee                         Governance Report, resolution regarding the report on the deposit and
                                             use of proceeds of the Company for 2020, and resolution regarding the
                                             work report of the Supervisory Committee of the Company for 2020

           The third
           meeting of
           the seventh         April 27,
 2                                           Resolution regarding the 2021 first quarterly report of the Company          Passed
           session of the      2021
           Supervisory
           Committee

           The fourth
           meeting of
           the seventh         August 6,     Resolution regarding the audit report in respect of the resignation of Mr.
 3                                                                                                                        Passed
           session of the      2021          XIE Jijun, the former Vice President of the Company
           Supervisory
           Committee

           The fifth meeting
                                             Resolution regarding the 2021 interim operational report of the
           of the seventh
                               August 26,    Company, resolution regarding the 2021 interim report of the Company,
 4         session of the                                                                                                 Passed
                               2021          and resolution regarding the 2021 interim report on the deposit and use
           Supervisory
                                             of proceeds of the Company
           Committee

           The sixth meeting
           of the seventh
                               October 25,
 5         session of the                    Resolution regarding the 2021 third quarterly report of the Company          Passed
                               2021
           Supervisory
           Committee



IX. Risks of the Company Identified by the Supervisory Committee

     The Supervisory Committee had no objections to the matters under supervision during the Reporting
Period.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

136
                                                   Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



X. Employees of the Parent Company and Major Subsidiaries as at the End of
   the Reporting Period

(I)   Employees

      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had a total of 12,061 employees.

 Number of employees of parent company                                                           11,078

 Number of employees of major subsidiaries                                                           927

 Total number of employees                                                                       12,005

 Number of resigned and retired employees with expenses borne by the parent company
                                                                                                      56
 and major subsidiaries

                                    Classification by business function

                                    Business function                                       Number

 Administration and management                                                                       487

 Securities and futures brokerage                                                                  7,687

 Investment banking                                                                                1,437

 Investment management                                                                               254

 Investment and trading                                                                              226

 Research                                                                                            272

 Legal and compliance, risk management and internal audit                                            174

 IT                                                                                                1,141

 Finance and accounting                                                                              167

 Others                                                                                              160

 Total                                                                                           12,005


                               Classification by educational background

                               Educational background                                       Number

 Doctor                                                                                              108

 Master                                                                                            4,080

 Bachelor                                                                                          5,381

 Others                                                                                            2,436

 Total                                                                                           12,005




                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                     137
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Remuneration policy

     The general remuneration policy of the Company is formulated by the Board mainly based on the
remuneration of benchmark companies as well as the performance of major operational indicators of the
Company. The management is responsible for allocating the total remuneration according to the market-
oriented and performance-based principles, which shall consist of competitive fixed remuneration determined
based on the market remuneration data provided by professional management consulting company and
the ranking of the Company among its major competitors, and bonus determined at the discretion of the
Company mainly according to the achievement of key performance indicators of each department, strategic
tasks, and objectives in terms of innovation and synergy, use of economic capital as well as the market rate.
     For the year ended December 31, 2021, total staff remuneration expenses (including Directors’
remuneration) amounted to RMB8,315.8 million. For further details, please refer to note 12 to the financial
report.


(III) Training program

      Focusing on its strategic planning and talent training objectives, the Company continuously improved
training management, optimized training operations, and improved training quality while planning and
implementing training programs classified based on different levels and categories with specific focus. A
series of training programs tailored for particular objectives have been carried out to respond to the tasks of
cultivating multi-functional talents for technology and finance, outstanding young management members and
digital talents. In response to industry supervision, the Company strengthened the training of new employees
and current employees in compliance, risk control, professional ethics and professional integrity to enhance
their capacities in practice. Following the development trend of Internet learning, the Company strived to
promote the extensive use of training via live-streaming and online training at mobile learning platforms,
continuously enriched online training resources, expanded training coverage, and improved learning
efficiency, with an aim to ensure that the training needs necessary for employees’ growth and business
development are met and thereby promoting the Company’s core competitiveness.


(IV) Outsourced services

     Some departments and branches of the headquarters of the Company outsource certain works which are
not essential, non-business and supporting in nature. The Company enters into relevant service agreements
with outsourcers and regulate service quality in compliance with related national laws and regulations such as
the Civil Code of the People’s Republic of China.


(V) Others

      As of December 31, 2021, the Company entered into the securities agency contracts with 1,726 agents.
The Company adopted categorized and classified management on its agents. In respect of categorized
management, the headquarters of the Company is responsible for formulating centralized systems and
regulations on the recruitment, remuneration, performance assessment, training, compliance management
and routine code of conduct, while branch companies and branches shall determine their respective systems
on recruitment, profit sharing commission rate, training and assessment of the marketing personnel under
the framework formulated by the Company. In respect of classified management, the Company classifies its
marketing personnel into different grades according to their sales performance, educational background,
professional qualifications, compliance with laws and regulations and general qualifications. Marketing
personnel are assigned with different remuneration package and scope of business according to their grades.
In particular, general marketing staff is mainly responsible for soliciting new customers, while those with
exceptional performance and higher qualifications is responsible for serving customers with a specific level of
assets.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

138
                                                      Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



XI. Proposals on Profit Distribution or Conversion of Capital Reserve

(I)   Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

     While striving to achieve sustainable growth and development, the Company also attached great
importance to providing reasonable, steady and constant returns to investors, and has implemented a
continuous and stable profit distribution policy.
      The Company may distribute its profits in the form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares,
and may distribute its profit by way of cash dividend as priority. The specific distribution ratio shall be
determined by the Board according to the operating status of the Company and the relevant requirements
of the CSRC, subject to the approval at the shareholders’ general meeting. Under the premises that both the
profit and risk control indicators of the Company have met the regulatory requirements, and after taking into
account the operation and long-term development needs of the Company, the Company will actively adopt
profit distribution in the form of cash.
      The profit distribution of the Company complies with the following requirements:
      1.   profits distributed by the Company in cash each year shall be no less than 10% of distributable
           profits realized in that year, and for any three consecutive years, profits accumulatively distributed
           by the Company in cash shall be no less than 30% of annual average distributable profits realized
           for such three years;
      2.   the Company may not distribute profits beyond the scope of accumulative distributable profits and
           shall ensure that, after the implementation of the profit distribution plan, all risk control indexes
           comply with the standard warning requirements set out in the Measures for the Risk Control
           Indexes of Securities Companies;
      3.   the Company shall in principle distribute profits once each year, but the Board may suggest the
           Company make the interim cash dividend distribution according to its profitability and funding
           requirements and on relevant conditions; and
      4.   where the Company maintains the consistency of share capital expansion with business
           development and performance growth on the premise of complying with the provisions concerning
           cash dividend distribution contained in (1) above and ensuring the reasonable scale of share capital
           of the Company, it may distribute dividends in shares or by other means.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated and implemented the annual profit distribution
plan for 2020 in accordance with the requirements on the policy, decision-making process and arrangement
of dividend under the Plan on Shareholders’ Returns of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (2021–2023) and
the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
     The proposal on the annual profit distribution for 2020 is as follows: Based on the Company’s total share
capital of 8,696,526,806 shares prior to the implementation of the proposal, the Company shall distribute a
cash dividend of RMB4.37 for every 10 shares (tax inclusive) to all shareholders, amounting to cash dividend
of RMB3,800,382,214.22 in total (tax inclusive). The cash dividend distributed accounted for 40.04% of the
net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company in the consolidated statement of the Company
for 2020.
     Such cash dividend shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares in RMB
and to holders of H Shares in Hong Kong dollar. The actual amount of dividend paid in Hong Kong dollar shall
be determined based on the average exchange rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollar published by the People’s
Bank of China for the five business days immediately before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting for
considering the profit distribution plan.
     The profit distribution plan was reviewed by the Company’s independent Directors and was approved
by the Board before it was submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting for approval. The proposals were
considered and passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, where the vote by minority shareholders was
counted separately.
      The profit distribution policy adopted by the Company is in compliance with laws and regulations as
well as stipulations of the Plan on Shareholders’ Returns of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (2021–2023)
and the Articles of Association. The dividend distribution basis and ratio were specific and clear, and the
relevant decision-making procedures and arrangement were complete. The independent Directors have fully
performed their responsibilities in the course of making decisions on profit distribution and the legitimate
rights and interests of minority shareholders were safeguarded.
      The annual profit distribution plan for 2020 of the Company was implemented on July 30, 2021.
                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            139
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Details of cash dividend policy


 Whether the policy was in compliance with the requirements of the Articles of Association or the resolutions   ✓Yes □No
 passed at the shareholders’ general meetings

 Whether the dividend distribution basis and ratio were specific and clear                                      ✓Yes □No
 Whether the relevant decision-making procedures and arrangement were complete                                  ✓Yes □No
 Whether the independent Directors have duly performed their duties and functions                               ✓Yes □No
 Whether there were enough opportunities for minority shareholders to express their views and concerns, and     ✓Yes □No
 whether their legitimate rights and interests were sufficiently safeguarded



(III) Profit distribution

1.     Profit distribution plan for 2021

      The Company will not allocate profit to the statutory reserve for the 2021. Based on the total share
capital registered on the equity registration date for equity distribution, a cash dividend of RMB5.40 (tax
inclusive) for every 10 shares will be distributed to all shareholders; no bonus shares will be distributed; and
no capital reserve will be converted to share capital.
     Based on the total number of shares of the Company of 8,696,526,806 shares as of December 31, 2021,
the total distributed profit is RMB4,696,124,475.24. If the Company’s total share capital changes on the
equity registration date for equity distribution, the Company will keep the total distribution unchanged and
adjust the distribution per share accordingly.
     Such cash dividend shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares in RMB
and to holders of H Shares in Hong Kong dollar. The actual amount of dividend paid in Hong Kong dollar shall
be determined based on the average exchange rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollar published by the People’s
Bank of China for the five business days immediately before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting for
considering the profit distribution plan.
     Upon consideration and approval of the 2021 annual profit distribution plan at the 2021 annual general
meeting of the Company, the Company is expected to distribute the 2021 annual cash dividend before
August 30, 2022. The Company will make separate announcement regarding the record date of such H Share
dividend distribution, the period of closure of register of members, the share registration date for A Share
dividend distribution and the specific payment date.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

140
                                                                 Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



2.   Profit distribution plan/proposal for the last three years:

                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan          Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                   Net profit Percentage of net
                                                                                                             attributable to profit attributable
                                                                                                                   holders of      to holders of
                                                                                                         ordinary shares of ordinary shares of
                          Number of bonus        Dividend for    Conversion into
                                                                                      Cash dividends     the listed company            the listed
              Year         shares for every   every 10 shares    share capital for
                                                                                       (tax inclusive)           for the year company as stated
                                  10 shares    (tax inclusive)    every 10 shares
                                                                                                            as stated in the               in the
                                                                                                                consolidated        consolidated
                                                                                                                     financial          financial
                                                                                                                  statements     statements (%)

      2021                               0               5.40                   0    4,696,124,475.24    11,645,065,137.15                 40.33

      2020                               0               4.37                   0    3,800,382,214.22     9,491,638,796.98                 40.04
      Half year of 2020                  0               3.35                   0    2,913,336,480.01     4,333,834,391.86                 67.22
      2019                               0                  0                   0                0.00     7,282,380,829.33                  0.00

     Note 1: As the Company was engaged in the rights issue exercise in the first half of 2020, no proposal on the
             profit distribution for 2019 was made. The total interim dividends for 2020 accounted for 40.01% of
             the net profit attributable to owners of the parent company in the consolidated financial statements
             in 2019.
     Note 2: According to the “Opinions on Supporting the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies” (《關於
             支持上市公司回購股份的意見》), where listed company repurchases its shares by means of offer or
             centralized auctions with the consideration in cash, it shall be deemed as cash dividend of the listed
             company and be counted in the calculation of relevant proportion of cash dividend. On December
             19, 2019, the Company completed the repurchase of the Company’s A Shares, and the total amount
             of repurchase was RMB663,895,568.36 (excluding transaction fee), accounting for 9.12% of the net
             profit attributable to owners of the Company in the consolidated financial statements in 2019.




                                                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                            141
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



XII. Information about the Company’s Share Incentive Plan, Employee Stock
     Ownership Scheme or Other Employee Incentive Measures and Their
     Impacts

(I)    Related share incentive events which were disclosed in the temporary announcements with no
       progress or change in subsequent implementation


                                                               Summary of event                                                                              Reference
           The “Plan for Repurchasing A Shares of the Company by Centralized Bidding Transactions” was considered and approved at the 17th
 meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the 2019 first extraordinary general meeting, the 2019 first A Shareholders class meeting and the
 2019 first H Shareholders class meeting of the Company. The Company intended to use all of the A Shares repurchased for the employee stock
 ownership scheme.
           The “Proposal for Employee Stock Ownership Scheme (Draft) of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and its Summary” was considered
 and approved at the 25th meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the 2020 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company. The
 “Proposal on the Advanced Completion of A Share Repurchase of the Company” and the “Proposal on Defining the Price and Scale of Purchasing
 the Repurchased Shares of the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Scheme” were considered and approved at the 28th meeting of the sixth
 session of the Board and the 2020 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company, and the “Employee Stock Ownership Scheme (Draft) of           The relevant announcements
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” and its summary were accordingly revised.                                                                     published by the Company
           On January 21, 2020, the Company held the first meeting of holders of employee stock ownership scheme, and considered and                 on the Hong Kong Stock
 approved the “Proposal on the Establishment of Employee Stock Ownership Scheme Management Committee of the Company” and the                         Exchange website on March
 “Proposal on the Election of Members of the Employee Stock Ownership Scheme Management Committee of the Company”.                                   12, March 13, April 11, May
           The Company engaged CMS Asset Management as the management authority for the employee stock ownership scheme, and signed                  20, October 15, November
 the “CMS Asset Management – Asset Management Contract for Single Asset Management Scheme under the China Merchants Securities No.                   8 and December 26, 2019,
 1 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme” with CMS Asset Management on behalf of the employee stock ownership scheme. On March 6, 2020,                    and January 14, January 15,
 the Company received the “Share Transfer Confirmation” issued by the CSDC. On March 3, 2020, the Company completed the share transfer               January 22 and March 5,
 procedures for the employee stock ownership scheme. There are 40,020,780 A Shares under the employee stock ownership scheme of the                  2020.
 Company, accounting for 0.5974% of the Company’s total share capital, with a total of 995 participants.
           Upon the completion of the Company’s A+H Shares rights issue in July and August 2020, there are 52,026,381 A Shares of the Company
 under the employee stock ownership scheme of the Company, accounting for 0.5982% of the Company’s total share capital.
           The source of funds for the Company’s employees to participate in the scheme is the legal salary of the employees and self-raised funds
 obtained by other means permitted by laws and administrative regulations.
           According to the “China Merchants Securities Employee Stock Ownership Scheme (Revised Draft)”, the relevant shares under the
 Company’s employee stock ownership scheme shall be locked up from the date on which the Company announced the completion of such share
 transfer (March 6, 2020) for a period of 36 months.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

142
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Appraisal system of senior management and the establishment and implementation of
       incentive mechanism during the Reporting Period

     The remuneration of the senior management of the Company is determined based on their position
and performance. An annual performance bonus incentives system has been set up under the current
management framework, and the payment of performance-based bonuses is determined by the Board with
reference to the operating results of the Company. The Chairman and senior management of the Company
are entitled to an individual performance bonus based on the annual appraisal results. The distribution
proposal shall be confirmed after the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board issues written
opinions thereon.


XIII. Establishment and Implementation of Internal Control System during the
      Reporting Period

      As an A+H share listed securities company, the Company has established a comprehensive internal
control system in accordance with relevant domestic and overseas laws and regulations as well as relevant
regulations and rules on internal control promulgated by regulatory authorities, the Exchanges and other
self-regulatory organizations. The Company has always established internal control throughout its business
development, constantly improved system construction, strengthened the implementation of the system,
and implemented supervision and inspection, so as to ensure the sustainable and stable development of the
Company.
     According to the evaluation results of internal control of the Company for 2021, the Company had no
major defects in the internal control of financial reporting and non-financial reporting during the Reporting
Period. The Company has established and effectively implemented a relatively comprehensive internal control
mechanism, thereby achieving the overall goal of the Company’s internal control.


XIV. Development of Compliance Management System of the Company

(I)    Establishment of compliance management system of the Company

     The Company has established its five-level compliance management structure comprising the Board,
senior management, Chief Compliance Officer, Legal and Compliance Department, and other departments,
branches and subsidiaries at all levels. In 2021, each level duly performed its respective compliance
management duties and maintained proper compliance level.




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                        143
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      The Company continued to promote the construction of a compliance management system, further
organized the implementation of new regulatory rules and properly conducted regulatory communication.
It also carried out compliance management supervision such as compliance review, compliance training
promotion, compliance inspection, compliance risk treatment, daily compliance monitoring and anti-money
laundering in accordance with the laws and regulations as well as rules of the Company. Meanwhile, the
Company strengthened the prevention and identification of compliance risks, and improved the compliance
risk control mechanism. It followed up and interpreted laws, regulations and standards in a timely manner,
and organized relevant departments to timely revise and refine internal rules and regulations, in order to
implement new regulations and requirements, and effectively enhance the Company’s internal control
management. In addition, the Company newly formulated or revised nine legal and compliance management
policies, including the “Compliance Management Measures of Subsidiaries of China Merchants Securities
Co., Ltd.” (《招商證券股份有限公司子公司合規管理辦法》), “Management Measures for Compliance Officer
of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” (《招商證券股份有限公司合規專員管理辦法》) and “Management
System for Legal Disputes of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” (《招商證券股份有限公司法律糾紛案件
管理制度》), to continuously improve the compliance management system. It promoted vertically integrated
compliance management, strengthened centralized management and overall coordination and revised
relevant supporting systems to improve compliance management efficiency and compliance independence.
The Company strictly implemented the “Accountability Regulations for cadre and staff of China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd.” (《招商證券股份有限公司幹部員工問責管理規定》), and established a sound compliance
accountability system.


(II)   Compliance inspections during the Reporting Period

      In 2021, the legal and compliance department of the Company stepped up its compliance inspections,
actively carried out compliance inspections which focused on major regulatory concerns, high-risk areas and
new businesses, and comprehensively identified the compliance risk and supervised the rectification. A total of
37 compliance inspections were carried out throughout the year, which ensured the execution of the business
regulations.


XV. Management and Control on Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period

      The Company conducts standardized management on its subsidiaries in accordance with the subsidiary
management system. The Company’s management of wholly-owned subsidiaries follows the basic principles
of unified management, independent decision-making and standardized operation with high flexibility and
efficiency. Each functional department of the Company conducts strategic management, human resources
management, financial management and risk compliance management for subsidiaries according to the
functional lines. In addition, the Company has also strengthened the internal management and control
on subsidiaries through the Kingdee system, OA system and other management system software, so as to
improve the operation and management on subsidiaries.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

144
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



XVI.Relevant Issues Based on the Audit Report on Internal Control

     For details of the audit report on internal control of the Company, please refer to the 2021 Audit Report
on Internal Control of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司2021年度內部控制審計
報告》) published on the SSE website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website for the same period of this
report.


XVII. Progress of Audit

      During the Reporting Period, the audit and supervision of the Company thoroughly followed the
concept of “facilitating development through supervision”. First, the Company conducted careful planning
to maintain a stable coverage while calmly responding to new changes in the industry and new requirements
for internal audits to ensure overall coverage rate. Second, it adopted the problem-oriented approach
and maintained strong internal control. Through continuously strengthening the depth and accuracy of
audit findings as well as implementing and improving the institutional system and operational mechanism
anchoring by reasonable, elaborative and feasible opinions and suggestions, the rectification rate of
problems found before deadline remained at a high level. Third, it improved the quality and efficiency
from a management perspective by understanding the development status of the industry, controlling
the implementation of business strategies, comprehensively evaluating the effectiveness and strength of
management policies and management measures and exploring the enhancement in quality and efficiency
with others.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company launched a total of 139 audit items of various types, in which
32 were related to audit and assessment of the headquarters and subsidiaries, comprehensively covering
the Company’s risk control indicators, development management and testing management on information
technology, agency sale of financial products, bond issuance of investment banking business, asset custody
business, asset management business (subsidiary), private equity investment business (subsidiary) and other
businesses or management areas, leading the completion of the effective self-assessment of the Company’s
internal control project. There were 107 audit items with the departure or resignation of the head of
branches.
      Through launching such internal audits and evaluation, the completeness, adequacy and effectiveness of
internal control systems of the audit targets have been comprehensively coordinated and improved. The major
risks have been fully reflected and the prevention and control have been strengthened. The compliance and
risk prevention awareness have also improved. The audit and supervision have provided a strong guarantee for
the high-quality development of various businesses of the Company.




                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         145
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



XVIII. Rectification of Issues Identified from Self-inspection of the Special
       Governance Action of Listed Companies

      According to the planning of the CSRC, in 2021, the Company organized the self-inspection of the
special governance action of listed companies. Upon self-inspection, the Company established and improved a
relatively complete and reasonable corporate governance structure and internal control system in accordance
with relevant laws, regulations, rules and systems such as the Company Law, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines for Listed Companies, the Corporate Governance Guidelines for Securities Companies, the Rules
Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The issues identified in the self-inspection, such
as the extension of the Board and the Supervisory Committee and the failure of certain members of senior
management to attend the shareholders’ general meetings, have all been rectified. The Company will further
enhance its corporate governance in accordance with laws and regulations, and continuously improve its
quality as a listed company.


XIX. Miscellaneous

(I)    Compliance with code on securities transactions

      The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding the transactions of
securities of the Company by all Directors and Supervisors. Having made specific inquiries, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that during the Reporting Period, they have strictly complied with
the standards under the Model Code. According to the requirements of the CSRC, employees of the Company
shall be regarded as securities practitioners and shall be prohibited from dealings in shares. The Company is
not aware of any breach of the guidelines by the relevant employees. The Board will inspect the corporate
governance and its operation from time to time, in order to comply with the applicable requirements
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and safeguard the interests of shareholders. Upon inquiry, all Directors,
Supervisors and senior management have confirmed that they have strictly complied with the applicable
requirements under the Model Code and the Management Rules on the Shares and Changes of Shareholdings
of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有
限公司董事、監事和高級管理人員所持公司股份及其變動管理制度》). For details regarding the shareholdings
of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management in the Company, please see “Change in shareholdings
and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
Reporting Period” in this chapter.


(II)   Responsibilities of Directors for financial statements

      The following responsibility statement of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
of this report, while each responsibility statement shall be interpreted separately.
     The Board of the Company has confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual
report for the year ended December 31, 2021 of the Group.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

146
                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



     The Board of the Company is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and well-defined assessment
on the interim and annual reports, inside information, and other matters that need to be disclosed according
to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided relevant and
necessary explanations and information for the Board so that the Board could make an informed assessment
on the financial data and position of the Group.
     To the knowledge of the Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant
uncertainty likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustained operations. In
addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities to which
the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed.


(III) Joint company secretaries

     Mr. WU Huifeng and Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne are the joint company secretaries of the Company,
whose appointments were made in July 2015 and April 2016, respectively, and became effective in October
2016. Mr. WU Huifeng is the secretary to the Board and the main contact person within the Company.
Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne is a vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited.
According to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, for the year ended December 31, 2021, both Mr. WU
Huifeng and Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne have received over 15 hours of relevant professional training.


(IV) Interests of shareholders

      The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict compliance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for the Shareholders’ General Meetings to ensure the equal status of
all shareholders, in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.
      The Company pays high attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively and regularly
carries out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and fulfill their
reasonable requests timely. The Company has formulated a series of thorough rules and regulations such as
the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship (《投資者關係管理制度》), to manage investor
relationship in accordance with the standards, systems and procedures. The Company has formed good
interaction and communication with the investors through various channels, such as investor service hotlines,
the special column for investor relations in the Company’s website and reception of on-site researchers.
     The Board of the Company welcomes the shareholders’ advice and encourages shareholders to attend
the shareholders’ general meetings to ask the Board or management directly about any doubts they may
hold. Shareholders may convene and hold extraordinary general meetings and submit temporary proposals to
general meetings according to the procedures set out in the Articles of Association, which has been published
on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong as well as the
Company’s website. The Company will arrange for the Board and the Management to answer shareholders’
questions in its general meeting.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           147
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(V) Auditor’s remuneration

     For details of the auditor’s remuneration of the Company, please refer to “II. Appointment and Removal
of Accounting Firms” in “Chapter 6: Major Events” of this report.


(VI) Relationship with investors

     The Company attaches great importance to investor relations management, actively carries out
the management of investor relations, continuously enhances the transparency of the Company, and
comprehensively introduces the business development advantages of the Company, so as to enable investors
to have a better understanding of the Company. The Company has formulated the Standards for the Work of
the Secretary to the Board (《董事會秘書工作規範》), Information Disclosure Management System (《信息披露
事務管理制度》), and the Investor Relations Management System (《投資者關係管理制度》), and has defined
the relevant working mechanisms. Other than the information disclosure channels required by the laws, the
Company mainly communicates with investors by shareholders’ general meetings, investor briefing sessions,
phone, e-mail, Internet platform, reception of visitors and participating in investor meetings.
      In 2021, the Company held the online briefing and analyst telephone conference for 2020 annual
results and 2021 interim results as well as the online briefing for 2021 third quarter results. The Company
participated in the “Delivering value and creating a sound system through communication” online collective
reception day for investors of listed companies in Shenzhen. The Company communicated with domestic
and foreign analysts as well as investors of more than 600 person-times in-depth on issues such as industry
trends, operation and development of the Company through various channels, including brokerage strategy
meetings, telephone conference, SSE e-Interaction, hotline, e-mail and WeChat, with an aim to actively
promote the investment value of the Company. The market value of the Company ranked seventh among
listed brokerage companies as at the end of 2021, reflecting the high recognition on the Company’s good
image in the capital market by domestic and foreign investors.


(VII) Risk management

      For details of the risk management of the Company, please refer to the relevant content of “Potential
risks” in “Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors” of this report.
     For details of the internal control of the Company, please refer to the “2021 Internal Control Assessment
Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” (《 招商證券股份有限公司2021年度內部控制評價報告》)
published on the SSE website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website for the same period of this
report and “Establishment and Implementation of Internal Control System during the Reporting Period”,
“Development of Compliance Management System of the Company” and “Progress of Audit” in this Chapter.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

148
                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(VIII) Management of inside information

      The Company has formulated certain management systems for information disclosure and relevant
inside information and established an operating mechanism for managing inside information in accordance
with regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period, the Company revised the Registration System
for Persons with Inside Information of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司內幕
信息知情人登記制度》) in accordance with the Provisions on the Registration and Management System of
Persons with Inside Information of Listed Companies (《關於上市公司內幕信息知情人登記管理制度的規定》)
issued by the CSRC on February 3, 2021 and the Reporting Guidelines on Persons with Inside Information of
Listed Companies (《上市公司內幕信息知情人報送指引》) issued by the SSE on February 28, 2020. On April
27, 2021, the revision was considered and approved at the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the Board
of the Company. The Company has also standardized and strengthened the Company’s inside information
registration by issuing notices on strengthening the confidentiality and registration of inside information, and
convening registration meeting for insiders.
      The confidentiality and registration of inside information are regulated based on the Registration System
for Persons with Inside Information (《 內幕信息知情人登記制度》) to enhance the level of confidentiality
and the management of insiders. According to the Information Disclosure System (《信息披露制度》), the
content, procedure, management and responsibility of information disclosure are clarified; internal collection
and management of major information are refined through the appointment of contact persons for internal
reporting of major information at each of the departments, branches and subsidiaries; and timely collection
and standard management of the Company’s significant inside information are safeguarded. According to
Investor Relations Management System (《投資者關係管理制度》), information disclosure shall be made on
a fair basis. The operating mechanism for managing inside information covers all key aspects of controlling
inside information including the collection, circulation, verification, confidentiality and fair disclosure. The
Company ensures the effectiveness of such mechanism by enhancing the training system, defining the duty
requirements, upholding accountability and improving the awareness of information disclosure.


(IX) Amendments to the Articles of Association

     There were no amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company in 2021.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           149
Chapter 5: Environment and Social Responsibility


I. Information on Environmental Protection

(I)    Information on efforts conductive to ecological protection, pollution prevention and control
       and environmental responsibility fulfillment

     Please refer to the 2021 Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券
股份有限公司2021年度社會責任報告》) and 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published by
the Company for the same period of this report on the SSE website and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
website, respectively.


(II)   Measures adopted for reducing carbon emissions during the Reporting Period and their effects

     Please refer to the 2021 Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券
股份有限公司2021年度社會責任報告》) and 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published by
the Company for the same period of this report on the SSE website and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
website, respectively.


II.    Performance of Social Responsibilities

    Please refer to the 2021 Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證
券股份有限公司2021年度社會責任報告》) and 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. published by the Company for the same period of this report on the SSE
website and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website, respectively.


III. Details of Consolidation and Advancement of Poverty Alleviation, Rural
     Revitalization and Other Activities

      In 2021, the Company strictly implemented the requirements of “not shirking its responsibilities,
not repealing poverty alleviation policies, not ceasing assistance, and not stopping regulation (四個不摘)”
and promoted the effective connection between the efforts of consolidation and advancement of poverty
alleviation and rural revitalization through the priority layout of projects, the key guarantee of resource
allocation and the preferential support of policies.
      In 2021, the Company assisted 3 enterprises in poverty alleviation counties to raise RMB10.792 billion in
total through equity financing, and assisted Handan Transportation Investment Group Co., Ltd. (邯鄲市交通投
資集團有限公司) and Dazhou Investment Co., Ltd. (達州市投資有限公司) to raise a sum of RMB3.402 billion
by issuing the rural revitalization bonds.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

150
                                           Chapter 5: Environment and Social Responsibility



(I)    Assisting Lantian Gas, a leading company in the gas field, to be listed on the A share market

     On January 29, 2021, Henan Lantian Gas Co., Ltd. (stock code: 605368, hereinafter referred to as
“Lantian Gas”) was successfully listed on the SSE, with the gross proceeds amounting to RMB979.88 million.
China Merchants Securities served as the sole sponsor and joint lead underwriter for such issuance and listing.
      Lantian Gas is an industry-renowned comprehensive gas company registered in Queshan County (once
included in the list of national-level poverty-stricken counties by the Securities Association), Zhumadian City,
Henan Province, and is mainly engaged in pipeline natural gas and urban gas businesses in Henan Province.
Upon the successful listing of Lantian Gas, it will vigorously invest in the construction of natural gas utilization
projects in villages and townships around Zhumadian City. Such construction project is in line with industrial
policies and the government’s planning, as well as the strategic requirements for structural adjustment of
energy consumption in China. It played a role in ensuring the overall planning of urban and rural development
and the facilitation of new-type urbanization, making significant contributions to improving the atmospheric
environment, promoting economic and social development and enhancing the quality of life of the people.


(II)   Assisting JinGuan Electric to be listed on the STAR Market

     On June 18, 2021, JinGuan Electric Co., Ltd. (stock code: 688517, hereinafter referred to as “JinGuan
Electric”) was successfully listed on the SSE. Under such public issuance, JinGuan Electric issued a total
of 34,027,296 shares with an issue price of RMB7.71 per share, and the gross proceeds amounted to
RMB262.3505 million. China Merchants Securities served as the sole sponsor and lead underwriter for such
issuance and listing.
      JinGuan Electric was established in 2005, and its registered address is Neixiang County (once included
in the list of national-level poverty-stricken counties by the Securities Association, and is one of targeted
poverty alleviation counties of the Company), Nanyang City, Henan Province. It is a national hi-tech
enterprise specializing in the R&D, manufacturing and sales of UHV power transmission, distribution and
control equipment, with its metal oxide lightning arrester produced recognized as an individual champion
product of the manufacturing industry by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. In 2017, it
was rated as a leading innovation enterprise in Henan Province, and “JinGuan Electric” together with its
trademark was recognized as a Chinese well-known trademark by the State Administration for Industry and
Commerce. During the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the new cross-regional transmission channels of the State Grid
will mainly transport clean energy. Upon the successful listing of JinGuan Electric, it will actively devote itself
to transitioning to clean energy and low-carbon and assisting the adjustment of energy structure, thereby
promoting rural revitalization and creating greater value for the society.


(III) Assisting Muyuan Foods to receive proceeds of RMB9.55 billion by issuing convertible bonds

     In August 2021, Muyuan Foods Co. Ltd. (stock code: 002714, hereinafter referred to as Muyuan Foods)
publicly issued convertible corporate bonds, and the gross proceeds amounted to RMB9.55 billion. China
Merchants Securities served as the sponsor and joint lead underwriter for such convertible bond issuance.




                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              151
Chapter 5: Environment and Social Responsibility



     The principal businesses of Muyuan Foods are pig husbandry, feed processing, pig breeding and pig
slaughtering, and its registered address is Neixiang County, Nanyang City, Henan Province. China Merchants
Securities had been preparing for the listing of Muyuan Foods since 2008, and Muyuan Foods was listed on
the SME Board of the SZSE in January 2014, raising proceeds of RMB722 million. Upon the listing of Muyuan
Foods, by accurately understanding the development strategy of Muyuan Foods and deeply exploring the
various needs of Muyuan Foods, China Merchants Securities provided all-round capital market services for
Muyuan Foods, becoming a long-term and major partnering securities firm of Muyuan Foods, and vigorously
supporting Muyuan Foods to become a leading enterprise in the livestock industry. Muyuan Foods utilized the
proceeds for its own operation and development as well as poverty alleviation projects, which also effectively
boosted the economic development and growth of social employment of Neixiang County. In recent years,
as the economic growth rate and increment rate of Neixiang County continued to rise, the comprehensive
development of Nanyang City climbed from the third tier to the first tier, becoming a star county in the
regional economy.


(IV) Assisting the issuance of rural revitalization bonds

     In August 12, 2021, the Company assisted Handan Transportation Investment Group Co., Ltd. (邯鄲市
交通投資集團有限公司) to issue rural revitalization bonds named as the “2021 Medium-term Notes (Rural
Revitalization) (First Tranche) of Handan Transportation Investment Group Co., Ltd. (邯鄲市交通投資集團有限
公司2021年度第一期中期票據（鄉村振興）)”, with a total issuance amount of RMB1 billion.
     In November 24, 2021, the Company assisted the issuance of asset-backed securities of the Anhe Asset
Support Special Scheme (Rural Revitalization) (Third Tranche) (安和第3期資產支持專項計劃（鄉村振興）), with
a total issuance amount of RMB1.402 billion.
      In December 16, 2021, the Company assisted Dazhou Investment Co., Ltd. (達州市投資有限公司) to
issue the 2021 Directional Debt Financing Instrument (Old Revolutionary Base Areas/Rural Revitalization) (First
Tranche) (2021年度第一期定向債務融資工具（革命老區╱鄉村振興）), with a total issuance amount of RMB1
billion.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

152
                                                                                                                          Chapter 6: Major Events


I. Performance of Undertakings

Undertakings of obligors, including the de facto controller, shareholders, related parties and acquirer
of the Company and the Company during or subsisting at the time of the Reporting Period


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Follow-
                                                                                                                                                              Whether the
                                                                                                                                                                                                     up actions,
                                                                                                                                               Whether the    undertakings          Reason
                                                                                                                                                                                                     in case of
                                                                                                                                               undertakings    have been            for not
                                                                                                              Effective time and validity                                                        undertakings
  Background          Type        Party(ies)                             Details                                                                     have a         strictly       performed
                                                                                                                         period                                                                         not
                                                                                                                                               performance     performed           in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                                                     performed
                                                                                                                                                 deadline      in a timely          manner
                                                                                                                                                                                                     in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                manner
                                                                                                                                                                                                      manner

                                               Pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking Letter in
                                               favor of the Company, Jisheng Investment has undertaken        Upon the public offering and
  Undertaking
                   To resolve                  that it will not engage in any business which competes         listing of the A Shares of
  related to the                 Jisheng
                   horizontal                  directly with the existing principal businesses of the         the Company, and as long         Yes            Yes              –                 –
  initial public                 Investment
                   competition                 Company and its subsidiaries (whether wholly-owned             as Jisheng Investment is a
    offering
                                               or not) in accordance with laws and administrative             shareholder of the Company.
                                               regulations.

                                               Pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking Letter
                                               in favor of the Company, China Merchants Group has
                                               undertaken that it and the legal entities beneficially
                                               controlled by it will not establish new securities companies
                                                                                                              Upon the public offering and
                                               or control other securities companies through acquisition
  Undertaking                                                                                                 listing of the A Shares of the
                   To resolve    China         in the PRC. For businesses of the same or similar nature
  related to the                                                                                              Company, and as long as
                   horizontal    Merchants     to securities companies engaged by the non-securities                                           Yes            Yes              –                 –
  initial public                                                                                              China Merchants Group is
                   competition   Group         companies controlled by China Merchants Group, it
    offering                                                                                                  the de facto controller of the
                                               will make sufficient disclosure in accordance with laws
                                                                                                              Company.
                                               upon the public offering and listing of the shares of the
                                               Company. China Merchants Group shall not harm the
                                               interests of the Company and other shareholders by virtue
                                               of its role of de facto controller of the Company.

                                               Pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking Letter
  Undertaking      To resolve                  in favor of the Company, CM Finance Investment has             As long as CM Finance
                                 CM Finance
  related to re-   horizontal                  undertaken that it and other entities controlled by it will    Investment is a controlling      Yes            Yes              –                 –
                                 Investment
    financing      competition                 not engage in any business which competes with the             shareholder of the Company.
                                               businesses of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                          153
Chapter 6: Major Events




                                                                                                                                                                                              Follow-
                                                                                                                                                      Whether the
                                                                                                                                                                                             up actions,
                                                                                                                                       Whether the    undertakings          Reason
                                                                                                                                                                                             in case of
                                                                                                                                       undertakings    have been            for not
                                                                                                       Effective time and validity                                                       undertakings
  Background       Type      Party(ies)                            Details                                                                   have a         strictly       performed
                                                                                                                  period                                                                        not
                                                                                                                                       performance     performed           in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                                             performed
                                                                                                                                         deadline      in a timely          manner
                                                                                                                                                                                             in a timely
                                                                                                                                                        manner
                                                                                                                                                                                              manner

                                          They have undertaken not to interfere in the operation
                                          and management activities of the Company beyond
                                          the authority; not to encroach upon the interests of
                                          the Company; not to deliver interests to other units or
                                          individuals free of charge or under unfair conditions, nor
                                          damage the interests of the Company in other means;
                                                                                                       As long as China Merchants
                            China         if the CSRC makes other new regulatory provisions on
                                                                                                       Group is the de facto
  Undertaking               Merchants     remedial measures and other new undertakings before
                                                                                                       controller of the Company;
  related to re-   Others   Group, CM     the completion of the rights issue, and the aforesaid                                        Yes            Yes              –                 –
                                                                                                       as long as CM Finance
    financing               Finance       undertakings fail to meet such provisions of the CSRC,
                                                                                                       Investment is a controlling
                            Investment    the additional undertakings will be given in accordance
                                                                                                       shareholder of the Company.
                                          with the latest provisions of the CSRC; in case of any
                                          loss caused to the Company or other shareholders due
                                          to violation of the aforesaid undertakings or refusal to
                                          perform the aforesaid undertakings, they shall be liable
                                          for compensation to the Company or other shareholders
                                          according to the laws.

                            China
     Other                                When there is unusual price movement in the shares of
                            Merchants                                                                  When there is unusual price
  undertakings                            the Company, they will not reduce their shareholdings
                   Others   Group,                                                                     movement in the shares of the   Yes            Yes              –                 –
   to minority                            in the Company and will increase their shareholdings in
                            China Ocean                                                                Company.
  shareholders                            accordance with laws when appropriate.
                            Shipping




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

154
                                                                             Chapter 6: Major Events



II.   Appointment and Removal of Accounting Firms

                                                                         Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                   Currently appointed

       Name of domestic accounting firm                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified
                                                                   Public Accountants LLP (Special General
                                                                   Partnership)

       Remuneration of domestic accounting firm                    236.50

       Term of appointment of domestic accounting firm             4 years

       Name of international accounting firm                       Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified
                                                                   Public Accountants LLP

       Remuneration of international accounting firm               108

       Term of appointment of international accounting firm        4 years

                                                                         Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                               Name                                      Remuneration

       Accounting firm for internal control    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified        35
       and auditing                            Public Accountants LLP (Special General
                                               Partnership)



      Description of appointment and dismissal of accounting firm

     The Company has continued to engage Deloitte (including Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
Accountants LLP (Special General Partnership) and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Public Accountants LLP) as
the auditors for the Company’s financial reports and internal control for the year 2021. Deloitte has been
providing annual audit services for the Company for four consecutive years since 2018.




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                        155
Chapter 6: Major Events



III. Material Litigations or Arbitrations

      Certain investors of China Security Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Security”) commenced
litigations against China Security and its directors, China Security & Fire Technology Co., Limited (its
subsidiary, hereafter referred to as “China Security & Fire Technology”) and intermediaries such as the
Company, respectively, in the Shanghai Financial Court for civil compensation regarding relevant investment
losses caused by false statements in the securities market, claiming China Security to compensate for their
losses and bear the litigation expenses and requesting China Security & Fire Technology, directors and relevant
personnel of China Security and relevant intermediaries to be jointly liable for the losses. On May 18, 2021,
the Higher People’s Court of Shanghai made second trial judgments on the cases involving two investors,
ordering the Company to bear joint liability within the scope of 25% for the total losses of RMB228 thousand
payable by China Security to the two investors. As of March 25, 2022, in addition to the two investors in
the above cases, the Company received litigation materials and notices of a total of 4,071 investors from
the Shanghai Financial Court. Among which, the Company received first trial judgments from the Shanghai
Financial Court on the cases involving 3,630 investors, ordering the Company to bear joint liability within the
scope of 25% for the losses of RMB459.6293 million payable by China Security to the investors.
     Save as disclosed above, there were no other material litigations or arbitrations during the Reporting
Period.


IV. Punishment and Remedial Measures on the Listed Company, its Directors,
    Supervisors, Senior Management, Controlling Shareholder and De Facto
    Controller Due to Suspected Violations of Laws and Regulations

     In November 2021, the CSRC and its local offices issued the “Decision on Taking Remedial Measures
against China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd.” and “Decision on Taking Administrative
Supervision Measures by Issuing Warning Letters to China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd.”
to CMS Asset Management. In response to the irregular operation of certain asset management products,
the imprudent investment decisions and the valuation of assets related to certain private asset management
products proposed by regulatory authorities, CMS Asset Management actively promoted rectification,
formulated special investment management guidelines for relevant products, comprehensively standardized
the management before, during and after investment, and actively facilitated the change of valuation
methods.
     On May 26, 2021, the Company received the Administrative Punishment Decision (Shen Ren Yin Fa
[2021] No. 10) from the Shenzhen Central Sub-branch of the People’s Bank of China (hereinafter referred
to as PBOC Shenzhen). PBOC Shenzhen imposed a fine of RMB1.73 million on the Company for client
identification, suspicious transaction reports and other issues found in the anti-money laundering inspection
on the Company in 2020. The Company paid the fine in a timely manner, formulated a special rectification
plan, earnestly carried out rectification, and submitted a rectification report to PBOC Shenzhen.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

156
                                                                              Chapter 6: Major Events



V. Integrity of the Company and Its Controlling Shareholder and De Facto
   Controller during the Reporting Period

     During the Reporting Period, the Company and its controlling shareholder and de facto controller were
not subject to any outstanding court order or large amount of overdue liabilities.


VI. Material Connected Transactions

     Continuing connected transactions

     We entered into the Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and Services Framework Agreement,
the Administrative Procurement Framework Agreement (the “2019 Administrative Procurement Framework
Agreement”) and the Property Leasing Framework Agreement (the “2019 Property Leasing Framework
Agreement”, together with other framework agreements, the “Framework Agreements”) with China
Merchants Group on May 21, 2019. Of which, the term of the Securities and Financial Products, Transactions
and Services Framework Agreement shall commence from September 9, 2019 until December 31, 2021,
and the term of the 2019 Administrative Procurement Framework Agreement and 2019 Property Leasing
Framework Agreement shall commence from May 21, 2019 until December 31, 2021. On August 28, 2020,
the Company and China Merchants Group entered into the new Administrative Procurement Framework
Agreement (the “2020 Administrative Procurement Framework Agreement”), the term of which shall
commence from August 28, 2020 until December 31, 2021, and the 2019 Administrative Procurement
Framework Agreement was terminated on the same day. Pursuant to the Framework Agreements, the
Company and China Merchants Group and/or its associates agreed that (i) they shall provide securities and
financial products and transactions to each another, and the Group shall provide financial services to China
Merchants Group and/or its associates, in their respective ordinary course of business based on normal
commercial terms and market practices at prevailing market prices or rates; (ii) the Group shall procure various
administrative office supplies and administrative comprehensive services related to its daily business activities
from China Merchants Group and/or its associates in its ordinary course of business; and (iii) China Merchants
Group and/or its associates shall lease properties to the Group in its ordinary course of business. For details,
please refer to the announcements of the Company dated May 21, 2019 and August 28, 2020, respectively.
     Given that the terms of the 2019 Property Leasing Framework Agreement and the 2020 Administrative
Procurement Framework Agreement expired on December 31, 2021, on March 27, 2022, the Company and
China Merchants Group renewed the 2019 Property Leasing Framework Agreement for a term commencing
from March 27, 2022 to December 31, 2026 and the 2020 Administrative Procurement Framework
Agreement for a term commencing March 27, 2022 to December 31, 2024. For details, please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated March 27, 2022.
      We entered into the 2021 Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and Services Framework
Agreement (the “COSCO Shipping Framework Agreement”) with China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited
(“COSCO Shipping”) on December 30, 2020 for a term commencing from December 30, 2020 until December
31, 2021. Pursuant to the COSCO Shipping Framework Agreement, the Company and COSCO Shipping and/
or its associates agreed that they shall provide securities and financial products and transactions to each
another, and the Group shall provide financial services to COSCO Shipping and/or its associates, in their
respective ordinary course of business based on normal commercial terms and market practices at prevailing
market prices or rates.
     China Merchants Group is the controlling shareholder of the Company. Under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules, China Merchants Group and its associates are connected persons of the Company.
      COSCO Shipping became a substantial shareholder of the Company in July 2020. Under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules, COSCO Shipping and its associates are connected persons of the Company.


                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           157
Chapter 6: Major Events



(I)   Continuing connected transactions between the Company and China Merchants Group and/or
      its associates

A.    Securities and financial products and transactions

      Reasons for the transactions

     We conduct securities and financial transactions with China Merchants Group and/or its associates in our
ordinary course of business from time to time. Such transactions can generate cost synergies by integrating
the advantageous resources of the Group and China Merchants Group and/or its associates, thereby
enhancing the Group’s profitability and strengthening the Group’s leading position in the securities industry.
The estimated annual caps of the total inflow and total outflow of the securities and financial products and
transactions contemplated under the Framework Agreement for the three years ended December 31, 2021
are as follows:

                                                                                   RMB million

       Securities and financial products and
       transactions                                                        2019           2020         2021

       Inflow                                                           10,290          10,890        11,110

       Outflow                                                            8,440         10,840        14,940

      (1)   “Inflow” represents our total cash inflow from the sale of fixed-income products and equity
            products to, trading of derivative products with and/or borrowing/repurchase from financing
            transactions with China Merchants Group and its associates.
      (2)   “Outflow” represents our total cash outflow from the purchase of fixed-income products and
            equity products from, trading of derivative products with and/or lending/resale from financing
            transactions with China Merchants Group and its associates.
      (3)   The estimated annual caps include China Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries


      Historical figures

     The Group had securities and financial products transactions with China Merchants Group and/or its
associates, with a total cash inflow of RMB3,545 million and a total cash outflow of RMB4,345 million. Such
amounts did not exceed the caps for 2021.

                                                                                                 RMB million

       Securities and financial products
       and transactions                                                              As at December 31, 2021

       Inflow                                                                                       3,544.63

       Outflow                                                                                      4,345.38

      Note: Historical figures include China Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

158
                                                                               Chapter 6: Major Events



B.   Financial services

     Reasons for the transactions

      In our ordinary course of business, we provide various financial services to our clients, which include
China Merchants Group and its associates. Such transactions can generate cost synergies by integrating the
advantageous resources of the Group and China Merchants Group and/or its associates, thereby enhancing
the Group’s profitability and strengthening the Group’s leading position in the securities industry. Due to their
business needs and our expertise and professional capabilities, we had been engaged by China Merchants
Group and its associates to provide financial services including (but not limited to) underwriting, sponsoring,
financial advisory and financial products agency sale services from time to time. The estimated annual caps of
the financial services (insofar as an annual cap is required to be set for that service) to be provided under the
Framework Agreement for the three years ended December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                RMB million

      Financial services                                                2019             2020             2021

      Income generated by us                                          230.11           231.22           232.39



     Historical figures

     As at December 31, 2021, the Group provided securities and financial services to China Merchants
Group and/or its associates and generated income of RMB185.6510 million, which was below the annual cap
of 2021. The figures are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                  RMB million

                                                                                                      As at
                                                                                                December 31,
      Financial services                                                                               2021

      Total income generated by us                                                                   185.6510

     Details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in “note 60 to the consolidated
financial statements” in this report.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           159
Chapter 6: Major Events



C.    Administrative procurement and property leasing

      Reasons for the transactions

      We conduct administrative procurement and property leasing with China Merchants Group, our
controlling shareholder, and its associates from time to time in our ordinary course of business. Such
transactions can generate synergies by integrating the strengths of the Group and China Merchants Group
and/or its associates, thereby reducing the Group’s overall operating costs and overheads to further enhance
its profitability and the Group’s leading position in the securities industry. The estimated annual caps of the
administrative procurement and property leasing contemplated under the Framework Agreement for the
three years ended December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                RMB million

       Transactions                                                    2019             2020             2021

       Administrative procurement                                         23     45.75 (note)       71.5 (note)

       Property leasing                                                   21               22               23

      Note: On August 28, 2020, at the 35th meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the estimated annual caps
            for the Administrative Procurement Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and
            China Merchants Group were revised. The estimated annual caps for 2020 and 2021 were adjusted from
            RMB25 million and RMB27 million to RMB45.75 million and RMB71.5 million, respectively.


      Historical figures

     As at December 31, 2021, the administrative procurement and property leasing between the Group
and China Merchants Group and its associates from time to time amounted to RMB64.4575 million and
RMB16.6106 million, respectively, which were below the annual caps of 2021. The figures are set out in the
table below:

                                                                                                 RMB million

                                                                                                      As at
                                                                                                December 31,
       Transactions                                                                                    2021

       Administrative procurement                                                                     64.4575

       Property leasing                                                                               16.6106




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

160
                                                                            Chapter 6: Major Events



(II)   Continuing connected transactions between the Company and COSCO SHIPPING Group and/or
       its associates

A.     Securities and financial products and transactions

       Reasons for the transactions

      We conduct securities and financial transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group and/or its associates
in our ordinary course of business from time to time. Such transactions can give full play to the resource
advantages of the Group and COSCO Shipping and enhance the market competitiveness of the cooperation
between the two parties. The transactions under the agreement can facilitate the provision of comprehensive
and high-quality services for both parties and their clients. The estimated annual caps of the total inflow and
total outflow of the securities and financial products and transactions contemplated under the Framework
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                RMB million

        Securities and financial products and transactions                                              2021

        Inflow                                                                                         1,280

        Outflow                                                                                        1,280

       (1)   “Inflow” represents our total cash inflow from the sale of fixed-income products and equity
             products to, trading of derivative products with and/or borrowing/repurchase from financing
             transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group and its associates.
       (2)   “Outflow” represents our total cash outflow from the purchase of fixed-income products and
             equity products from, trading of derivative products with and/or lending/resale from financing
             transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group and its associates.


       Historical figures

     The Group had securities and financial products transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group and/or its
associates, with a total cash inflow of RMB156.8022 million and a total cash outflow of RMB319.7495 million.
Such amounts did not exceed the caps for 2021.

                                                                                                RMB million

                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                              December 31,
        Securities and financial products and transactions                                           2021

        Inflow                                                                                      156.8022

        Outflow                                                                                     319.7495




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          161
Chapter 6: Major Events



B.    Financial services

      Reasons for the transactions

     In our ordinary course of business, we provide various financial services to our clients, which include
COSCO SHIPPING Group and/or its associates. Such transactions can give full play to the resource advantages
of the Group and COSCO SHIPPING and enhance the market competitiveness of the cooperation between
the two parties. The transactions under the agreement can facilitate the provision of comprehensive and
high-quality services for both parties and their clients. Due to their business needs and our expertise and
professional capabilities, we had been engaged by COSCO SHIPPING Group and/or its associates to provide
financial services including (but not limited to) underwriting, sponsoring, financial advisory and financial
products agency sale services from time to time. The estimated annual cap of the financial services (insofar as
an annual cap is required to be set for that service) to be provided under the Framework Agreement for the
year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows:

                                                                                                RMB million

       Financial services                                                                               2021

       Income generated by us                                                                              39



      Historical figures

    As at December 31, 2021, the Group provided securities and financial services to COSCO SHIPPING
Group and/or its associates and generated income of RMB2.9006 million, which was below the annual cap of
2021. The figures are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                RMB million

                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                              December 31,
       Financial services                                                                            2021

       Total income generated by us                                                                   2.9006

     Details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in “note 60 to the consolidated
financial statements” in this report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

162
                                                                        Chapter 6: Major Events



    The Company has confirmed that, during the Reporting Period, when engaging the continuing
connected transactions set out above, the Group has followed the pricing principles for such continuing
connected transactions.


    Confirmation of independent non-executive Directors

    The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing
connected transactions and confirmed that:
    (1)   the above continuing connected transactions are entered into during the ordinary course of the
          business of the Company;
    (2)   the above continuing connected transactions are entered into on normal commercial terms or more
          favorable terms; and
    (3)   the above continuing connected transactions are executed by agreements, the terms of which are
          fair and reasonable and are in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


    Confirmation of independent auditor

     The independent auditor of the Company has reviewed the above continuing connected transactions
and confirmed that:
    (1)   they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the continuing connected
          transactions disclosed have not been approved by the Board;
    (2)   in respect of the continuing connected transactions involving the provision of services by the
          Company, they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the transactions
          are not executed in accordance with the pricing policy of the Company in any material aspects;
    (3)   they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the transactions are not
          entered into in accordance with the relevant governing agreements in any material aspects; and
    (4)   in respect of the aggregate transaction amount of each continuing connected transaction, they
          are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the continuing connected
          transactions disclosed have exceeded the annual caps determined by the Company.




                                                                                       2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                    163
Chapter 6: Major Events



      Connected transactions

      On September 24, 2021, China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (“CMS Investment”, a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into a cooperation agreement with Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate
Co., Ltd. (珠海依雲房地產有限公司) (“Zhuhai Yiyun”), pursuant to which CMS Investment and Zhuhai Yiyun
agreed to establish a joint venture company for the purpose of holding 37% equity interest in Changsha
Renhui Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (長沙仁惠房地產有限公司) in accordance with the Changsha
Cooperation Framework Agreement. The registered capital of the joint venture company is RMB602.81
million, of which RMB307.433 million and RMB295.377 million will be contributed by Zhuhai Yiyun and CMS
Investment, respectively, representing 51% and 49% of the registered capital of the joint venture company.
Such transactions can optimize the asset allocation structure of the equity investment business of China
Merchants Securities and improve its capital utilization efficiency leveraging the coordination of internal
resources of China Merchants Group and its subsidiaries.
     China Merchants Group is the controlling shareholder of the Company and is therefore a connected
person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Zhuhai Yiyun is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CM Shekou
(which is in turn held by China Merchants Group as to 63.64% as of September 2, 2021 and 63.31% as of
December 31, 2021), and is therefore an associate of China Merchants Group and a connected person of the
Company under the Listing Rules.
   For details of the above connected transaction, please refer to the announcement published by the
Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on September 24, 2021.
     In addition, on August 18, 2021, CMS Investment terminated the cooperation with China Merchants
Real Estate (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (招商局地產(杭州)有限公司) in relation to the proposed acquisition of
Hangzhou Zhaoying Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (杭州招盈房地產開發有限公司). For details, please
refer to the announcements published by the Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on
December 23, 2020 and August 18, 2021, respectively.
     For details of other connected transactions subject to the listing rules for A Shares, please refer to the
Announcement on the Contemplated Ordinary Connected Transactions of the Company for 2022 (《關於
公司2022年度預計日常關聯交易的公告》) published by the Company on the SSE website, China Securities
Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily.
     Save as disclosed above, there is no connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
set out in note 60 to the consolidated financial statements that falls into the connected transactions or
continuing connected transactions that need to be disclosed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
connected transactions and continuing connected transactions of the Company complied with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

164
                                                                                                                                                                Chapter 6: Major Events



VII. Material Contracts and their Performance

(I)      Guarantees

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: 100 Million Yuan                                 Currency: RMB

                                                                        Guarantees provided by the Company (excluding guarantees for subsidiaries)

           Relationship
                                                                                                                                                                                 Whether
           between the                       Date of                                                                                    Whether the Whether Outstanding
                                                       Effective                                                                                                                   it is a
            guarantor Guaranteed Amount of guarantee              Expiry date Type of                                        Collateral guarantee      the    amount of Counter
 Guarantor                                              date of                                                                                                                 guarantee Relationship
             and the    party    guarantee (date of              of guarantee guarantee                                       (if any) has been guarantee guarantee guarantee
                                                      guarantee                                                                                                                 for related
              listed                       agreement)                                                                                    fulfilled is overdue overdue
                                                                                                                                                                                  parties
            company

         –                –               –              –              –                –              –              –               –              –               –              –               –              –               –

 Total guarantees provided during the Reporting Period (excluding guarantees for
 subsidiaries)                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0

 Balance of guarantees as at the end of the Reporting Period (A) (excluding guarantees
 for subsidiaries)                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0

                                                                                  Guarantees for subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries

 Total guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                                                                                                                 44.98

 Balance of guarantees for subsidiaries as at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                                                                                                                              75.97

                                                                                     Total guarantees (including guarantees for subsidiaries)

 Total guarantees (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                                                        75.97

 Ratio of total guarantee to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                                                                                                                      6.75

 Among which:

 Guarantees for shareholders, de facto controller and their related parties (C)                                                                                                                                                     0

 Debt guarantee provided directly or indirectly for companies with gearing ratio over
 70% (D)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0

 Amount of guarantees in excess of 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                                                                                                                        0

 Total amount of the above three types of guarantees (C+D+E)                                                                                                                                                                        0

 Outstanding guarantees subject to joint and several liabilities                                                                                                                                                                    –

                                                                                               1. On January 20, 2014, the provision of net assets guarantee of up to RMB500 million for CMS Asset Management was approved at
                                                                                               the 2014 first extraordinary meeting of the fourth session of the Board. On September 27, 2016, the increase of net assets guarantee
                                                                                               in favor of CMS Asset Management by no more than RMB3 billion in stages and authorization for the management of the Company
                                                                                               to perform in stages, or terminate, such net assets guarantee within the above limit based on the actual operating condition of CMS
                                                                                               Asset Management were approved at the 42th meeting of the fifth session of the Board. The balance of net assets guarantee provided
                                                                                               by the Company for CMS Asset Management as at the end of the Reporting Period amounted to RMB2 billion;
 Details of guarantees
                                                                                               2. In June 2021, at the 2020 annual general meeting of the Company, it was considered and agreed that the total amount of
                                                                                               guarantees provided by CMS International and its wholly-owned subsidiaries within the term of authorization shall not exceed HK$57
                                                                                               billion equivalent, of which, financing guarantees shall not exceed HK$14.5 billion equivalent. As at the end of the Reporting Period,
                                                                                               the agreed amount of guarantees provided by CMS International and its wholly-owned subsidiaries was approximately RMB24.114
                                                                                               billion in total (with financing guarantees of approximately RMB6.270 billion). At the end of the year, the balance of guarantees
                                                                                               utilized and traded was approximately RMB5.597 billion in total.


                                                                                                                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                             165
Chapter 6: Major Events



VIII.     Other Disclosures

(I)     Sufficiency of public float of H Shares

     As at the Latest Practicable Date prior to the printing of this report, based on the information publicly
available and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Directors believe that the public float of the
Company complied with Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and satisfied the minimum public float
requirement prescribed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


(II)    Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in business competing with the Company

     As at the Latest Practicable Date prior to the printing of this report, none of the Directors or Supervisors
had any interests in another business which has or may have direct or indirect conflict of interests with the
business of the Company.


(III) Directors’ and Supervisors’ service contracts

      None of the Directors or Supervisors had a service contract with the Company or its subsidiaries which
is not terminable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


(IV) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors or any entity connected with any Director
or Supervisor of the Company had any material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.


(V) Permitted indemnity provision

      A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage for potential
legal actions and liabilities against the Directors, Supervisors and senior management.


(VI) Pre-emptive share option arrangement

     Pursuant to PRC laws and the Articles of Association, shareholders of the Company are not entitled to
any pre-emptive share option.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

166
                                                                             Chapter 6: Major Events



(VII) The Board’s responsibility statement on risk management, internal control and compliance
      management

     The Board shall assume ultimate responsibility of the risk management, internal control and compliance
management of the Group, and shall be responsible for assessing the effectiveness of such systems. Given
that the objectives of such risk management and internal control systems are to manage, rather than
eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve the business objectives, the Board may only provide reasonable instead
of absolute assurance that such systems and internal control can prevent any material misstatement or loss.


(VIII) Remuneration to Directors and Supervisors

    Details of remuneration to the Directors and Supervisors are set out in “Change in shareholdings and
remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
Reporting Period” under “Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report” of this report.


(IX) Purchase, sale or redemption of securities of the Company

     During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have purchased, sold or
redeemed any listed securities of the Company.


(X) Major events after the Reporting Period

     Save for those disclosed in note 69 to the financial report and “Chapter 6: Major Events” of this report,
there were no other major events after the Reporting Period.


(XI)   Review of annual results

     The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed the annual results announcement for the year
ended December 31, 2021, the 2021 annual report and the audited financial statements for 2021 prepared
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards and did not raise any objection to the
accounting policy and practices adopted by the Company. The external auditor of the Company has reviewed
the annual financial information for the year ended December 31, 2021 in accordance with International
Standard on Review Engagements 2410.


(XII) Qualification of accounts

     According to the statistics from the internal data center of the Company, as at December 31, 2021, there
were 5,987 unqualified capital accounts, 6,111 unqualified securities accounts, 1,075,639 dormant capital
accounts, 1,684,219 dormant securities accounts, 52 capital accounts under freezing order, 1,231 securities
accounts under freezing order, 569 risk disposal capital accounts (including dormant accounts of companies
to be disposed of), 2,761 risk disposal securities accounts (including dormant accounts of companies to be
disposed of) and 69,772 capital accounts among the A share capital accounts and securities accounts of the
Company.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           167
Chapter 6: Major Events



(XIII) Use of net proceeds from A+H rights issue

      The Company used the proceeds from the A+H rights issue as follows:
     Approximately 70% was used to increase capital in subsidiaries and diversify business of the Company.
As at December 31, 2021, the accumulated actual amount used was RMB10.105 billion;
     Approximately 13.33% was used for the development of capital intermediary business. As at December
31, 2021, the accumulated actual amount used was approximately RMB2 billion;
     Approximately 13.33% was used for the development of capital investment business. As at December
31, 2021, the accumulated actual amount used was approximately RMB2 billion;
    Approximately 3.34% was used as working capital of the Group. As at December 31, 2021, the
accumulated actual amount used was approximately RMB0.5 billion;
     As of December 31, 2021, the proceeds have been fully utilized, and the remaining balance is the
interest. The balance in the special account for the proceeds was HK$54,511,835.18 and RMB8,340.38.
Upon translation of Hong Kong dollar into Renminbi at the central parity rate of Hong Kong dollar against
Renminbi as of December 31, 2021, the sum of the above proceeds in Hong Kong dollar and Renminbi was
RMB44,577,216.82. The actual use of the proceeds were in line with the commitment announced by the
Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

168
                                                                            Chapter 6: Major Events



(XIV) Tax reduction

1.   A Shareholders

      Pursuant to the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and
Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關
問題的通知》(財稅[2015]101號)) and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of Differentiated
Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) (《關於
實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》((財稅[2012]85號)) issued by the Ministry of
Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus received by corporate
investors on shares with holding period less than one month (inclusive) from the date when the corporate
investors acquired the listed shares from public issuance or secondary market to the date which is one day
before the settlement of the shares, a tax levy at the tax rate of 20% is imposed. For holding period between
one month to one year (inclusive), 50% reduction will be applied to the tax rate imposed on the amount
of taxable income, with effective tax rate of 10%. For holding period of more than one year, no income
tax will be imposed on the dividend and bonus. For the dividend and bonus distributed by listed companies
to individual investors, no individual income tax will be charged for holding period of less than one year
(inclusive). Pending to the transfer of shares, Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation shall calculate
the tax payable based on the holding period and the Company shall withhold the tax through Securities
Depository and Clearing Corporation. Dividend and bonus received from listed companies by securities
investment companies shall pay individual income tax pursuant to the requirements of Cai Shui [2012] No. 85.
     For resident enterprise shareholders, income tax on their cash bonuses shall be paid by themselves.
      For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), pursuant to provisions in the Notice on Issues
Regarding Withholding and Payment of Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute
Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the QFII issued by the State Administration of Taxation (Guo Shui Han
[2009] No. 47) (《國家稅務總局關於中國居民企業向QFII支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題
的通知》(國稅函2009[47]號)), corporate income taxes are withheld and paid by the listed company at the tax
rate of 10%. If the QFII shareholder intends to claim the preferential treatment as stipulated in tax treaties
(arrangements) after obtaining dividend and bonus incomes, application for tax refund can be submitted to
the competent tax authority after obtaining such dividends and bonuses in accordance with the regulations.
      Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs
issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81)
(《財政部國家稅務總局證監會關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014]81
號)), for dividend and bonus incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) in the Hong
Kong market from investing in A Shares listed on the SSE, the implementation of differentiated taxation is
suspended before Hong Kong Securities Clearing Co., Ltd. meets the conditions of providing identification,
term of shareholding and other specific data of investors to the CSDC; the income taxes thereof are withheld
and paid by the listed company at the rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the competent taxation
authority. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered into a tax
treaty with the PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the investing
enterprises or individuals may by themselves or entrust a withholding agent on their behalf to apply to the
competent tax authority of the listed company to claim the preferential treatment as stipulated in such tax
treaties. Upon the verification and approval of the competent tax authority, taxes shall be refunded based on
the discrepancy between the levied taxes and the taxes payable pursuant to the tax rate of the tax treaty.
     Other institutional investors shall pay the tax with respect to dividends and bonus income themselves.



                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         169
Chapter 6: Major Events



2.    H Shareholders

      Pursuant to the Notice on Matters Concerning the Levy and Administration of Individual Income Tax
after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 issued by the State Administration of Taxation (Guo Shui
Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發[1993]045號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》
(國稅函[2011]348號)), dividend and bonus income received by overseas resident individual shareholders who
hold shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong is subject to the payment
of individual income tax according to the items of “interests, dividend and bonus income”, which shall be
withheld and paid by the withholding agents according to relevant laws. The overseas resident individual
shareholders who hold shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled
to the relevant preferential tax treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax agreements signed between the
countries where they reside and China and the tax arrangements between Mainland and Hong Kong (Macau).
The tax rate for dividends under the relevant tax agreements and tax arrangements is generally 10%, and
for the purpose of simplifying tax administration, domestic non-foreign invested enterprises issuing shares
in Hong Kong may, when distributing dividends and bonus, generally withhold individual income tax at the
rate of 10%, and are not required to file an application. If the tax rate for dividends is not equal to 10%,
the following provisions shall apply: (1) for citizens from countries which have entered into tax agreements
stipulating a tax rate of lower than 10%, the withholding agents can file applications on their behalf to claim
the relevant agreed preferential treatments, and upon approval by the competent tax authorities, the excess
tax amounts withheld will be refunded; (2) for citizens from countries which have entered into tax agreements
stipulating a tax rate of higher than 10% but lower than 20%, the withholding agents will withhold the
individual income tax at the agreed-upon effective tax rate when distributing dividends and bonus, and are
not required to file an application; (3) for citizens from countries without tax agreements or under other
situations, the withholding agents will withhold the individual income tax at 20% when distributing dividends
and bonus.
      Pursuant to the Circular on Questions Concerning Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Dividends
Distributed by Resident Enterprises in China to Non-resident Enterprises Holding H Shares of the Enterprises
(Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得
稅有關問題的通知》（國稅函[2008]897號)) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, a PRC resident
enterprise, when distributing dividends for 2008 and for the years afterwards to holders of H Shares who are
overseas non-resident enterprises, shall withhold and pay enterprise income tax at a flat rate of 10%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

170
                                                                            Chapter 6: Major Events



      Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs (Cai
Shui [2014] No. 81) (《財政部國家稅務總局證監會關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的
通知》（財稅[2014]81號)) and the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
Programs (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》（財
稅[2016]127號)) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for
dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland individual investors from investing in H Shares listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect, the individual income taxes thereof are withheld and paid by the H Share company at the rate of
20%; for dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland securities investment funds from investing in H
Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-
Hong Kong Stock Connect, the individual income taxes are accrued and levied according to the same provision
stated above; and for dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland corporate investors from investing in
H Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-
Hong Kong Stock Connect, the income taxes thereof shall be reported and paid by the investing enterprise
on its own instead of being withheld and paid by the H Share company, provided that where such dividend
and bonus incomes are obtained by the mainland resident enterprise after holding relevant H Shares for 12
consecutive months, the enterprise income taxes thereof shall be exempted pursuant to law.
    Under the current practice of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong
Kong in respect of dividends paid by the Company.
     Shareholders of the Company shall pay the relevant taxes and/or be entitled to the tax relieves in
accordance with the above provisions.


(XV) Management contracts

    Save for employment contracts, no contract in relation to the management and administration of the
whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or subsisted during 2021.


(XVI) Directors’ and Supervisors’ rights to acquire shares or debentures

     During the Reporting Period or as at the end of 2021, none of the Directors and Supervisors or their
respective associates were granted any right by the Company or its subsidiaries to subscribe for the equity or
debentures of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any of such right.




                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         171
Chapter 6: Major Events



(XVII) Reserves and distributable reserves

    For changes in reserves and distributable reserves of the Company, please refer to “Financial Report –
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and note 67 of this report.


(XVIII) Fixed assets

    For details of the fixed assets of the Group as of December 31, 2021, please refer to “Financial Report –
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and note 19 of this report.


(XIX) Equity-linked agreements

     No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company at any time during or subsisted at the end
of the year ended December 31, 2021.


(XX) Major customers and suppliers

     In 2021, the revenue generated from the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of
the Group’s total revenue.
      Due to the nature of business of the Company, the Company has no major suppliers.


(XXI)    Pension schemes

     The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed retirement benefit
schemes, operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. According to the relevant
regulations, the premiums and retirement benefit contributions borne by the Group are calculated and paid to
the relevant labor and social welfare authorities on a regular basis. The Group also provides annuity schemes
for certain qualified employees in the PRC. The employees’ and the Group’s contributions for the annuity
schemes are calculated based on certain percentage of employees’ salaries. The Group also operates the
Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for all qualified employees in Hong Kong. The Group contributes certain
percentage of relevant payroll costs to the scheme, and the contribution is matched by employees but subject
to a maximum amount for each employee.
       No forfeited contribution (by the Group on behalf of its employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting
fully in such contributions) is available to be utilized by the Group to reduce the contributions payable in the
future years or to reduce the Group’s existing level of contributions to the retirement scheme.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

172
                           Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders


I.     Changes in Share Capital

    During the Reporting Period, the total number of shares and the share capital structure of the Company
remained unchanged.


II.    Issuance and Listing of Securities

(I)    Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                   Unit: share            Currency: RMB

 Class of shares                                                                                                                              Amount
                                                            Date of          Offer price
 and their                                                                                                                                  approved
                        Code            Abbreviation     completion of       (or interest       Issuance amount         Date of listing                         Date of closing
 derivative                                                                                                                                 for listing
                                                           issuance              rate)
 securities                                                                                                                               and trading

 Ordinary shares

 –                  –               –                   –                                   –                  –    –                                 –     –

 Convertible corporate bonds, bonds with warrants

 –                  –               –                   –                                   –                  –    –                                 –     –

 Bonds (including enterprise bonds, corporate bonds and non-financial enterprise debt financing instruments)

                                    21 China
                                    Merchants
 Corporate bonds    175637.SH                           January 18, 2021           3.24%              1.5 billion   January 21, 2021        1.5 billion     January 18, 2023
                                    Securities G1
                                    (21招證G1)

                                    21 China
                                    Merchants
 Corporate bonds    175638.SH                           January 18, 2021           3.53%              4.5 billion   January 21, 2021        4.5 billion     January 18, 2024
                                    Securities G2
                                    (21招證G2)

                                    21 China
                                    Merchants
 Corporate bonds    175715.SH                           January 28, 2021           3.58%              1.4 billion   February 2, 2021        1.4 billion     January 28, 2024
                                    Securities G3
                                    (21招證G3)

                                    21 China
                                    Merchants
 Corporate bonds    163865.SH                           February 3, 2021           3.25%              4.2 billion   February 9, 2021        4.2 billion     January 19, 2022
                                    Securities S1
                                    (21招證S1)

                                    21 China
                                    Merchants
 Corporate bonds    188386.SH                           July 12, 2021              3.00%              2.0 billion   July 15, 2021           2.0 billion     July 12, 2023
                                    Securities G4
                                    (21招證G4)




                                                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                            173
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




 Class of shares                                                                                                             Amount
                                                    Date of        Offer price
 and their                                                                                                                 approved
                     Code        Abbreviation    completion of     (or interest   Issuance amount      Date of listing                    Date of closing
 derivative                                                                                                                for listing
                                                   issuance            rate)
 securities                                                                                                              and trading

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Corporate bonds   188387.SH                    July 12, 2021            3.22%          4.0 billion   July 15, 2021        4.0 billion   July 12, 2024
                               Securities G5
                               (21招證G5)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Corporate bonds   188481.SH                    July 29, 2021            2.95%          2.0 billion   August 3, 2021       2.0 billion   October 12, 2023
                               Securities G6
                               (21招證G6)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Corporate bonds   188482.SH                    July 29, 2021            3.12%          4.3 billion   August 3, 2021       4.3 billion   June 13, 2024
                               Securities G7
                               (21招證G7)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Corporate bonds   188567.SH                    August 12, 2021          3.08%          5.0 billion   August 17, 2021      5.0 billion   August 12, 2024
                               Securities G9
                               (21招證G9)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Corporate bonds   188568.SH                    August 12, 2021          3.41%          2.0 billion   August 17, 2021      2.0 billion   August 12, 2026
                               Securities 10
                               (21招證10)

                               21 China
 Non-public                    Merchants        February 26,
                   177972.SH                                             3.55%          2.5 billion   March 4, 2021        2.5 billion   August 26, 2022
 corporate bonds               Securities F1    2021
                               (21招證F1)

                               21 China
 Non-public                    Merchants        February 26,
                   177973.SH                                             3.85%          7.5 billion   March 4, 2021        7.5 billion   August 26, 2023
 corporate bonds               Securities F2    2021
                               (21招證F2)

                               21 China
 Subordinated                  Merchants
                   175705.SH                    January 27, 2021         3.95%          4.8 billion   February 2, 2021     4.8 billion   January 27, 2024
 bonds                         Securities C1
                               (21招證C1)

                               21 China
 Subordinated                  Merchants
                   175813.SH                    March 9, 2021            3.95%          6.0 billion   March 15, 2021       6.0 billion   March 9, 2024
 bonds                         Securities C2
                               (21招證C2)

                               21 China
 Subordinated                  Merchants
                   188003.SH                    April 15, 2021           3.80%          6.0 billion   April 21, 2021       6.0 billion   April 15, 2024
 bonds                         Securities C3
                               (21招證C3)


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

174
                                                         Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




Class of shares                                                                                                             Amount
                                                   Date of        Offer price
and their                                                                                                                 approved
                    Code        Abbreviation    completion of     (or interest   Issuance amount      Date of listing                    Date of closing
derivative                                                                                                                for listing
                                                  issuance            rate)
securities                                                                                                              and trading

                              21 China
Subordinated                  Merchants
                  188122.SH                    May 18, 2021             3.55%          3.0 billion   May 21, 2021         3.0 billion   November 18, 2023
bonds                         Securities C4
                              (21招證C4)

                              21 China
Subordinated                  Merchants
                  188306.SH                    June 24, 2021            3.48%          2.7 billion   June 30, 2021        2.7 billion   June 24, 2023
bonds                         Securities C5
                              (21招證C5)
                              21 China
Subordinated                  Merchants
                  188307.SH                    June 24, 2021            3.60%          2.0 billion   June 30, 2021        2.0 billion   December 23, 2023
bonds                         Securities C6
                              (21招證C6)

                              21 China
Subordinated                  Merchants        November 11,                                          November 17,
                  188997.SH                                             3.40%          4.0 billion                        4.0 billion   November 11, 2024
bonds                         Securities C7    2021                                                  2021
                              (21招證C7)

                              21 China
Subordinated                  Merchants        November 11,                                          November 17,
                  188998.SH                                             3.70%          1.0 billion                        1.0 billion   November 11, 2026
bonds                         Securities C8    2021                                                  2021
                              (21招證C8)

                              21 China
                              Merchants
Short-term                    Securities
                  072100004                    January 7, 2021          2.49%          4.0 billion   January 8, 2021      4.0 billion   April 7, 2021
financing bonds               CP001BC
                              (21招商證券
                              CP001BC)

                              21 China
                              Merchants
Short-term                    Securities
                  072100025                    February 5, 2021         3.03%          3.0 billion   February 7, 2021     3.0 billion   May 7, 2021
financing bonds               CP002BC
                              (21招商證券
                              CP002BC)

                              21 China
                              Merchants
Short-term                    Securities
                  072100056                    April 12, 2021           2.64%          5.0 billion   April 13, 2021       5.0 billion   July 9, 2021
financing bonds               CP003BC
                              (21招商證券
                              CP003BC)




                                                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                        175
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




 Class of shares                                                                                                          Amount
                                                   Date of      Offer price
 and their                                                                                                              approved
                     Code       Abbreviation    completion of   (or interest   Issuance amount      Date of listing                    Date of closing
 derivative                                                                                                             for listing
                                                  issuance          rate)
 securities                                                                                                           and trading

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Short-term                    Securities
                   072100071                   May 12, 2021           2.42%          4.0 billion   May 13, 2021         4.0 billion   August 10, 2021
 financing bonds               CP004BC
                               (21招商證券
                               CP004BC)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Short-term                    Securities
                   072100085                   May 27, 2021           2.43%          4.0 billion   May 28, 2021         4.0 billion   August 25, 2021
 financing bonds               CP005BC
                               (21招商證券
                               CP005BC)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Short-term                    Securities
                   072100093                   June 9, 2021           2.48%          5.0 billion   June 10, 2021        5.0 billion   September 7, 2021
 financing bonds               CP006BC
                               (21招商證券
                               CP006BC)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Short-term                    Securities                                                                                             September 17,
                   072100107                   June 24, 2021          2.50%          4.0 billion   June 25, 2021        4.0 billion
 financing bonds               CP007BC                                                                                                2021
                               (21招商證券
                               CP007BC)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Short-term                    Securities
                   072100121                   July 14, 2021          2.37%          4.0 billion   July 15, 2021        4.0 billion   October 12, 2021
 financing bonds               CP008BC
                               (21招商證券
                               CP008BC)

                               21 China
                               Merchants
 Short-term                    Securities
                   072100130                   July 21, 2021          2.38%          4.0 billion   July 22, 2021        4.0 billion   October 19, 2021
 financing bonds               CP009BC
                               (21招商證券
                               CP009BC)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

176
                                                           Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




Class of shares                                                                                                               Amount
                                                     Date of       Offer price
and their                                                                                                                   approved
                    Code        Abbreviation      completion of    (or interest   Issuance amount       Date of listing                    Date of closing
derivative                                                                                                                  for listing
                                                    issuance           rate)
securities                                                                                                                and trading

                              21 China
                              Merchants
Short-term                    Securities
                  072100133                      July 27, 2021           2.38%           4.0 billion   July 28, 2021        4.0 billion   October 26, 2021
financing bonds               CP010BC
                              (21招商證券
                              CP010BC)

                              21 China
                              Merchants
Short-term                    Securities
                  072100145                      August 13, 2021         2.32%           3.0 billion   August 16, 2021      3.0 billion   November 11, 2021
financing bonds               CP011BC
                              (21招商證券
                              CP011BC)

                              21 China
                              Merchants
Short-term                    Securities
                  072100149                      August 20, 2021         2.20%           3.0 billion   August 23, 2021      3.0 billion   November 18, 2021
financing bonds               CP012BC
                              (21招商證券
                              CP012BC)

                              21 China
                              Merchants
Short-term                                       September 8,                                          September 9,
                  072110001   Securities CP013                           2.38%           2.0 billion                        2.0 billion   December 17, 2021
financing bonds                                  2021                                                  2021
                              (21招商證券
                              CP013)

                              21 China
                              Merchants
Short-term                                       December 22,                                          December 23,                       September 23,
                  072110104   Securities CP014                           2.75%           1.8 billion                        1.8 billion
financing bonds                                  2021                                                  2021                               2022
                              (21招商證券
                              CP014)

Medium-term                                      September 16,                                         September 17,              US$     September 16,
                  40843.HK    CMSI GEM N2409                            1.295%       US$0.5 billion
notes                                            2021                                                  2021                 0.5 billion   2024




                                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                      177
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



      Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period:


1.       Public issuance of corporate bonds to professional investors

     In July 2020, the Company received the Approval on the Registration of Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 1322) (《關於
同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行公司債券註冊的批覆》（證監許可[2020]1322號)) from the
CSRC, pursuant to which, the CSRC approved that the Company may publicly issue to professional investors
corporate bonds with a maturity of more than one year, the total face value of which shall not be more than
RMB25 billion, and short-term corporate bonds, the balance of face value of which shall not be more than
RMB10 billion. In 2021, the Company issued two tranches of corporate bonds with a maturity of more than
one year and one tranche of short-term corporate bonds accordingly.
     In April 2021, the Company received the Approval on the Registration of Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2021] No. 1384) (《關於
同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行公司債券註冊的批覆》(證監許可[2021]1384號)) from the
CSRC, pursuant to which, the CSRC approved that the Company may publicly issue to professional investors
corporate bonds, the total face value of which shall not be more than RMB50 billion. In 2021, the Company
issued three tranches of corporate bonds with a maturity of more than one year accordingly.


2.       Non-public issuance of corporate bonds

     In March 2019, the Company received the No Objection Letter for the Offer for Sale of Corporate Bonds
Non-publicly Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2019] No. 523) (《關於對招商
證券股份有限公司非公開發行公司債券掛牌轉讓無異議的函》(上證函[2019]523號)) from the SSE, pursuant to
which, the SSE has no objection to the offer for sale of corporate bonds non-publicly issued by the Company
to qualified investors in a total amount of not more than RMB45 billion. In 2021, the Company issued one
tranche of non-publicly issued corporate bonds accordingly.


3.       Subordinated corporate bonds

      In November 2020, the Company received the Approval on the Registration of Subordinated Corporate
Bonds Publicly Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
[2020] No. 3138) (《關於同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行次級公司債券註冊的批覆》(證監
許可[2020]3138號)) from the CSRC, pursuant to which, the CSRC approved that the Company may publicly
issue to professional investors subordinated corporate bonds, the total face value of which shall not be more
than RMB30 billion. In 2021, the Company issued five tranches of subordinated corporate bonds accordingly.
      In September 2021, the Company received the Approval on the Registration of Subordinated Corporate
Bonds Publicly Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
[2021] No. 3036) (《關於同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行次級公司債券註冊的批覆》(證監
許可[2021]3036號)) from the CSRC, pursuant to which, the CSRC approved that the Company may publicly
issue to professional investors subordinated corporate bonds, the total face value of which shall not be more
than RMB20 billion. In 2021, the Company issued one tranche of subordinated corporate bonds accordingly.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

178
                                           Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



4.      Short-term financing bonds

     In June 2019, the Company received the Notice of the Financial Market Department of the People’s Bank
of China on the Maximum Outstanding Balance of Short-term Financing Bonds of China Merchants Securities
Co., Ltd. (Yin Shi Chang [2019] No. 129) (《中國人民銀行金融市場司關於招商證券股份有限公司短期融資券
最高待償還餘額有關事項的通知》(銀市場[2019]129號)) from the People’s Bank of China, pursuant to which,
the maximum outstanding balance of short-term financing bonds of the Company shall be RMB31.6 billion.
In 2021, the Company issued 12 tranches of short-term financing bonds accordingly.
      In September 2021, the National Interbank Funding Center issued the Announcement of the National
Interbank Funding Center on the Authorization to Announce the Maximum Balance of Short-term Financing
Bonds of Securities Firms (Zhong Hui Jiao Announcement [2021] No. 43) (《全國銀行間同業拆借中心受
權公佈證券公司短期融資券餘額上限公告》（中匯交公告[2021]43號)), pursuant to which, the maximum
outstanding balance of short-term financing bonds of the Company shall be RMB31 billion. In 2021, the
Company issued two tranches of short-term financing bonds accordingly.


III. Shareholders and De Facto Controller

(I)   Total number of shareholders


       Total number of holders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period           182,897

       Total number of holders of ordinary shares as of the end of the month preceding
       the disclosure of this annual report                                                       190,653




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                       179
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



(II)   Shareholdings of the top ten shareholders and the top ten holders of tradable shares (or
       holders of unrestricted shares) as of the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                   Unit: share

                                                                Shareholdings of the top ten shareholders

                                               Changes       Number of                           Number of      Pledged, marked or locked-up
                                                 during     shares held                           restricted
                                          the Reporting      at the end       Percentage             shares                                            Nature of
       Name of shareholder (in full)             Period   of the period              (%)                held      Status           Number            shareholder

        China Merchants Finance
        Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                State-owned
        (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)                               –   2,047,900,517             23.55                   –              Nil                 –     legal person

        Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
        Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                        State-owned
        (深圳市集盛投資發展有限公司)                               –   1,703,934,870             19.59                   –              Nil                 –     legal person

        Hong Kong Securities Clearing                                                                                                               Overseas legal
        Company Nominees Limited                50,890    1,274,215,711             14.65                   –              Nil                 –           person

        China Ocean Shipping Company                                                                                                                 State-owned
        Limited (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)                          –    544,632,418               6.26                   –              Nil                 –     legal person

        Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                   State-owned
        (河北港口集團有限公司)                                  –    343,282,732               3.95                   –              Nil                 –     legal person

        China Securities Finance
        Corporation Limited
        (中國證券金融股份有限公司)                      -89,617,672    170,789,261               1.96                   –              Nil                 –        Unknown

        China Communications
        Construction Company Ltd.                                                                                                                    State-owned
        (中國交通建設股份有限公司)                     -120,000,000    152,219,361               1.75                   –              Nil                 –     legal person

        CCCC Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                                                              State-owned
        (中交資本控股有限公司)                       120,000,000     120,000,000               1.38                   –              Nil                 –     legal person

        Hong Kong Securities Clearing                                                                                                                    Overseas
        Company Limited                       3,983,680    116,190,611               1.34                   –              Nil                 –      legal person

        COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou)
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                    State-owned
        (中遠海運(廣州)有限公司)                                –    109,199,899               1.26                   –              Nil                 –     legal person




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

180
                                         Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



                     Shareholdings of the top ten holders of unrestricted shares
                                                         Number of          Class and number of shares
                                                           tradable
                                                       unrestricted
           Name of shareholder                          shares held                   Class             Number
 China Merchants Finance Investment
 Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                          RMB ordinary
 (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)                                     2,047,900,517                 shares        2,047,900,517
 Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development
 Co., Ltd.                                                                   RMB ordinary
 (深圳市集盛投資發展有限公司)                                     1,703,934,870                 shares        1,703,934,870
                                                                           Overseas listed
 HKSCC Nominees Limited                              1,274,215,711         foreign shares        1,274,215,711
 China Ocean Shipping Company Limited                                        RMB ordinary
 (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)                                          544,632,418                 shares          544,632,418
 Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                  RMB ordinary
 (河北港口集團有限公司)                                          343,282,732                 shares          343,282,732
 China Securities Finance Corporation
 Limited                                                                     RMB ordinary
 (中國證券金融股份有限公司)                                        170,789,261                 shares          170,789,261
 China Communications Construction
 Company Ltd.                                                                RMB ordinary
 (中國交通建設股份有限公司)                                        152,219,361                 shares          152,219,361
 CCCC Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.                                             RMB ordinary
 (中交資本控股有限公司)                                          120,000,000                 shares          120,000,000
 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company                                       RMB ordinary
 Limited                                               116,190,611                 shares          116,190,611
 COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                        RMB ordinary
 (中遠海運(廣州)有限公司)                                        109,199,899                 shares          109,199,899
                                            Among the above top ten shareholders,
                                            1. CM Finance Investment indirectly holds 100%
                                               of the equity interest in Jisheng Investment. CM
                                               Finance Investment and Jisheng Investment are both
                                               subsidiaries of China Merchants Group, the de facto
 Description of the connected relationships
                                               controller of the Company;
 or concerted actions among the above
                                            2. C h i n a O c e a n S h i p p i n g a n d C O S C O S h i p p i n g
 shareholders
                                               (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. are both subsidiaries of China
                                               COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited;
                                            3. CCCC Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned
                                               subsidiary of China Communications Construction
                                               Company Ltd.

Notes:   1.	HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominee holder of the shares held by the non-registered H
             Shareholders of the Company;
         2.    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominee holder of the shares of the
               Company under the Northbound Trading Link of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect;
         3.    Given the fact that the shares of the Company could be used as underlying securities for
               margin financing and securities lending, the shareholding of the shareholders is calculated
               based on the aggregate of shares and interests held in their ordinary securities accounts and
               credit securities accounts.

                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              181
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



(III) Interests and short positions of the substantial shareholders and other persons in the shares
      and underlying shares

     As at December 31, 2021, to the best knowledge of the Directors having made reasonable enquiries, the
following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company) had interests or
short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed
to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and which were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                            Long
                                                                                                        Percentage of    positions6/
                                                                                       Percentage of     total number       short
                                                                                        total number         of issued   positions7/
                 Name of de facto                                         Number of         of issued      A Shares/H      shares
                   controller and        Class of      Nature of         shares held    shares of the   Shares of the     available
        No.   substantial shareholders    shares        interest             (Share)   Company (%)      Company (%)      for lending
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
                                         A Shares   by controlled      3,751,835,387           43.14            50.55
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations1
       1      China Merchants Group
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
                                         H Shares   by controlled        89,042,607             1.02             6.99
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations2
                                                    Beneficial owner
                                                    and interest
              China Merchants Finance               of corporation                                                       Long
                                         A Shares                      3,751,835,387           43.14            50.55
              Investment Holdings Co.,              controlled by                                                        position
       2      Ltd.                                  substantial
              (深圳市招融投資控股有限                          shareholders3
              公司)                                   Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
                                         H Shares   by controlled        89,042,607             1.02             6.99
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations3
              Shenzhen Jisheng
              Investment Development
                                                                                                                         Long
       3      Co., Ltd.                  A Shares   Beneficial owner   1,703,934,870           19.59            22.96
                                                                                                                         position
              (深圳市集盛投資發展有限
              公司)
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
       4      CMF Holdings Limited       H Shares   by controlled        89,042,607             1.02             6.99
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations3
              Best Winner Investment                                                                                     Long
       5                                 H Shares   Beneficial owner     89,042,607             1.02             6.99
              Limited                                                                                                    position
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
              China COSCO Shipping       A Shares   by controlled       663,437,515             7.63             8.94
                                                                                                                         position
              Corporation Limited                   corporations4
       6
              (中國遠洋海運集團                             Interest held
              有限公司)                                                                                                      Long
                                         H Shares   by controlled       207,797,720             2.39            16.30
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations5




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

182
                                                     Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




                                                                                                                           Long
                                                                                                       Percentage of    positions6/
                                                                                      Percentage of     total number       short
                                                                                       total number         of issued   positions7/
                Name of de facto                                         Number of         of issued      A Shares/H      shares
                  controller and          Class of      Nature of       shares held    shares of the   Shares of the     available
     No.     substantial shareholders      shares        interest           (Share)   Company (%)      Company (%)      for lending
             China Ocean Shipping
                                                                                                                        Long
 7           Company Limited              A Shares   Beneficial owner   544,632,418            6.26             7.34
                                                                                                                        position
             (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)
                                                                                                                        Long
                                          A Shares   Beneficial owner   343,282,732            3.95             4.63
             Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                 position
 8
             (河北港口集團有限公司)                                                                                               Long
                                          H Shares   Beneficial owner    89,338,460            1.03             7.01
                                                                                                                        position
             PICC Life Insurance
             Company Limited                                                                                            Long
 9                                        H Shares   Beneficial owner   433,290,000            4.98            34.00
             (中國人民人壽保險股份有                                                                                               position
             限公司)
             The People’s Insurance
             Company (Group) of China                Interest held
                                                                                                                        Long
 10          Limited                      H Shares   by controlled      433,290,000            4.98            34.00
                                                                                                                        position
             (中國人民保險集團股份有                            corporations6
             限公司)
             COSCO SHIPPING
                                                                                                                        Long
 11          Investment Holdings Co.,     H Shares   Beneficial owner   207,797,720            2.39            16.30
                                                                                                                        position
             Limited

1.         China Merchants Group holds 100% of the equity interest in CM Finance Investment and Jisheng
           Investment, and is deemed to be interested in the same number of A Shares which CM Finance
           Investment (23.55%) and Jisheng Investment (19.59%) are interested in under the SFO.
2.         China Merchants Group holds 100% of the equity interest in Best Winner Investment Limited, and is
           deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares which Best Winner Investment Limited (1.02%)
           is interested in under the SFO.
3.         CM Finance Investment directly holds 23.55% of the A Shares of the Company. CM Finance Investment
           holds 100% of the equity interest in Jisheng Investment, and is deemed to be interested in the same
           number of A Shares which Jisheng Investment (19.59%) is interested in under the SFO. Thus, CM Finance
           Investment holds, directly and indirectly, an aggregate of 43.14% of the equity interest in the A Shares
           of the Company. CM Finance Investment holds 100% of the equity interest in CMF Holdings Limited,
           and CMF Holdings Limited holds 100% of the equity interest in Best Winner Investment Limited. Thus,
           CM Finance Investment and CMF Holdings Limited are deemed to be interested in the same number of
           H Shares which Best Winner Investment Limited (1.02%) is interested in under the SFO.




                                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                   183
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



      4.   China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited holds 100% of the equity interest in China Ocean Shipping
           and China Shipping Group Co., Ltd. (中國海運集團有限公司), and is therefore deemed to be interested
           in the same number of A Shares which China Ocean Shipping (6.26%), COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou)
           Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping Group Co., Ltd. (1.26%), COSCO SHIPPING
           Investment Holdings Co., Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping Group Co., Ltd. (0.10%),
           and Guangzhou Sanding Oil Products Transport Co., Ltd. (廣州市三鼎油品運輸有限公司) (0.01%) are
           interested in under the SFO.
      5.   China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited is deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares
           which COSCO SHIPPING Investment Holdings Co., Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping
           Group Co., Ltd. (中國海運集團有限公司) (2.39%), is interested in under the SFO.
      6.   The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited directly and indirectly holds 80% of the equity
           interest in PICC Life Insurance Company Limited, and is deemed to be interested in the same number of
           H Shares which PICC Life Insurance Company Limited is interested in under the SFO.
      7.   A shareholder has a “long position” if it has an interest in shares, including interests through holding,
           selling or issuing financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder has the
           following obligations and liabilities: (i) it has a right to buy the underlying shares; (ii) it is under an
           obligation to buy the underlying shares; (iii) it has a right to receive money if the price of the underlying
           shares increases; or (iv) it has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares
           increases; and
      8.   A shareholder has a “short position” if it borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending
           agreement, or if it holds, sells or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such
           shareholder has the following obligations and liabilities: (i) it has a right to require another person to buy
           the underlying shares; (ii) it is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (iii) it has a right to
           receive money if the price of the underlying shares decreases; or (iv) it has a right to avoid or reduce a
           loss if the price of the underlying shares decreases.
      Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2021, the Company was not aware of any other person
(other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) who had interests or short
positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

184
                                            Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



IV. Details of Controlling Shareholder and De Facto Controller

(I)   Details of controlling shareholder

1     Legal person


                                                      China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
       Name
                                                      (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)
       Person in charge or legal representative       HONG Xiaoyuan (洪小源)
       Date of incorporation                          May 28, 1997
                                                      Investment in the establishment of various businesses
       Principal business
                                                      and the operation and management of assets
                                                      Directly holds 4.55% of the A shares of China
                                                      Merchants Bank; in aggregate holds 13.28% of the A
                                                      shares of China Merchants Bank through its controlled
       Shareholdings in other domestic or overseas    subsidiaries, namely Shenzhen Yanqing Investment and
       listed companies controlled by or associated   Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市晏清投資發展有限公司)
       with it during the Reporting Period            and Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment and Development
                                                      Co., Ltd. (深圳市楚源投資發展有限公司); and indirectly
                                                      holds 1.53% of the H shares of China Merchants Bank
                                                      through Best Winner Investment Limited.
                                                      Mainly equity investment, and there are no major
       Other assets and restrictions                  restrictions on the equity and other assets held in China
                                                      Merchants Securities.
       Credit status                                  Good credit standing
       Other descriptions                             Nil




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           185
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



2      Diagram of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and its
       controlling shareholder

                                          State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                                                   Commission of the State Council

                                                           100%

                                                   China Merchants Group Limited

                                                           100%

                                             China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd.

                                                           100%

                                                      China Merchants Finance
                                                    Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
                             100%
           Shenzhen Yanqing Investment
             and Development Co., Ltd.                                                                   100%

                              50%                   50%                                              CMF Holdings Limited
                              Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment
                                and Development Co., Ltd.                                                100%

                                                                                                           Best Winner
           50%                 50%                                                                       Investment Ltd.
           Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
              Development Co., Ltd.


                                                               23.55%
                                         19.59%                                                  1.02%
                                                          China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.




(II)   Details of de facto controller

1      Legal person


        Name                                                   China Merchants Group Limited

        Person in charge or legal representative               MIAO Jianmin (繆建民)
        Date of incorporation                                  October 14, 1986




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

186
                     Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




                       Sea and land passenger and cargo transportation and agency,
                       leasing and agency of sea and land transportation tools and
                       equipment, investment in and management of port and warehouse
                       businesses; sea rescue, salvage and towing; manufacturing;
                       building, repair, inspection and sale of vessels and offshore oil
                       drilling equipment; repair and inspection of oil rigs and containers;
                       contracting and construction of and back office services for sea and
                       land construction projects and offshore oil exploitation projects;
                       procurement, supply and sale of sea and land transportation
                       equipment and relevant supplies; import and export transportation
                       businesses; investment in and management of businesses in
                       the financial, insurance, trust, securities and futures industries;
                       investment in and management of businesses in the tourism, hotel,
Principal business
                       catering and relevant services industries; real estate development
                       and property management and consultancy business; investment
                       in and management of petrochemical business; investment in and
                       operation of transportation infrastructure; operation of offshore
                       assets; development, operation and management of Shekou
                       Industrial Zone in Shenzhen and Zhangzhou Development Zone in
                       Fujian (market entities may independently select business projects
                       and carry out operating activities in accordance with the laws;
                       operations that require prior approvals according to the laws may
                       only be conducted after obtaining approvals from the relevant
                       authorities; operating activities prohibited and restricted by the
                       industrial policies of the state and the municipality shall not be
                       engaged in).




                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                       187
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




                                                    Holds 81.92% interests in China Merchants Port Group Company
                                                    Limited, 78.29% interests in Yingkou Port Liability Co., Ltd.,
                                                    74.35% interests in China Merchants Land Limited, 69.15%
                                                    interests in Liaoning Port Co., Ltd., 68.72% interests in China
                                                    Merchants Expressway Network & Technology Holdings Co., Ltd.,
                                                    65.69% interests in China Merchants Port Holdings Company
                                                    Limited, 63.57% interests in China Merchants Shekou Industrial
                                                    Zone Holdings Co., Ltd., 57.64% interests in Sinotrans Limited,
                                                    54.26% interests in China Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd.,
                                                    51.16% interests in China Merchants Property Operation & Service
                                                    Co., Ltd., 44.17% interests in China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                    Ltd., 35.50% interests in China Merchants Commercial REIT,
                                                    29.97% interest in China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., 29.94%
                                                    interests in Anhui Expressway Company Limited, 27.97% interests
                                                    in Nanjing Tanker Corporation, 27.59% interests in China
                                                    Merchants China Direct Investments Limited, 26.64% interests in
                                                    Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd., 24.88% interests
                                                    in Sichuan Expressway Company Limited, 24.49% interests
                                                    in China International Marine Containers (Group) Co., Ltd.,
                                                    19.08% interests in Jinzhou Port Co., Ltd., 17.75% interests in
                                                    Fujian Expressway Development Co., Ltd., 16.52% interests in
       Shareholdings in other domestic or           Heilongjiang Transport Development Co., Ltd., 16.32% interests in
       overseas listed companies controlled by      Hubei Chutian Smart Communication Co., Ltd., 16.29% interests
       or associated with it during the Reporting   in Shangdong Hi-Speed Company Limited, 15.43% interests in
       Period                                       Henan Zhongyuan Expressway Co., Ltd., 14.04% interests in
                                                    Jilin Expressway Co., Ltd., 13.86% interests in Guangxi Wuzhou
                                                    Communications Co., Ltd., 12.36% interests in China Greatwall
                                                    Securities Co., Ltd., 11.69% interests in Jiangsu Expressway
                                                    Company Limited, 9.59% interests in Shanxi Road and Bridge
                                                    Co., Ltd., 8.70% interests in Qilu Expressway Company Limited,
                                                    8.12% interests in Shenzhen Expressway Company Limited,
                                                    8.04% interests in Xiandai Investment Co., Ltd., 6.03% interests
                                                    in S.F. Holding Co., Ltd., 6.00% interests in Pangang Group
                                                    Vanadium & Titanium Resources Co., Ltd., 5.00% interests in
                                                    Ningbo Zhoushan Port Co., Ltd., 2.43% interests in Linklogis Inc.,
                                                    2.36% interests in Qingdao Port International Co., Ltd., 2.10%
                                                    interests in International Business Settlement Holdings Limited,
                                                    1.66% interests in Zhejiang Expressway Company Limited, 1.20%
                                                    interests in Oriental Times Media Corporation, 1.02% interests in
                                                    Chang Jiang Shipping Group Phoenix Co., Ltd., 0.62% interests in
                                                    JD Logistics, Inc., 0.53% interests in China Shipbuilding Industry
                                                    Co., Ltd., 0.16% interests in CMMB Vision Holdings Limited,
                                                    0.11% interests in Haitong Securities Co., Ltd., 0.10% interests in
                                                    Sinopec Engineering (Group) Co., Ltd., 0.02% interests in Bank of
                                                    Tianjin Co., Ltd., 0.02% interests in Air China Limited, and 0.01%
                                                    interests in Bank of China Limited.
                                                    Major assets are cash and bank balances, inventory and long-term
       Other assets and restrictions                equity investment, and there are no major restrictions on the equity
                                                    and other assets held in China Merchants Securities.
       Credit status                                Granted AAA credit rating with good credit standing.
       Other descriptions                           Nil.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

188
                                                        Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



2   Diagram of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and its de facto
    controller

                                        State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                                                 Commission of the State Council

                                                         100%

                                                 China Merchants Group Limited

                                                         100%

                                           China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd.

                                                         100%

                                                    China Merchants Finance
                                                  Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
                           100%
         Shenzhen Yanqing Investment
           and Development Co., Ltd.                                                                   100%

                            50%                   50%                                              CMF Holdings Limited
                            Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment
                              and Development Co., Ltd.                                                100%

                                                                                                         Best Winner
        50%                  50%                                                                       Investment Ltd.
         Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
            Development Co., Ltd.


                                                             23.55%
                                       19.59%                                                  1.02%
                                                        China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.




     The de facto controller of the Company is China Merchants Group. China Merchants Group indirectly
holds a total of 44.17% shares of the Company through its subsidiaries, namely China Merchants Finance
Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. and Best Winner
Investment Limited.




                                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                              189
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



V. Other Corporate Shareholders Interested in 10% or more of the Shares of
   the Company

                                                                                                                     Unit: 10,000 Yuan                 Currency: RMB

                                   Person in
        Name of corporate                              General                Date of                                          Registered          Principal business or
                                charge or legal                                                    Organization code
          shareholder                                  manager             incorporation                                          capital                operation
                                representative

                                                                                                                                               Investment in the establishment
                                                                                                                                               of businesses (projects are
       Shenzhen Jisheng                                                                                                                        separately reported); domestic
       I n v e s t m e n t                                                                                                                     business, commodity supply
                                                     HU Xiaodong                                      9144030073414
       Development Co., Ltd.   XU Xin (徐鑫)                             December 11, 2001                                              60,000   and sales (excluding licensed,
                                                     (胡曉東)                                                    6375H
       (深圳市集盛投資發展有                                                                                                                             exclusive or franchised
       限公司)                                                                                                                                    commodities); and economic
                                                                                                                                               information consultancy
                                                                                                                                               (excluding restricted items).

       Description             Jisheng Investment is a subsidiary of China Merchants Group, the de facto controller of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

190
                                                        Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



VI. Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares or Debentures of
    the Company and Its Associated Corporations of the Directors, Supervisors
    and Chief Executives

   As at December 31, 2021, to the best knowledge of the Directors having made reasonable enquiries, the
   interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company in the
   shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which would be
   required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and
   8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have
   under such provisions of the SFO), or interests or short positions which would be required, pursuant to
   Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein, or required, pursuant to the
   Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange were as follows:

                                                                                                                  Percentage of
                                                                                               Percentage of                       Long positions/
                                                                                                                 total number of
       Directors/                            Class of      Nature of        Number of shares total number of                       short positions/
                           Position                                                                              issued A Shares
      Supervisors                             shares        interest             held         issued shares of                     shares available
                                                                                                                 of the Company
                                                                                             the Company (%)                         for lending
                                                                                                                        (%)

                     Chairman of the Board,
    HUO Da (霍達)                             A Shares     Beneficial owner           531,210             0.006              0.007   Long position
                     executive Director

    ZHOU Linda Lei   Chairman of the
                                           A Shares      Beneficial owner           429,054             0.004              0.005   Long position
    (周語菡)            Supervisory Committee

                     Employee
    YIN Hongyan
                     representative         A Shares     Beneficial owner           204,311             0.002              0.002   Long position
    (尹虹艷)
                     Supervisor

                     Employee
    HE Min (何敏)      representative         A Shares     Beneficial owner           102,156             0.001              0.001   Long position
                     Supervisor

                     Former Executive
                     Director,
    XIONG Jiantao    President, Chief
                                            A Shares     Beneficial owner           531,210             0.006              0.007   Long position
    (熊劍濤)            Information Officer
                     (Resigned on
                     October 7, 2021)




                                                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              191
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds


I.        Enterprise Bonds, Corporate Bonds and Non-financial Enterprise Debt
          Financing Instruments

          (I)           Corporate bonds

                        1.          General information of corporate bonds

                             As of the Latest Practicable Date, the details of the outstanding corporate bonds are as
                        follows:
                                                                                                                                                Unit: 100 Million Yuan                            Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     there is
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                           Remaining Interest                        Trading                       Trading         any risk of
                 Name                      Abbreviation   Code        Date of issuance    Value date      Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                            balance rate (%)                          place                       mechanism       termination
                                                                                                                                                     interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  and trading

 The 2012 Corporate Bonds of China                                                                                                              Payment of
                                                                                                                                                                                                Auction, quote,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (10-Year   12 China                                                                                             interest annually,
                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to      quote request
 Maturity)                                 Merchants 03   122234.SH March 5, 2013        March 5, 2013    March 5, 2023       55.00      5.15   and payment of       SSE                                          No
                                                                                                                                                                               investors        and trade by
 (招商證券股份有限公司2012年公司債券                      (12招商03)                                                                                             principal upon
                                                                                                                                                                                                agreement
 (10年期))                                                                                                                                        expiry

                                                                                                                                                Payment
 The 2014 Corporate Bonds publicly
                                           14 China                                                                                             of interest                                     Auction, quote,
 issued by China Merchants Securities
                                           Merchants                                                                                            annually, and                  Offering to      quote request
 Co., Ltd.                                                122374.SH May 25, 2015         May 26, 2015     May 26, 2025        55.00      5.08                        SSE                                          No
                                           Bonds                                                                                                payment of                     investors        and trade by
 (招商證券股份有限公司
                                           (14招商債)                                                                                              principal upon                                  agreement
 公開發行2014年公司債券)
                                                                                                                                                expiry

                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds
                                                                                                                                                interest annually              Offering to      Quote, quote
 (third tranche) of China Merchants        17 China
                                                                                                                                                if the option of               qualified        request and
 Securities Co., Ltd. (Notes)              Merchants Y3   145545.SH May 19, 2017         May 22, 2017          N/A            37.00      5.65                        SSE                                          No
                                                                                                                                                deferring payment              institutional    trade by
 (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級                      (17招商Y3)
                                                                                                                                                of interest is not             investors        agreement
 債券（第三期))
                                                                                                                                                exercised

                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds
                                                                                                                                                interest annually              Offering to      Quote, quote
 (fourth tranche) of China Merchants       17 China
                                                                                                                                                if the option of               qualified        request and
 Securities Co., Ltd.(Notes)               Merchants Y4   145579.SH June 16, 2017        June 19, 2017         N/A            23.00      5.58                        SSE                                          No
                                                                                                                                                deferring payment              institutional    trade by
 (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級                      (17招商Y4)
                                                                                                                                                of interest is not             investors        agreement
 債券（第四期）)
                                                                                                                                                exercised

 The 2019 Type Two Non-public issuance
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 of Corporate Bonds (second tranche)                                                                                                                                                            Quote, quote
                                           19 China                                                                                             interest annually,             Offering to
 issued by China Merchants Securities                                                                                                                                                           request and
                                           Merchants F4   151413.SH     April 9, 2019    April 10, 2019   April 10, 2022      36.00      4.00   and payment of       SSE       qualified                          No
 Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                      trade by
                                           (19招商F4)                                                                                             principal upon                 investors
 (招商證券股份有限公司2019年非公開發                                                                                                                                                                           agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 行公司債券(第二期)(品種二))

 The 2019 Type Two Non-public issuance
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 of Corporate Bonds (third tranche)                                                                                                                                                             Quote, quote
                                           19 China                                                                                             interest annually,             Offering to
 issued by China Merchants Securities                                                                                                                                                           request and
                                           Merchants F6   151496.SH April 24, 2019       April 25, 2019   April 25, 2022      40.00      4.28   and payment of       SSE       qualified                          No
 Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                      trade by
                                           (19招商F6)                                                                                             principal upon                 investors
 (招商證券股份有限公司2019年非公開發                                                                                                                                                                           agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 行公司債券(第三期)(品種二))




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

192
                                                                                                          Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      there is
                                                                                                                                                  Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                          Remaining Interest                        Trading                         Trading         any risk of
                Name                       Abbreviation    Code       Date of issuance    Value date     Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                           balance rate (%)                          place                         mechanism       termination
                                                                                                                                                    interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and trading

The 2020 Type Two Non-public issuance
                                                                                                                                               Payment of
of Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche)                                                                                                                                                              Quote, quote
                                           20 China                                                                                            interest annually,             Offering to
issued by China Merchants Securities                                                                                                                                                             request and
                                           Merchants F7    166997.SH June 10, 2020       June 11, 2020   June 11, 2022       40.00      3.15   and payment of       SSE       qualified                            No
Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                        trade by
                                           (20招商F7)                                                                                            principal upon                 investors
(招商證券股份有限公司2020年非公開發                                                                                                                                                                             agreement
                                                                                                                                               expiry
行公司債券(第四期)(品種二))

The 2020 Corporate Bonds (first
                                                                                                                                               Payment of
tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                                                                                Auction, quote,
                                           20 China                                                                                            interest annually,             Offering to
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                                                                                quote request
                                           Merchants G1    163757.SH July 21, 2020       July 22, 2020    July 22, 2023      30.00      3.55   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors                                                                                                                                                                           and trade by
                                           (20招商G1)                                                                                            principal upon                 investors
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                                                                               agreement
                                                                                                                                               expiry
公開發行2020年公司債券(第一期))

The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                               Payment of
(second tranche) publicly issued by        20 China                                                                                                                                              Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                               interest annually,             Offering to
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                                                                                                                             quote request
                                                           163925.SH August 12, 2020 August 13, 2020 August 13, 2023         30.00      3.50   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G3                                                                                                                                         and trade by
                                                                                                                                               principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年                        (20招證G3)                                                                                                                                              agreement
                                                                                                                                               expiry
公司債券(第二期)(品種二))

The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                               Payment of
(third tranche) publicly issued by China   20 China                                                                                                                                              Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                               interest annually,             Offering to
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                 September 18,       September 21,   September 21,                                                                           quote request
                                                           175174.SH                                                         29.00      3.55   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G4                 2020                2020            2022                                                                                and trade by
                                                                                                                                               principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年                        (20招證G4)                                                                                                                                              agreement
                                                                                                                                               expiry
公司債券(第三期)(品種一))

The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                               Payment of
(third tranche) publicly issued by China   20 China                                                                                                                                              Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                               interest annually,             Offering to
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                 September 18,       September 21,   September 21,                                                                           quote request
                                                           175175.SH                                                         29.00      3.78   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G5                 2020                2020            2023                                                                                and trade by
                                                                                                                                               principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年                        (20招證G5)                                                                                                                                              agreement
                                                                                                                                               expiry
公司債券(第三期)(品種二))

The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                               Payment of
(fourth tranche) publicly issued by        20 China                                                                                                                                              Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                               interest annually,             Offering to
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                      October 26,     October 26,                                                                            quote request
                                                           175292.SH October 23, 2020                                        30.00      3.43   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G6                                     2020            2022                                                                                and trade by
                                                                                                                                               principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年                        (20招證G6)                                                                                                                                              agreement
                                                                                                                                               expiry
公司債券(第四期)(品種一))

The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                               Payment of
(fourth tranche) publicly issued by        20 China                                                                                                                                              Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                               interest annually,             Offering to
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                      October 26,     October 26,                                                                            quote request
                                                           175293.SH October 23, 2020                                        10.00      3.63   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G7                                     2020            2023                                                                                and trade by
                                                                                                                                               principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年                        (20招證G7)                                                                                                                                              agreement
                                                                                                                                               expiry
公司債券(第四期)(品種二))

The 2020 Type One Subordinated
                                                                                                                                               Payment of
Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by   20 China                                                                                                                           Offering to        Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                               interest annually,
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                     December 3,         June 3,                                                          professional       quote request
                                                           175515.SH December 2, 2020                                        44.30      4.38   and payment of       SSE                                            No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities C1                                    2020              2023                                                            institutional      and trade by
                                                                                                                                               principal upon
限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行                        (20招證C1)                                                                                                                           investors          agreement
                                                                                                                                               expiry
次級債券(第一期)(品種一))




                                                                                                                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                        193
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        there is
                                                                                                                                                      Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                              Remaining Interest                        Trading                       Trading         any risk of
                  Name                       Abbreviation    Code       Date of issuance    Value date      Date of expiry                           principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                               balance rate (%)                          place                       mechanism       termination
                                                                                                                                                        interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     and trading

 The 2020 Type Two Subordinated
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by    20 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to     Merchants                                     December 3,       December 3,                                                          professional     quote request
                                                             175516.SH December 2, 2020                                          10.70      4.43   and payment of       SSE                                          No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有             Securities C2                                    2020              2023                                                              institutional    and trade by
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行                         (20招證C2)                                                                                                                             investors        agreement
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 次級債券(第一期)(品種二))

 The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 (first tranche) publicly issued by China    21 China                                                                                                                                              Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,             Offering to
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                      January 18,       January 18,                                                                          quote request
                                                             175637.SH January 15, 2021                                          15.00      3.24   and payment of       SSE       professional                       No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有             Securities G1                                     2021              2023                                                                              and trade by
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon                 investors
 限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                         (21招證G1)                                                                                                                                              agreement
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 公司債券(第一期)(品種一))

 The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 (first tranche) publicly issued by China    21 China                                                                                                                                              Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,             Offering to
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                      January 18,       January 18,                                                                          quote request
                                                             175638.SH January 15, 2021                                          45.00      3.53   and payment of       SSE       professional                       No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有             Securities G2                                     2021              2024                                                                              and trade by
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon                 investors
 限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                         (21招證G2)                                                                                                                                              agreement
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 公司債券(第一期)(品種二))

 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (first
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                      January 27,       January 27,                                                         professional     quote request
                                                             175705.SH January 26, 2021                                          48.00      3.95   and payment of       SSE                                          No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有             Securities C1                                     2021              2024                                                             institutional    and trade by
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行                         (21招證C1)                                                                                                                             investors        agreement
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 次級債券(第一期))

 The 2021 Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                                              Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,             Offering to
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                      January 28,       January 28,                                                                          quote request
                                                             175715.SH January 27, 2021                                          14.00      3.58   and payment of       SSE       professional                       No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有             Securities G3                                     2021              2024                                                                              and trade by
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon                 investors
 限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                         (21招證G3)                                                                                                                                              agreement
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 公司債券(第二期))

 The 2021 Type One Non-public issuance                                                                                                             Payment of
                                             21 China                                                                                                                                              Quote, quote
 of Corporate Bonds (first tranche) issued                                                                                                         interest annually,             Offering to
                                             Merchants                                      February 26,                                                                                           request and
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.                     177972.SH February 25, 2021                    August 26, 2022      25.00      3.55   and payment of       SSE       qualified                          No
                                             Securities F1                                     2021                                                                                                trade by
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021年非公開發                                                                                                                              principal upon                 investors
                                             (21招證F1)                                                                                                                                              agreement
 行公司債券(第一期)(品種一))                                                                                                                                  expiry

 The 2021 Type Two Non-public issuance                                                                                                             Payment of
                                             21 China                                                                                                                                              Quote, quote
 of Corporate Bonds (first tranche) issued                                                                                                         interest annually,             Offering to
                                             Merchants                                                                                                                                             request and
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.                     177973.SH February 25, 2021 February 26, 2021 August 26, 2023       75.00      3.85   and payment of       SSE       qualified                          No
                                             Securities F2                                                                                                                                         trade by
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021年非公開發                                                                                                                              principal upon                 investors
                                             (21招證F2)                                                                                                                                              agreement
 行公司債券(第一期)(品種二))                                                                                                                                  expiry

 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (second
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                                                                                                            professional     quote request
                                                             175813.SH March 8, 2021       March 9, 2021    March 9, 2024        60.00      3.95   and payment of       SSE                                          No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有             Securities C2                                                                                                                        institutional    and trade by
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行                         (21招證C2)                                                                                                                             investors        agreement
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 次級債券(第二期))
 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (third
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                                                                                                            professional     quote request
                                                             188003.SH April 14, 2021      April 15, 2021    April 15, 2024      60.00      3.80   and payment of       SSE                                          No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有             Securities C3                                                                                                                        institutional    and trade by
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行                         (21招證C3)                                                                                                                             investors        agreement
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 次級債券(第三期))



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

194
                                                                                                           Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       there is
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                           Remaining Interest                        Trading                         Trading         any risk of
                Name                       Abbreviation    Code        Date of issuance    Value date     Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                            balance rate (%)                          place                         mechanism       termination
                                                                                                                                                     interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    and trading

The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (fourth
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
tranche) publicly issued by China          21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                                                      November 18,                                                         professional       quote request
                                                           188122.SH May 17, 2021         May 18, 2021                        30.00      3.55   and payment of       SSE                                            No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities C4                                                      2023                                                             institutional      and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon
限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行                        (21招證C4)                                                                                                                            investors          agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
次級債券(第四期))

The 2021 Type One Subordinated
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by   21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                                                                                                           professional       quote request
                                                           188306.SH June 23, 2021        June 24, 2021   June 24, 2023       27.00      3.48   and payment of       SSE                                            No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities C5                                                                                                                       institutional      and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon
限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行                        (21招證C5)                                                                                                                            investors          agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
次級債券（第五期)(品種一))

The 2021 Type Two Subordinated
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by   21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                                      December 23,                                                         professional       quote request
                                                           188307.SH June 23, 2021        June 24, 2021                       20.00      3.60   and payment of       SSE                                            No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities C6                                                      2023                                                             institutional      and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon
限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行                        (21招證C6)                                                                                                                            investors          agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
次級債券(第五期)(品種二))

The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
(third tranche) publicly issued by China   21 China                                                                                                                                               Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,             Offering to
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                                                                                                                                              quote request
                                                           188386.SH     July 9, 2021     July 12, 2021    July 12, 2023      20.00      3.00   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G4                                                                                                                                          and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                        (21招證G4)                                                                                                                                               agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
公司債券(第三期)(品種一))

The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
(third tranche) publicly issued by China   21 China                                                                                                                                               Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,             Offering to
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                                                                                                                                              quote request
                                                           188387.SH     July 9, 2021     July 12, 2021    July 12, 2024      40.00      3.22   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G5                                                                                                                                          and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                        (21招證G5)                                                                                                                                               agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
公司債券(第三期)(品種二))

The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
(fourth tranche) publicly issued by        21 China                                                                                                                                               Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,             Offering to
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                                       October 12,                                                                            quote request
                                                           188481.SH July 28, 2021        July 29, 2021                       20.00      2.95   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G6                                                      2023                                                                                and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                        (21招證G6)                                                                                                                                               agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
公司債券(第四期)(品種一))

The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
(fourth tranche) publicly issued by        21 China                                                                                                                                               Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,             Offering to
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                                                                                                                              quote request
                                                           188482.SH July 28, 2021        July 29, 2021   June 13, 2024       43.00      3.12   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G7                                                                                                                                          and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                        (21招證G7)                                                                                                                                               agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
公司債券(第四期)(品種二))
The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
(fifth tranche) publicly issued by China   21 China                                                                                                                                               Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,             Offering to
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                                                                                                                                              quote request
                                                           188567.SH August 11, 2021 August 12, 2021 August 12, 2024          50.00      3.08   and payment of       SSE       professional                         No
professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G9                                                                                                                                          and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon                 investors
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                        (21招證G9)                                                                                                                                               agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
公司債券(第五期)(品種二))




                                                                                                                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         195
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     there is
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                           Remaining Interest                        Trading                       Trading         any risk of
                 Name                       Abbreviation    Code        Date of issuance   Value date     Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                            balance rate (%)                          place                       mechanism       termination
                                                                                                                                                     interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  and trading

 The 2021 Type Three Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 (fifth tranche) publicly issued by China   21 China                                                                                                                                            Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,             Offering to
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                                                                                                                                           quote request
                                                            188568.SH August 11, 2021 August 12, 2021 August 12, 2026         20.00      3.41   and payment of       SSE       professional                       No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities 10                                                                                                                                       and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon                 investors
 限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年                        (21招證10)                                                                                                                                            agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 公司債券(第五期)(品種三))

 The 2021 Type One Subordinated
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 Bonds (sixth tranche) publicly issued by   21 China                                                                                                                           Offering to      Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                 November 10,         November 11,   November 11,                                                         professional     quote request
                                                            188997.SH                                                         40.00      3.40   and payment of       SSE                                          No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities C7                 2021                 2021           2024                                                             institutional    and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行                        (21招證C7)                                                                                                                           investors        agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 次級債券(第六期)(品種一))

 The 2021 Type Two Subordinated
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 Bonds (sixth tranche) publicly issued by   21 China                                                                                                                           Offering to      Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                 November 10,         November 11,   November 11,                                                         professional     quote request
                                                            188998.SH                                                         10.00      3.70   and payment of       SSE                                          No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities C8                 2021                 2021           2026                                                             institutional    and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行                        (21招證C8)                                                                                                                           investors        agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 次級債券(第六期)(品種二))

 The 2022 Corporate Bonds (first
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China          22 China                                                                                                                                            Auction, quote,
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,             Offering to
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                     January 14,       January 17,    January 17,                                                                          quote request
                                                            185286.SH                                                         50.00      2.89   and payment of       SSE       professional                       No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有            Securities G1                    2022              2022           2025                                                                              and trade by
                                                                                                                                                principal upon                 investors
 限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2022年                        (22招證G1)                                                                                                                                            agreement
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 公司債券(第一期))

 The 2022 Perpetual Subordinated                                                                                                                Payment of
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by   22 China                                                                                            interest annually              Offering to      Auction, quote,
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to    Merchants                                                                                           if the option of               professional     quote request
                                                            185584.SH March 23, 2022 March 24, 2022            N/A            43.00      3.95                        SSE                                          No
 professional investors (Notes) (招商證券股      Securities Y1                                                                                       deferring payment              institutional    and trade by
 份有限公司2022年面向專業投資者公開                        (22招證Y1)                                                                                            of interest is not             investors        agreement
 發行永續次級債券（第一期）)                                                                                                                                 exercised


           Notes:
           1.           Among perpetual subordinated bonds, for “17 China Merchants Y3” and “17 China Merchants
                        Y4”, the issuer shall have the option of renewal and the right of deferring payment of interest;
                        and for “22 China Merchants Securities Y1”, the issuer shall have the right of redemption, and
                        when specific conditions are met, the issuer shall have the option of redemption and the option of
                        deferring payment of interest.
           2.           The coupon rate for the first five interest-bearing years of the perpetual subordinated bonds is
                        determined through bookkeeping and filing, and shall remain unchanged during the first five
                        interest-bearing years. Since the sixth interest-bearing year, the coupon rate shall be re-determined
                        every five years. The coupon rate re-determined every five years is the benchmark interest rate for
                        the relevant period plus the initial spread plus 300 basis points. The initial spread is the difference
                        between the coupon rate and the initial benchmark interest rate in the first five interest-bearing
                        years.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

196
                                                Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



   Payment of bond interest and principal during the Reporting Period


                                Name                                           Interest payment

The 2012 Corporate Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (10-       Full payment of interest in a
Year Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司2012年公司債券（10年期）)                                               timely manner

The 2014 Corporate Bonds publicly issued by China Merchants Securities      Full payment of interest in a
Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司公開發行2014年公司債券)                                                      timely manner

The 2018 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                           Full payment of principal in a
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份有限公
                                                                                         timely manner
司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第一期）)
The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of principal in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份
                                                                                         timely manner
有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第二期）                               （品種二）)
The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of principal in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份
                                                                                         timely manner
有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第三期）                               （品種二）)
The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of principal in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份
                                                                                         timely manner
有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第四期）                               （品種一）)
The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of principal in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份
                                                                                         timely manner
有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券（第五期）                               （品種一）)
The 2019 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                            Full payment of interest in a
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份有限公
                                                                                         timely manner
司面向合格投資者公開發行2019年公司債券（第一期）)
The 2020 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                            Full payment of interest in a
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股份有
                                                                                         timely manner
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第一期）)
The 2020 Type Two Short-term Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors   Full payment of principal in a
(招商證券股份有限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第                                                      timely manner
一期）  （品種二）)
The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of principal in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                         timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第二期）                                 （品種一）)
The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                            Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                         timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第二期）                                 （品種二）)




                                                                                       2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                     197
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                       Name                                   Interest payment

 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第三期）                                 （品種一）)
 The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第三期）                                 （品種二）)
 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第四期）                                 （品種一）)
 The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第四期）                                 （品種二）)
 The 2020 Type One Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）                                 （品種一）)
 The 2020 Type Two Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）                                 （品種二）)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) of China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級債
                                                                                        timely manner
 券（第一期）)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (second tranche) of China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級債
                                                                                        timely manner
 券（第二期）)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (third tranche) of China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級債
                                                                                        timely manner
 券（第三期）)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (fourth tranche) of China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級債
                                                                                        timely manner
 券（第四期）)
 The 2020 Type Two Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
 限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）                   （品種二）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

198
                                               Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                Name                                         Interest payment

The 2020 Type One Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (first
                                                                         Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）                   （品種一）)
The 2019 Type One Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                         Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）                   （品種一）)
The 2019 Type Two Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                          Full payment of interest in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）                   （品種二）)
The 2020 Type One Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                         Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）                   （品種一）)
The 2019 Type One Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (third
                                                                         Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）                   （品種一）)
The 2019 Type Two Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (third
                                                                          Full payment of interest in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）                   （品種二）)
The 2019 Type Two Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (fourth
                                                                         Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第四期）                   （品種二）)
The 2020 Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (third tranche) issued
                                                                         Full payment of principal in a
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2020年非
                                                                                       timely manner
公開發行公司債券（第三期）)
The 2020 Type Two Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (fourth
                                                                          Full payment of interest in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第四期）                   （品種二）)
The 2020 Type One Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (fourth
                                                                         Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                       timely manner
限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第四期）                   （品種一）)
The 2018 Non-public issuance of Corporate Bonds (seventh tranche)
                                                                         Full payment of principal in a
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司
                                                                                       timely manner
2018年非公開發行公司債券（第七期）)




                                                                                     2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                   199
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



           2.     Triggering and execution of issuer’s or investor’s option clause or investor protection
                  clause

                  Issuer’s option of renewal and issuer’s right of deferring payment of interest are available for
                  “17 China Merchants Y1”, “17 China Merchants Y2”, “17 China Merchants Y3” and “17
                  China Merchants Y4” of the Company. At the end of each repricing cycle of the above bonds,
                  the issuer has the right to choose to extend the maturity of the bonds for one repricing cycle,
                  or to pay the principal in full.
                  Issuer’s right of redemption and (when specific conditions are met) issuer’s option of
                  redemption and option of deferring payment of interest are available for “22 China
                  Merchants Securities Y1” of the Company. On the fifth and every subsequent interest
                  payment date, the issuer shall have the right to redeem the bonds at the face value plus the
                  interest payable.
                  February 17, 2022 and March 3, 2022 are the fifth interest payment date (i.e. the end of the
                  first repricing cycle) of “17 China Merchants Y1” and “17 China Merchants Y2”, respectively.
                  The Company decided not to exercise the issuer’s option of renewal for “17 China Merchants
                  Y1” and “17 China Merchants Y2”and to pay the principal in full.
                  As of the Latest Practicable Date, “17 China Merchants Y3”, “17 China Merchants Y4” and
                  “22 China Merchants Securities Y1” have not triggered the option as the exercise date has
                  not yet reached.
           3.     Intermediaries providing services for bond issuance and business in period of
                  duration


                                                                  Name of
      Name of                                                                   Contact
                                    Office address                 signing                    Contact number
    intermediary                                                                person
                                                                 accountant

                            27/F-28/F, Fund Building,
                                                                                  XU
 Huatai United Securities   5999 Yitian Road, Futian
                                                                     –        Shengcheng      0755-81902000
 Co., Ltd.                  District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
                                                                                (徐晟程)
                            Province, the PRC

                                                                                 WANG
                                                                                 Yicong
                            51/F & 53/F, Tower One,                             (王一聰)
                                                                                              021-52523039
 Everbright Securities      Hang Lung Plaza, 1266 West                         XING Yiwei
                                                                     –                        021-52523023
 Co., Ltd.                  Nanjing Road, Jing’an District,                     (邢一唯)
                                                                                              021-52523279
                            Shanghai, the PRC                                    ZHOU
                                                                               Chengying
                                                                                (周程穎)
                            9/F, Tower 1, China Phoenix
 Essence Securities                                                            XU Yingjie
                            Building, 2008 Shennan Road,             –                        0755-82558271
 Co., Ltd.                                                                      (徐英傑)
                            Shenzhen, the PRC

                            11/F, Qinghai Finance Building,
 China Galaxy                                                                   XU Jinjun
                            8 Xiying Street, Fengtai District,       –                        010-80927270
 Securities Co., Ltd.                                                           (許進軍)
                            Beijing, the PRC

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

200
                                                 Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                           Name of
     Name of                                                            Contact
                               Office address               signing                 Contact number
   intermediary                                                         person
                                                          accountant

                                                                       FENG Yuan
                       North Tower, Excellence Times
                                                                         (馮源)
CITIC Securities       Plaza II, 8 Zhongxin San Road,
                                                              –           QIU       0755-23835062
Company Limited        Futian District, Shenzhen,
                                                                        Chengfei
                       Guangdong Province, the PRC
                                                                        (丘承飛)
                                                                         ZHOU
                       22/F-25/F, Block B, Ping An
                                                                       Shunqiang
Ping An Securities     Financial Center, 5023 Yitian
                                                              –         (周順強)       0755-33547866
Company Linited        Road, Futian Street, Futian
                                                                       GUO Jinzhi
                       District, Shenzhen, the PRC
                                                                        (郭錦智)
                                                                         CAI Rui
                                                                          (蔡銳)
                       36/F, Bohua Plaza, 669
Guotai Junan                                                           GE Xinyue
                       Xinzha Road, Jing’an District,         –                     021-38677556
Securities Co., Ltd.                                                    (葛忻悅)
                       Shanghai, the PRC
                                                                        WU Hao
                                                                          (吳昊)
                                                                       WANG Lixin
                       Room 618, 2 Tengfei 1st
                                                                        (王麗欣)
                       Street, Sino-Singapore
GF Securities Co.,                                                     WU Xueting
                       Guangzhou Knowledge City,              –                     020-66338971
Ltd.                                                                    (伍雪婷)
                       Huangpu District, Guangzhou,
                                                                       YE Runxuan
                       Guangdong Province
                                                                        (葉潤軒)
                                                                       SU Dunyuan
                       F408, Ocean Building, 158
                                                                         (蘇敦淵)
Jia Yuan Law Offices   Fuxingmennei Street, Xicheng           –                     0755-82789766
                                                                       WANG Hao
                       District, Beijing, the PRC
                                                                          (王浩)
                                                            HONG
Deloitte Touche
                       30/F, Bund Center, 222 Yan An       Ruiming       HONG
Tohmatsu Certified
                       Road East, Huangpu, Shanghai,       (洪銳明)        Ruiming     020-28311202
Public Accountants
                       the PRC                            Barry MAN     (洪銳明)
LLP
                                                           (文啟斯)
Shanghai Brilliance                                                     ZHU Linyi
                       13/F, Huasheng Building, 398
Credit Rating &                                                          (朱琳藝)
                       Hankou Road, Shanghai, the             –                     021-63501349
Investors Service                                                       GAO Fei
                       PRC
Co., Ltd.                                                                 (高飛)

                       60101, Building 1, 2
China Chengxin
                       Nanzhugan Hutong,                               Xu Wenbo     010-66428877-
International Credit                                          –
                       Dongcheng District, Beijing, the                 (許文博)       449
Rating Co., Ltd.
                       PRC




                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                 201
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



            4.    Use of proceeds as at the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                               Unit: 100 Million Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                                                                            Whether it is
                                                                    Operation of
                                                                                       Rectification of   consistent with
                                                                     the special
                                       Gross    Amount    Amount                       non-compliant        the purpose,
              Name                                                  account for
                                     proceeds    used     unused                       use of proceeds     plan and other
                                                                    proceeds (if
                                                                                           (if any)       commitments in
                                                                        any)
                                                                                                           the prospectus

The 2012 Corporate Bonds of
China Merchants Securities Co.,
Ltd. (10-Year Maturity) ( 招 商 證         55.00     55.00        –   N/A                       Nil                Yes
券股份有限公司2012年公司債券
（10年期）)
 The 2014 Corporate Bonds
 publicly issued by China
                                                                   Operating
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.         55.00     55.00        –                             Nil                Yes
                                                                   normally
 (招商證券股份有限公司公開發行
 2014年公司債券)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated
 Bonds (third tranche) of China
                                                                   Operating
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招      37.00     37.00        –                             Nil                Yes
                                                                   normally
 商證券股份有限公司2017年永續
 次級債券（第三期）)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated
 Bonds (fourth tranche) of China
                                                                   Operating
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招      23.00     23.00        –                             Nil                Yes
                                                                   normally
 商證券股份有限公司2017年永續
 次級債券（第四期）)
 The 2019 Type Two Non-public
 issuance of Corporate Bonds
 (second tranche) issued by China
                                                                   Operating
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招      36.00     36.00        –                             Nil                Yes
                                                                   normally
 商證券股份有限公司2019年非公
 開 發 行 公 司 債 券（ 第 二 期 ）    （品種
 二）)
 The 2019 Type Two Non-public
 issuance of Corporate Bonds
 (third tranche) issued by China
                                                                   Operating
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招      40.00     40.00        –                             Nil                Yes
                                                                   normally
 商證券股份有限公司2019年非公
 開 發 行 公 司 債 券（ 第 三 期 ）    （品種
 二）)



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

202
                                                            Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                          Whether it is
                                                                      Operation of
                                                                                     Rectification of   consistent with
                                                                       the special
                                         Gross    Amount    Amount                   non-compliant        the purpose,
              Name                                                    account for
                                       proceeds    used     unused                   use of proceeds     plan and other
                                                                      proceeds (if
                                                                                         (if any)       commitments in
                                                                          any)
                                                                                                         the prospectus

The 2020 Corporate Bonds (first
tranche) publicly issued by China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                    Operating
                                          30.00     30.00        –                         Nil                Yes
professional investors ( 招 商 證 券                                     normally
股份有限公司面向專業投資者公
開發行2020年公司債券（第一期）)
The 2020 Type Two Corporate
Bonds (second tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                     Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      30.00     30.00        –                         Nil                Yes
                                                                     normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
面向專業投資者公開發行2020年
公司債券（第二期）         （品種二）)
The 2020 Type One Corporate
Bonds (third tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                     Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      29.00     29.00        –                         Nil                Yes
                                                                     normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
面向專業投資者公開發行2020年
公司債券（第三期）(品種一))
The 2020 Type Two Corporate
Bonds (third tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                     Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      29.00     29.00        –                         Nil                Yes
                                                                     normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
面向專業投資者公開發行2020年
公司債券（第三期）         （品種二）)




                                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                    203
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                           Whether it is
                                                                       Operation of
                                                                                      Rectification of   consistent with
                                                                        the special
                                          Gross    Amount    Amount                   non-compliant        the purpose,
               Name                                                    account for
                                        proceeds    used     unused                   use of proceeds     plan and other
                                                                       proceeds (if
                                                                                          (if any)       commitments in
                                                                           any)
                                                                                                          the prospectus

 The 2020 Type One Corporate
 Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      30.00     30.00        –                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 面向專業投資者公開發行2020年
 公司債券（第四期）(品種一))
 The 2020 Type Two Corporate
 Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      10.00     10.00        –                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 面向專業投資者公開發行2020年
 公司債券（第四期）         （品種二）)
 The 2020 Type One Subordinated
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      44.30     44.30        –                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 2020年面向專業投資者公開發行
 次級債券（第一期）(品種一))
 The 2020 Type Two Subordinated
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      10.70     10.70        –                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 2020年面向專業投資者公開發行
 次級債券（第一期）         （品種二）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

204
                                                             Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                            Whether it is
                                                                        Operation of
                                                                                       Rectification of   consistent with
                                                                         the special
                                          Gross    Amount    Amount                    non-compliant        the purpose,
               Name                                                     account for
                                        proceeds    used     unused                    use of proceeds     plan and other
                                                                        proceeds (if
                                                                                           (if any)       commitments in
                                                                            any)
                                                                                                           the prospectus

 The 2020 Type Two Non-public
 issuance of Corporate Bonds
 (fourth tranche) issued by China
                                                                       Operating
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招         40.00     40.00         –                         Nil                Yes
                                                                       normally
 商證券股份有限公司2020年非公
 開 發 行 公 司 債 券（ 第 四 期 ）    （品種
 二）)
 The 2021 Type One Corporate
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                       Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      15.00     15.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                       normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 面向專業投資者公開發行2021年
 公司債券（第一期）         （品種一）)
 The 2021 Type Two Corporate
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                       Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      45.00     45.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                       normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 面向專業投資者公開發行2021年
 公司債券（第一期）         （品種二）)
The 2021 Corporate Bonds
(second tranche) publicly issued
by China Merchants Securities
                                                                       Operating
Co., Ltd. to professional investors        14.00     14.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                       normally
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業
投資者公開發行2021年公司債券
（第二期）)




                                                                                                      2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      205
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                            Whether it is
                                                                        Operation of
                                                                                       Rectification of   consistent with
                                                                         the special
                                          Gross    Amount    Amount                    non-compliant        the purpose,
               Name                                                     account for
                                        proceeds    used     unused                    use of proceeds     plan and other
                                                                        proceeds (if
                                                                                           (if any)       commitments in
                                                                            any)
                                                                                                           the prospectus

 The 2021 Short-term Corporate
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                       Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      42.00     42.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                       normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 2021年面向專業投資者公開發行
 短期公司債券（第一期）)
 The 2021 Type One Corporate
 Bonds (third tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                       Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      20.00     20.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                       normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 面向專業投資者公開發行2021年
 公司債券（第三期）         （品種一）)
 The 2021 Type Two Corporate
 Bonds (third tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                       Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      40.00     40.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                       normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 面向專業投資者公開發行2021年
 公司債券（第三期）         （品種二）)
 The 2021 Type One Corporate
 Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                       Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      20.00     20.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                       normally
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司
 面向專業投資者公開發行2021年
 公司債券（第四期）         （品種一）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

206
                                                            Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                           Whether it is
                                                                       Operation of
                                                                                      Rectification of   consistent with
                                                                        the special
                                         Gross    Amount    Amount                    non-compliant        the purpose,
              Name                                                     account for
                                       proceeds    used     unused                    use of proceeds     plan and other
                                                                       proceeds (if
                                                                                          (if any)       commitments in
                                                                           any)
                                                                                                          the prospectus

The 2021 Type Two Corporate
Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      43.00     43.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
面向專業投資者公開發行2021年
公司債券（第四期）         （品種二）)
The 2021 Type Two Corporate
Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      50.00     50.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
面向專業投資者公開發行2021年
公司債券（第五期）         （品種二）)
The 2021 Type Three Corporate
Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      20.00     20.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
面向專業投資者公開發行2021年
公司債券（第五期）         （品種三）)
The 2021 Type One Non-public
issuance of Corporate Bonds
(first tranche) issued by China
                                                                      Operating
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招         25.00     25.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
商證券股份有限公司2021年非公
開 發 行 公 司 債 券（ 第 一 期 ）    （品種
一）)




                                                                                                     2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     207
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                          Whether it is
                                                                      Operation of
                                                                                     Rectification of   consistent with
                                                                       the special
                                        Gross    Amount    Amount                    non-compliant        the purpose,
              Name                                                    account for
                                      proceeds    used     unused                    use of proceeds     plan and other
                                                                      proceeds (if
                                                                                         (if any)       commitments in
                                                                          any)
                                                                                                         the prospectus

 The 2021 Type Two Non-public
 issuance of Corporate Bonds
 (first tranche) issued by China
                                                                     Operating
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招       75.00     75.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                     normally
 商證券股份有限公司2021年非公
 開 發 行 公 司 債 券（ 第 一 期 ）    （品種
 二）)
 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds
 (first tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                                     Operating
 Ltd. to professional investors (招       48.00     48.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                     normally
 商證券股份有限公司2021年面向
 專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第
 一期）)
The 2021 Subordinated Bonds
(second tranche) publicly issued
by China Merchants Securities
                                                                     Operating
Co., Ltd. to professional investors      60.00     60.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                     normally
(招商證券股份有限公司2021年面
向專業投資者公開發行次級債券
（第二期）)
 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds
 (third tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                                     Operating
 Ltd. to professional investors (招       60.00     60.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                     normally
 商證券股份有限公司2021年面向
 專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第
 三期）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

208
                                                            Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                           Whether it is
                                                                       Operation of
                                                                                      Rectification of   consistent with
                                                                        the special
                                         Gross    Amount    Amount                    non-compliant        the purpose,
              Name                                                     account for
                                       proceeds    used     unused                    use of proceeds     plan and other
                                                                       proceeds (if
                                                                                          (if any)       commitments in
                                                                           any)
                                                                                                          the prospectus

The 2021 Subordinated Bonds
(fourth tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                                      Operating
Ltd. to professional investors (招         30.00     30.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
商證券股份有限公司2021年面向
專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第
四期）)
The 2021 Type One Subordinated
Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      27.00     27.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
2021年面向專業投資者公開發行
次級債券（第五期）         （品種一）)
The 2021 Type Two Subordinated
Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      20.00     20.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
2021年面向專業投資者公開發行
次級債券（第五期）         （品種二）)
The 2021 Type One Subordinated
Bonds (sixth tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      40.00     40.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
2021年面向專業投資者公開發行
次級債券（第六期）         （品種一）)
The 2021 Type Two Subordinated
Bonds (sixth tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                      Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to professional      10.00     10.00      0.00                         Nil                Yes
                                                                      normally
investors (招商證券股份有限公司
2021年面向專業投資者公開發行
次級債券（第六期）         （品種二）)




                                                                                                     2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     209
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



            5.     Execution of and changes in guarantees, debt repayment plans and other repayment
                   guarantee measures during the Reporting Period and their impacts

                   (1)   Guarantees


                                                                                            Whether
                                                                                                          Impact of
                                                                                           the change
                                                                                                         the change
                                                      Whether                    Reason     has been
                                                                  Status upon                           on the rights
       Current status                Execution         there is                  for the    approved
                                                                    change                              and interests
                                                     any change                  change      by the
                                                                                                           of bond
                                                                                           competent
                                                                                                          investors
                                                                                            authority

 None of the surviving
 corporate bonds is              –                   No           N/A           N/A        N/A          N/A
 guaranteed

                   (2)   Debt repayment plans


                                                                                            Whether
                                                                                                          Impact of
                                                                                           the change
                                                                                                         the change
                                                      Whether                    Reason     has been
                                                                  Status upon                           on the rights
       Current status                Execution         there is                  for the    approved
                                                                    change                              and interests
                                                     any change                  change      by the
                                                                                                           of bond
                                                                                           competent
                                                                                                          investors
                                                                                            authority

                                 The Company
                                 has strictly
 For bonds with an original
                                 executed the
 maturity of more than one
                                 commitments
 and a half years (inclusive),
                                 on repayment
 the repayment plan is to
                                 plan in the
 pay interest annually during
                                 prospectus,
 the duration and pay the
                                 paid the interest
 principal upon expiry. For                          No           N/A           N/A        N/A          N/A
                                 and principal
 bonds with an original
                                 of corporate
 maturity of less than one and
                                 bonds in a
 a half years, the repayment
                                 timely manner,
 plan is to pay the principal
                                 and disclosed
 and interest one-off upon
                                 r e l e v a n t
 expiry.
                                 information in a
                                 timely manner.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

210
                                                             Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                    (3)   Repayment guarantee measures


                                                                                                  Whether
                                                                                                                 Impact of
                                                                                                 the change
                                                                                                                the change
                                                      Whether                       Reason        has been
                                                                    Status upon                                on the rights
        Current status             Execution           there is                     for the       approved
                                                                      change                                   and interests
                                                     any change                     change         by the
                                                                                                                  of bond
                                                                                                 competent
                                                                                                                 investors
                                                                                                  authority

The repayment guarantee          The Company
measures include engaging        has strictly
a trustee, formulating the       executed the
Bondholders’ Meeting             commitments
Rules, setting up a special      on repayment
repayment working group,         guarantee
                                                     No            N/A             N/A           N/A           N/A
improving profitability,         measures in
optimizing asset and liability   the prospectus
structure, strictly fulfilling   to protect the
information disclosure           legitimate rights
obligations and maintaining      and interests of
strong shareholder support.      investors.

            6.      Other information on corporate bonds

                    (1)   Total interest-bearing liabilities, year-on-year changes and types of interest-
                          bearing liabilities as at the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                     Balance of liability
                                                                   As at the end          As at the end
                                                                                                               Change
Type of liability                                                        of 2021                of 2020

Short-term borrowings                                         5,248,005,983.09       3,290,295,411.76          59.50%

Short-term debt instruments                                  26,935,839,064.49      36,216,758,288.55          -25.63%

Placements from banks and other financial institutions        6,743,717,383.90      11,002,762,277.75          -38.71%

Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements           127,417,730,458.56     119,258,195,351.42           6.84%

Long-term borrowings                                              980,181,988.83         671,356,616.04        46.00%

Bonds payable                                               146,313,957,294.30      92,980,627,829.89          57.36%

Total                                                       313,639,432,173.17     263,419,995,775.41          19.06%




                                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         211
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                  (2)   Maturity of interest-bearing liabilities as at the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                        Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB

 Type of liability                                                      Within one year            Over one year

 Short-term borrowings                                                  5,248,005,983.09                          –

 Short-term debt instruments                                          26,935,839,064.49                           –

 Placements from banks and other financial institutions                 6,743,717,383.90                          –

 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                   127,417,730,458.56                           –

 Long-term borrowings                                                          641,985.91         979,540,002.92

 Bonds payable                                                        32,920,742,044.09       113,393,215,250.21

 Sub-total                                                           199,266,676,920.04       114,372,755,253.13

 Proportion                                                                       63.53%                   36.47%

      (II)   Accounting data and financial indicators for the last two years as at the end of the
             Reporting Period

                                                                            Unit: 100 Million Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                                Year-on-year      Reason for the
 Key indicators                                2021                  2020
                                                                                 change (%)          change

 Net profit after deduction
 of non-recurring profit or                  115.87                 94.88                22.13            –
 loss

 Current ratio                                  1.76                 1.54                13.96            –

 Quick ratio                                    1.76                 1.54                13.96            –

 Gearing ratio (%)                             77.37                74.46                 3.92            –

 EBITDA/debt ratio                              6.88                 6.62                 3.85            –

 Interest coverage ratio                        2.47                 2.65                 -6.84           –

 Cash interest coverage
                                               -5.30                -4.32                   N/A           –
 ratio

 EBITDA/interest coverage
                                                2.53                 2.73                 -7.25           –
 ratio

 Loan repayment ratio (%)                    100.00                100.00                     –           –

 Interest payment ratio (%)                  100.00                100.00                     –           –

      Notes:
      1.     “Net profit after deduction of non-recurring profit or loss” in the above table refers to the net profit
             attributable to shareholders of the parent company after deduction of non-recurring profit or loss.
      2.     Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – Amount of agency trading)/(Total assets – Amount of agency trading).

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

212
                                                            Chapter 9: Financial Report


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 219 to 367, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2021, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and
its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          213
Chapter 9: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

  Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

  1     Determination of consolidation scope of structured entities

  We identified the determination of consolidation        Our procedures in relation to the determination of
  scope of structured entities as a key audit matter      consolidation scope of structured entities included:
  due to the significant judgment applied by the          •    Understanding the key controls of management
  management in determining whether a structured               in determining the consolidation scope as
  entity was required to be consolidated by the                set out in IFRS 10 of interests in structured
  Group and the significance of the impact arising             entities and evaluating the effectiveness of
  from consolidating these structured entities to the          these controls;
  Group’s consolidated financial statements as a
                                                          •    Examining, on a sample basis, the related
  whole.
                                                               in vestment co ntracts an d o th er related
  The Group held a number of interests in structured           service agreements of significant structured
  entities including investment funds, collective asset        entities to determine whether management’s
  management schemes, trust schemes and limited                conclusion as to whether or not a structured
  partnerships where the Group was involved as                 entity was required to be consolidated by the
  investment manager or investor. As disclosed in              Group was in accordance with IFRS 10;
  note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,
                                                          •    Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy of
  the management applied judgment in determining
                                                               management’s calculations of the Group’s
  whether these investments should be consolidated
                                                               exposure or right to variable returns from its
  in accordance with International Financial
                                                               involvement with the structured entities and
  Reporting Standard 10: Consolidated Financial
                                                               examining the data used in these calculations
  Statements (“IFRS 10”) by determining i) whether
                                                               by reference to the related contracts.
  the Group had power over these investees, and
  ii) whether the combination of investments it
  held, if any, together with its remuneration
  and credit enhancement created exposure to
  variability of returns from the activities of the
  asset management schemes, investment funds and
  limited partnerships that was of such significance
  that it indicated that the Group had control.
  As disclosed in notes 21 and 23, as at December
  31, 2021, the total assets of the consolidated
  structured entities amounted to RMB20,539
  million and the total assets of the unconsolidated
  structured entities sponsored by the Group
  amounted to RMB475,795 million, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

214
                                                                      Chapter 9: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 2    Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) for advances to customers and stock-pledged
      repurchase agreements under financial assets held under resale agreements

 We identified the measurement of ECL for              Our procedures in relation to the measurement of
 the Group’s financial assets of credit business       ECL for financial assets of credit business included:
 (advances to customers and stock-pledged              •    Understanding the key controls relating to
 repurchase agreements under financial assets held          the measurement of ECL for advances to
 under resale agreements) as a key audit matter             customers and stock-pledged repurchase
 due to the significance of these assets to the             agreements and evaluating the effectiveness
 Group’s consolidated financial statements and the          of these controls;
 significant management estimates and judgment
                                                       •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the ECL
 required in the measurement.
                                                            model and the critical assumptions and
 As set out in note 62(2) to the consolidated               parameters used in the model, in particular,
 financial statements, the measurement involved             loss rate, with the involvement of our internal
 significant management estimates and judgment              experts;
 in the following key areas:
                                                       •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria
 •    Determination of the criteria for significant         for SICR and financial assets that are credit
      increase in credit risk (“SICR”) and financial        impaired determined by management and,
      assets that are credit impaired;                      on a sample basis, testing the application
 •    Use of models and assumptions;                        of criteria for SICR and financial assets that
 •    Determination of loss rate.                           are credit impaired to individual advances
                                                            to customers and stock-pledged repurchase
 The high degree of estimation uncertainty of the
                                                            agreements;
 ECL had a significant impact on the carrying values
 of these assets, which in aggregate amounted to       •    Examining the correctness of major inputs to
 RMB112,386 million and constituted appropriately           the ECL model for selected samples, including
 18.82% of the total assets of the Group as at              exposure at default and loss rate;
 December 31, 2021.                                    •    For credit-impaired financial assets, on a
 As at December 31, 2021, the Group recognized              sample basis, assessing the reasonableness of
 expected credit losses of RMB146 million for               expected credit losses made by management
 advances to customers; RMB741 million for stock-           based on the estimated future cash flows by
 pledged repurchase agreements; as disclosed in             reference to the latest collateral valuations, as
 notes 29 and 26 to the consolidated financial              appropriate.
 statements, respectively.




                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         215
Chapter 9: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

  Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

  3     Valuations of financial assets classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3

  We identified the valuations of financial assets         Our procedures in relation to the valuations of
  classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3     Level 3 financial assets included:
  (“Level 3 financial assets”) as a key audit matter       •     Understanding the key controls over the
  due to the significant management estimates                    valuation process for Level 3 financial assets
  and judgments arising from the involvement of                  and evaluating the effectiveness of these
  significant unobservable inputs in their valuations.           controls;
  As disclosed in note 63 to the consolidated              •     Evaluating the appropriateness of the
  financial statements, the fair value of the Group’s            valuation models used by the management
  Level 3 financial assets amounted to RMB14,378                 for Level 3 financial assets, based on our
  million as at December 31, 2021. Level 3 financial             knowledge of current industry practice;
  assets were measured using valuation models that
                                                           •     On a sample basis, reading the investment
  involved a number of inputs; some of significant
                                                                 agreements, to understand the relevant
  inputs were not based on observable market
                                                                 investment terms, identifying any conditions
  data, including volatility and discount for lack of
                                                                 that were relevant to the valuations of these
  marketability, etc.
                                                                 financial assets and assessing the application
                                                                 in the valuation;
                                                           •     Evaluating, on a sample basis, the
                                                                 appropriateness of the unobservable and
                                                                 observable inputs which are significant,
                                                                 used for measuring the fair value of Level 3
                                                                 financial assets;
                                                           •     Performing independent valuations of Level
                                                                 3 financial assets, on a sample basis, and
                                                                 comparing these valuations with the Group’s
                                                                 valuations, with the involvement of our
                                                                 valuation experts, as appropriate.



Other Information

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon.
     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears
to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

216
                                                                         Chapter 9: Financial Report



Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal controls as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.
     As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
          whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
          obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
          of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
          error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
          override of internal control.
     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
          procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
          opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
          estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           217
Chapter 9: Financial Report



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued)

      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
           and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
           or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
           If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
           report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
           inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
           to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
           cease to continue as a going concern.
      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
           including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
           underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
      •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
           We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
           solely responsible for our audit opinion.
     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.
     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Man Kai Sze.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
March 27, 2022
      The independent auditor’s report and the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
notes have been issued in English. The Chinese version is used as a translated version for reference only. In the
event of any discrepancy in the interpretation between the English version and Chinese version, the English
version shall prevail.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

218
                                                     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                            Year ended December 31,

                                                                 Notes             2021              2020

Fee and commission income                                           7       15,304,295        12,798,077

Interest income                                                     8       11,342,235         9,716,966

Investment gains or losses, net                                     9        9,454,795         6,783,213

Other income and gains or losses, net                              10        4,241,097         3,171,060

Total revenue, gains and other income                                       40,342,422        32,469,316

Depreciation and amortization                                      11          (645,607)         (591,279)

Staff costs                                                        12        (8,315,756)       (7,498,108)

Fee and commission expenses                                        13        (2,835,270)       (2,101,235)

Interest expenses                                                  14        (9,649,572)       (7,118,053)

Tax and surcharges                                                             (169,923)         (140,492)

Other operating expenses                                           15        (6,246,319)       (4,598,325)

Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal                                                  16          (373,061)         (155,575)

Other impairment losses, net                                                     (3,318)               (18)

Total expenses                                                             (28,238,826)      (22,203,085)

Share of results of associates                                               1,600,257         1,042,638

Profit before income tax                                                    13,703,853        11,308,869

Income tax expenses                                                17        (2,046,045)       (1,805,002)

Profit for the year                                                         11,657,808         9,503,867

Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company and holders of other
    equity instruments                                                      11,645,065         9,491,639

  Non-controlling interests                                                      12,743            12,228

                                                                            11,657,808         9,503,867

Earnings per share attributable to shareholders of
  the Company (Expressed in RMB per share)                         18

— Basic and diluted                                                                1.25              1.06

   The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                       219
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                             Year ended December 31,

                                                                                    2021             2020

  Profit for the year                                                         11,657,808         9,503,867

  Other comprehensive (expense) income:

  Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

  Equity instruments designated as at fair value through other
    comprehensive income:

    Net fair value changes during the year                                      (220,830)         163,467

    Income tax impact                                                             60,834           (40,867)

    Sub-total                                                                   (159,996)         122,600

    Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                  —           (22,095)

  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

  Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income:

    Net fair value changes during the year                                        74,805          (160,799)

    Reclassification adjustment to profit or loss                                  5,827          (316,546)

    Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal            3,697             9,511

    Income tax impact                                                            (25,534)         120,974

    Sub-total                                                                     58,795          (346,860)

  Share of other comprehensive income of associates,
    net of related income tax                                                      9,153            (7,648)

  Exchange differences arising from translation of foreign operations           (184,320)         (321,880)

  Other comprehensive expense for the year (net of tax)                         (276,368)        (575,883)

  Total comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)                        11,381,440         8,927,984

  Attributable to:

    Shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments       11,368,697         8,915,756

    Non-controlling interests                                                     12,743           12,228

                                                                              11,381,440         8,927,984

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

220
                                               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                  As at December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                   Notes             2021              2020

Non-current assets

Property and equipment                                               19        1,480,506         1,547,029

Right-of-use assets                                                  20        1,643,651         1,608,964

Goodwill                                                                            9,671             9,671

Other intangible assets                                                            35,602            19,988

Interests in associates                                              22        9,648,858         9,508,149

Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                             24        1,409,254         7,420,580

Debt instruments at amortized cost                                   25          164,506           921,389

Financial assets held under resale agreements                        26          665,863         1,362,032

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                32       10,577,488         7,565,032

Deferred tax assets                                                  27        1,561,415         1,818,424

Other non-current assets                                             28          747,041         1,132,319

Total non-current assets                                                      27,943,855        32,913,577

Current assets

Advances to customers                                                29       98,686,506        81,754,350

Current tax assets                                                               139,954           106,799

Accounts and other receivables                                       30        5,457,785         6,429,522

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                             31       40,582,323        44,614,600

Debt instruments at amortized cost                                   25          953,120           818,001

Financial assets held under resale agreements                        26       38,532,729        50,898,293

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                32      254,766,790       166,030,032

Derivative financial assets                                          33        3,204,641         1,726,339

Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions          34       13,141,791         9,067,233

Clearing settlement funds                                            35       25,873,373        22,529,340

Cash and bank balances                                               36       87,938,261        82,838,593

Total current assets                                                         569,277,273       466,813,102

Total assets                                                                 597,221,128       499,726,679


   The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         221
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
As at December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                     Notes          2021              2020
  Current liabilities
  Short-term borrowings                                               38       5,248,006          3,290,295
  Short-term debt instruments                                         39      26,935,839         36,216,758
  Placements from banks and other financial institutions              40       6,743,717         11,002,762
  Accounts payables to brokerage clients                              41      99,605,342         85,441,243
  Accrued staff costs                                                 42       8,059,301          6,759,837
  Other payables and accrued charges                                  43      32,690,883         18,451,855
  Current tax liabilities                                                        553,519           249,546
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss          44      21,320,342         11,249,844
  Derivative financial liabilities                                    33       4,616,992          3,071,802
  Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                   45     127,417,730     119,258,195
  Lease liabilities                                                   46         321,889           294,159
  Provisions                                                                     128,144               377
  Long-term borrowings due within one year                            51             642           253,004
  Bonds payables due within one year                                  53      32,920,742         36,939,761
  Total current liabilities                                                  366,563,088     332,479,438
  Net current assets                                                         202,714,185     134,333,664
  Total assets less current liabilities                                      230,658,040     167,247,241
  Equity
  Share capital                                                       47       8,696,526          8,696,526
  Other equity instruments                                            48      15,000,000         15,000,000
  Capital reserves                                                            40,361,022         40,361,022
  Less: Treasury stocks                                               47               —                 —
  Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                                49         196,165           288,626
  Foreign currency translation reserve                                          (227,414)           (43,094)
  General reserves                                                    50      20,744,058         18,514,639
  Retained profits                                                            27,732,673         22,919,086
  Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                         112,503,030     105,736,805
  Non-controlling interests                                                       87,421            87,908
  Total equity                                                               112,590,451     105,824,713

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

222
                               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
                                                                                     As at December 31, 2021
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                      Notes             2021              2020

 Non-current liabilities

 Accrued staff costs                                                    42          223,661           395,360

 Deferred tax liabilities                                               27          491,857           790,161

 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             44        1,867,596         2,692,207

 Deferred income                                                                    116,144           119,340

 Lease liabilities                                                      46          995,576           966,240

 Long-term borrowings                                                   52          979,540           418,353

 Bonds payables                                                         54      113,393,215        56,040,867

 Total non-current liabilities                                                  118,067,589        61,422,528

 Total equity and non-current liabilities                                       230,658,040       167,247,241

     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
     The consolidated financial statements on pages 219 to 367 were approved and authorized for issue by
the board of directors on March 27, 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:




                        HUO Da                                                Xiao Houfa
             Executive Director, Chairman                         Independent non-executive Director




                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            223
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                   Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                      Investment
                                                                                                      revaluation
                                                                                                       reserve of
                                                                                                         financial
                                                                                                        assets at
                                                                                                        fair value
                                                                                                         through         Foreign
                                                             Other                                          other        currency                                                       Non-
                                               Share         equity      Capital        Treasury comprehensive        translation         General     Retained                    controlling
                                              capital   instruments     reserves           stocks         income          reserve         reserves      profits      Sub-total      interests         Total

                                            (Note 47)     (Note 48)                     (Note 47)       (Note 49)                        (Note 50)

  At January 1, 2020                        6,699,409    15,000,000   27,533,939         (663,954)       542,629         278,786        16,401,426   19,256,086     85,048,321        79,530     85,127,851

  Profit for the year                              —             —            —                —               —               —                —     9,491,639      9,491,639        12,228      9,503,867

  Other comprehensive expense
  for the year                                     —             —            —                —         (254,003)       (321,880)              —            —        (575,883)           —        (575,883)

  Total comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                              —             —            —                —         (254,003)       (321,880)              —     9,491,639      8,915,756        12,228      8,927,984

  Appropriation to general reserves                —             —            —                —               —               —         2,113,213   (2,113,213)            —             —              —

  Distribution to holders of other equity
  instruments (note 55)                            —             —            —                —               —               —                —      (802,090)      (802,090)           —        (802,090)

  Dividends recognized as distribution
  (note 55)                                        —             —            —                —               —               —                —    (2,913,336)    (2,913,336)       (3,850)    (2,917,186)

  Settlement of treasury stocks (note 47)          —             —            —          663,954               —               —                —            —        663,954             —        663,954

  Issuance of shares                        1,997,117            —    12,827,083               —               —               —                —            —      14,824,200            —      14,824,200

  At December 31, 2020                      8,696,526    15,000,000   40,361,022               —         288,626          (43,094)      18,514,639   22,919,086    105,736,805        87,908    105,824,713

  At January 1, 2021                        8,696,526    15,000,000   40,361,022               —         288,626          (43,094)      18,514,639   22,919,086    105,736,805        87,908    105,824,713

  Profit for the year                              —             —            —                —               —               —                —    11,645,065     11,645,065        12,743     11,657,808

  Other comprehensive expense
  for the year                                     —             —            —                —          (92,048)       (184,320)              —            —        (276,368)           —        (276,368)

  Total comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                              —             —            —                —          (92,048)       (184,320)              —    11,645,065     11,368,697        12,743     11,381,440

  Appropriation to general reserves                —             —            —                —               —               —         2,229,419   (2,229,419)            —             —              —

  Distribution to holders of other equity
  instruments (note 55)                            —             —            —                —               —               —                —      (802,090)      (802,090)           —        (802,090)

  Dividends recognized as distribution
  (note 55)                                        —             —            —                —               —               —                —    (3,800,382)    (3,800,382)      (13,230)    (3,813,612)

  Transfer to retained profits for
  cumulative fair value change of
  FVTOCI in associates upon disposal               —             —            —                —           22,095              —                —       (22,095)            —             —              —

  Transfer to retained profits for
  cumulative fair value change of
  FVTOCI upon disposal                             —             —            —                —          (22,508)             —                —       22,508              —             —              —

  At December 31, 2021                      8,696,526    15,000,000   40,361,022               —         196,165         (227,414)      20,744,058   27,732,673    112,503,030        87,421    112,590,451




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

224
                                                         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                              Year ended December 31
                                                                                     2021              2020
Operating activities
Profit before income tax                                                      13,703,853        11,308,869
Adjustments for:
Interest expenses                                                              9,649,572         7,118,053
Share of results of associates                                                 (1,600,257)       (1,042,638)
Depreciation and amortization                                                    645,607           591,279
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal              376,379           155,592
Losses on disposal of property and equipment, other intangible
  assets and other non-current assets, net                                          5,608             3,940
Foreign exchange gains, net                                                       (12,136)          (17,803)
Gain on disposal of investments in associates                                    (134,216)                —
Net realized losses (gains) from disposal of financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                                5,827          (316,546)
Dividend income and interest income on financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income and debt instrument at
  amortized cost                                                               (1,957,110)       (1,678,936)
Unrealized fair value changes in financial instruments at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                       (1,285,316)       (1,596,412)
Unrealized fair value changes in derivative financial instruments                584,685           113,657
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                      19,982,496        14,639,055
Increase in advances to customers                                             (16,735,721)     (26,441,460)
Decrease (Increase) in other current assets                                      903,631         (3,614,028)
Decrease (Increase) in financial assets held under resale agreements          12,777,863       (16,698,305)
Increase in financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss, net   (81,249,971)     (29,106,776)
Increase in deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions        (4,074,558)       (4,286,343)
Increase in pledged and restricted bank deposits                                 (399,126)       (1,614,522)
Increase in clearing settlement funds                                          (5,001,348)       (5,853,305)
Increase in cash held on behalf of customers                                   (8,124,202)     (17,684,846)
Increase in accounts payables to brokerage clients                            14,164,099        23,743,508
Increase in accrued staff costs                                                1,127,765          1,587,280
Increase in other current liabilities                                         13,910,712        11,520,666
Increase in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  8,033,572        21,484,880
(Decrease) Increase in placements from other financial institutions            (4,270,000)        4,000,000
Cash used in operations                                                       (48,954,788)     (28,324,196)
Income taxes paid                                                              (1,780,392)       (2,145,894)
Interest paid                                                                  (3,583,425)       (2,873,405)
Net cash used in operating activities                                         (54,318,605)     (33,343,495)

                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         225
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                         Year ended December 31
                                                                               2021            2020
  Investing activities
  Dividends and interest received from investments                         2,632,357       2,040,425
  Purchases of property and equipment, other intangible assets and
    other non-current assets                                                (412,759)       (373,714)
  Proceeds from disposals of property and equipment, other intangible
    assets and other non-current assets                                        1,471           1,011
  Proceeds on disposal of interest in an associate                         1,160,630         14,400
  Net purchase or proceeds from disposals of financial instruments
    at fair value through other comprehensive income                       9,826,753        675,565
  Net purchase or proceeds from disposals of debt instruments
    at amortized cost                                                       604,955         163,298
  Net cash from investing activities                                     13,813,407        2,520,985
  Financing activities
  Dividends paid to shareholders and other equity instrument holders      (4,615,702)     (3,719,276)
  Interest payment of bonds and short-term debt instruments               (4,696,562)     (3,858,452)
  Interest payment of borrowings                                            (129,838)       (103,297)
  Interest payment of lease liabilities                                      (33,324)        (38,191)
  Repayment of bonds and short-term debt instruments                    (131,975,509)   (122,528,154)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                            (308,249)       (290,263)
  Proceeds from bonds and short-term debt instruments                   175,065,469     152,633,222
  Net repayment or proceeds from short-term borrowings                     2,080,182        409,477
  Repayment of long-term borrowings                                         331,848         (673,250)
  Proceeds from issuance of shares                                                —      14,824,200
  Proceeds from settlement of treasury stocks                                     —         663,954
  Net cash from financing activities                                     35,718,315      37,319,970
  Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (4,786,883)      6,497,460
  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                 19,443,988      13,173,740
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                    (59,867)       (227,212)
  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                       14,597,238      19,443,988
  Net cash flows from operating activities include Interest received       9,186,958       7,982,977




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

226
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

      China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was formerly established as a securities
department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. On August 1, 1993, with the approval of People’s Bank of
China (Shenzhen branch) and Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Company was duly
established as the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行證券業務部). On August
26, 1994, the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. was renamed as Shenzhen CMB
Securities Company (深圳招銀證券公司). On September 28, 1994, Shenzhen CMB Securities Company (深圳
招銀證券公司) further changed its name to CMB Securities Company (招銀證券公司). On November 6, 1998,
with the approval of People’s Bank of China and China Securities Regulatory Commission, CMB Securities
Company (招銀證券公司) increased its paid-in capital and changed its name to Guotong Securities Limited
Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司).
     After the completion of registration with Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, Guotong
Securities Limited Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司) restructured and changed its name to Guotong
Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) on December 26, 2001 in accordance with The Approval to The
Resolution about Managing The State-owned Shares of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公
司) (Cai Qi [2001] No. 723) issued by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), The
Approval for Changing the Name of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Zheng Jian Ji
Gou Zi [2001] No. 285) issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and The Approval for Equity
Restructuring of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Shen Fu Gu [2001] No. 49) issued by
the Municipal Government of Shenzhen. On June 28, 2002, Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限
公司) was renamed as China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司).
     On November 2, 2009, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission ([2009] No. 1132),
the Company launched its initial public offering of 358,546,141 A shares. On November 17, 2009, the
Company started to be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company’s ultimate holding company is
China Merchants Group Limited (“CMG”). CMG is a PRC enterprise regulated and directly managed by the
State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. CMG is owned and
controlled by the PRC Government.
     On October 7, 2016, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission ([2016] No. 1735),
the Company issued RMB891,273,800 H Shares, which were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”).
      On July 20, 2020 and August 20, 2020, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission
([2019] No. 1946 and [2020] No. 723), the Company completed the rights issue of A Share and H Share by
issuing RMB1,702,997,123 A Shares and RMB294,120,354 H Shares, which were listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange and the Main Board of The Hong Kong Stock Exchanges, respectively.
     As at December 31, 2021, the Company’s registered capital was RMB8,696,526,806 and the Company
has a total of 8,696,526,806 issued shares of RMB1 each.




                                                                                         2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                      227
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1.    CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)

      The address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company is No.111, 1st
Fuhua Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, the PRC. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
the “Group”) are principally engaged in securities brokerage, securities financial advisory, financial advisory
services relating to securities trading and investment activities, securities underwriting and sponsorship,
proprietary trading, asset management, margin financing and securities lending, securities investment fund
distribution, agency sales of financial products, securities investment management, stock options market-
making business, commodity futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consulting
and other business approved by China Securities Regulatory Commission’s (“CSRC”).
     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as
functional currency of the Company. All financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial
statements are presented in RMB and has been rounded to the nearest thousands, except when otherwise
indicates.


2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
      STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatory effective for the annual
period beginning on or after January 1, 2021 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

        Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7,          Interest Rate Benchmark — Phase 2
         IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

      The adoption of the above-mentioned amendments does not have a significant impact on the operating
results, comprehensive income, or financial position of the Group.
     In addition, the Group has early applied the Amendment to IFRS 16 “Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions
beyond 30 June 2021”. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments.
The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding
adjustment recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs. The application of this
amendment has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current
and prior years.
     Other than mentioned above, the application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year had no
material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on
the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

228
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

New and amendments IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but
are not yet effective.

         IFRS 17                                          Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1

         Amendments to IFRS 3                             Reference to the Conceptual Framework2

         Amendments IFRS 10 and IAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                                                            and its Associate or Joint Venture3

         Amendments to IAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1

         Amendments to IAS 1 and                          Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
          IFRS Practice Statement 2

         Amendments to IAS 8                              Definition of Accounting Estimates1

         Amendments to IAS 12                             Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                            from a Single Transaction1

         Amendments to IAS 16                             Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before
                                                            Intended Use2

         Amendments to IAS 37                             Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2

         Amendments to IFRS Standards                     Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20202

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022
     3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the new and amendments to IFRSs will
have no material impact on the consolidated financial statement in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              229
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). For the purpose of
preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information
is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial
statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
accounting policies as follows.
      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
services.
      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or
a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would
take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value
for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such
a basis, except for leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements
that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of
Assets.
      For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable
inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that
at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.
     For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
      •    Level 1: Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities that
           the entity can access at the measurement date;
      •    Level 2: Inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for
           the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
      •    Level 3: Inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
      The principal accounting policies are as follows.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

230
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
(including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved where
the Company: (a) has power over the investee; (b) is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its
involvement with the investee; and (c) has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
      Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less accumulated
impairment loss, if any, in the Company’s statement of financial position. Specifically, income and expenses
of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or
losses from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company
and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners
of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having
a deficit balance.
     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.
    All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.
     Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over
the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserve between the Group and the non-
controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.
     Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests is adjusted and the fair
value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of the
Company.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           231
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Basis of consolidation (Continued)

     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-
controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated
as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair
value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities
of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously recognised in other
comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed
of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another
category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in
the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for
subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) or, when applicable, the cost on initial
recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.


Structured entities

      The Group serves as the manager of collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships.
These collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships invest mainly in equities, debt securities,
cash and cash equivalents and securities-backed lending under resales agreements. The Group’s proportion of
ownership in these structured entities can fluctuate from day to day according to the Group’s and third-party
participation in them. Where the Group is deemed to control such collective asset management schemes,
funds and partnerships, with control determined based on an analysis of the guidance in IFRS 10 Consolidated
financial statements, they are consolidated, with the interests of parties other than the Group being classified
as liabilities because there is a contractual obligation for the relevant group entity as an issuer to repurchase
or redeem units in such collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships for cash. These are
presented as “Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss(“FVTPL”)” in the consolidated statement
of financial position.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

232
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Business combinations

      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their
fair value, except that:
     (1)   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
           are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
           Benefits respectively;
     (2)   liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
           share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
           arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment at the
           acquisition date;
     (3)   assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current
           Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard;
           and
     (4)   lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
           (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
           for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
           underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at the same
           amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
           lease when compared with market terms.
       Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed. If, after re-assessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree
(if any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.
     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at
the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net
assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as
appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously
been recognized in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be accounted for on the
same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.


                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                             233
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Foreign currencies

     When the Company receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to
functional currency at the spot exchange rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions
are, on initial recognition, translated to functional currency at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.
     A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the “People’s Bank of China”, the State
Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that
approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under a systematic and rational method, normally
the average exchange rate of the current year.
      Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to functional currency at the spot
exchange rate at the end of the year. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss.
Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated
to functional currency using the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items
denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange
rate on the date the fair value is determined; the resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or
loss.
      The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to presentation currency at the spot
exchange rate at the end of reporting period. The equity items, excluding “retained profits”, are translated to
presentation currency at the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The income and expenses of foreign
operation are translated to presentation currency at the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates. The
resulting translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to
profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Company’s interests in subsidiaries and associates.


Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, and short-term, highly liquid
investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of
change in value.


Goodwill

      Goodwill represents the excess of:
      (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
             interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
             acquiree; over
      (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition
             date.
     When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on
a bargain purchase.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

234
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Goodwill (Continued)

     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition
of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination,
which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and
not larger than an operating segment.
      A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition
in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than
the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss.
     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the
determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal.
     The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of associates is described below.


Interests in associates

     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint
control over those policies.
     The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial
statements using the equity method of accounting, unless it is classified as held for sale. The financial
statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies
as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
      Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognized in the consolidated
statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the profit
or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate
exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form
part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognizing its share of further
losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
      An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the
investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee
is recognized as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the
Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
reassessment, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.




                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               235
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Interests in associates (Continued)

     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
impaired. When any objective evidence exist, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment as a single asset by comparing its
recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount.
Any impairment loss recognized forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that
impairment loss is recognized in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
investment subsequently increases.
      Upon disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interest in an associate in which the Group lost
significant influence and discontinued the use of equity method, any retained interest that is within the scope
of IFRS 9 is measured at fair value on that date, the difference between the carrying amount of the associate
at the date, and the proceeds from disposing of such interest (or partial interest) in the associate and the fair
value of the retained interest is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate.
In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognized in their comprehensive income in
relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the
related asset or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income
by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the
Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss.
     When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity
method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been
recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss
would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.
     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group (such as a sale or contribution of
assets), profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate are recognized in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the
Group.
     When an investment in an associate is held by, or is held indirectly through, a group entity that is
a venture capital organization and similar entities, the Group may elect to measure investments in those
associates at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9.


Property and equipment and other non-current assets

     Property and equipment including buildings, motor vehicles, electronic and communication equipment
and others, and other non-current assets including leasehold improvement and deferred expenses for use in
the supply of services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress) are stated in the
consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation/amortization
and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.
     Depreciation/amortization is recognized so as to write off their costs, other than construction in
progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using straight-line method. The estimated
useful lives, residual values and depreciation/amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting
period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

236
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Property and equipment and other non-current assets (Continued)

      Construction in progress is carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include
professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s
accounting policy. Such properties are classified to the appropriate categories when completed and ready
for intended use. Depreciation/amortization of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.
     An item of property and equipment and other non-current assets is derecognized upon disposal or when
no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising
on the disposal or retirement is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.
     If an item of property and equipment becomes an investment property because its use has changed as
evidenced by end of owner-occupation, the cost and accumulated depreciation of that item at the date of
transfer are transferred to investment property for subsequent measurement and disclosure purposes.
     The estimated residual value rates and useful lives of each class of property and equipment and other
non-current assets are as follows:

                                                                                  Estimated
                                                                              residual value
       Classes                                                                         rates       Useful lives

       Leasehold land and buildings                                                     5%          30-50 years

       Motor vehicles                                                                   5%              5 years

       Electronic and communication equipment                                           5%              5 years

       Office equipment                                                                 5%              5 years




                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            237
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Intangible assets

(i)    Intangible assets acquired separately

      Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortization for intangible assets with finite useful
lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and
amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimates being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are
acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses (see the accounting
policy in respect of impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill below).
       The estimated useful lives of each class of intangible assets with finite useful life are as follows:

         Classes                                                                                     Useful lives

         Trading rights                                                                                  10 years

         Others                                                                                            5 years



(ii)   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

     The intangible assets acquired in the business combination shall be separately recognized from the
goodwill, and shall be initially recognized based on the fair value at the acquisition date (as the cost of the
intangible assets).
     After the initial recognition, the intangible assets with limited useful lives obtained in the business
combination shall be presented on the same basis as the intangible assets obtained separately, and shall be
presented according to the cost minus accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives obtained in a business combination are stated at cost less any
subsequent accumulated impairment losses. (Please refer to the accounting policy related to the impairment
on non-financial assets other than goodwill below).
      An intangible asset is derecognized when it is disposed of or it is expected that its use or disposal will
no longer generate future economic benefits. The gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible
asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset,
and are recognized in profit or loss on derecognition of the asset.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

238
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and
equipment, right-of-use assets, investment property, intangible assets with finite useful lives, and other non-
current assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss.
If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent
of the impairment loss, if any. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated
to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating
units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever
there is an indication that they may be impaired.
      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
      Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-
generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment
loss been recognized for the asset (or the cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss
is recognized immediately in profit or loss.


Leases

(i)   Definition of a lease

      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application or arising from business
combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS
16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed
unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.




                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               239
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee

Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of
the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease
components.
     Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone
prices.
      As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the financial statements would not differ materially from
individual leases within the portfolio.


Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of buildings that have a lease
term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies
the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets.
      Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease term.


Right-of-use assets

       The cost of right-of-use assets includes:
       •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
       •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
       •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
       •    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
            restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required
            by the terms and conditions of the lease.
     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities resulting from
Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.
      Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
leased assets at the end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful
life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
useful life and the lease term.
     The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property as a
separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

240
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee (Continued)

Lease liabilities

     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the
present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate
implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
       The lease payments include:
       •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
       •    variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
            at the commencement date;
       •    amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees;
       •    the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group; and
       •    payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
            an option to terminate the lease.
       After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.
     The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
assets) whenever:
       •    the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option,
            in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
            using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
       •    the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review
            or expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
            remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.
      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
position.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            241
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee (Continued)

Lease modifications

    Except for Coivd-19-related rent concession in which the Group applied the practice expedient, the
Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:
       •   the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
           assets; and
       •   the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
           for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
           circumstances of the particular contract.
       For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using
a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


(iii) The Group as lessors

Classification and measurement of leases

      Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms
of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as receivables at commencement date
at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective
leases. Initial direct costs are included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest
income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net
investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
     Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term
of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to
the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term.


Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate
consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from
lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

242
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Borrowing costs

      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use
or sale.
     If the construction of qualifying assets have been suspended under abnormal circumstances, the
corresponding capitalization of the borrowing cost should be suspended accordingly.
      All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


Government grants

     Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
      Government grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire non-current assets are recognized as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial
position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
assets.
      Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under
“other income and gains or losses”.


Employee benefits

(i)   Salaries and allowances

      Salaries and allowances are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
is provided. A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-
sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past
service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.




                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                             243
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Employee benefits (Continued)

(ii)   Contributions to retirement benefits scheme

      The Group participates in Central Provident Fund Scheme for its employees in the PRC organized by the
municipal governments of the relevant provinces. The Group also participates in the Mandatory Provident
Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) for its employees in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund
Scheme Ordinance. The Group also sets up annuity scheme for qualified employees. Annuity contributions are
accrued based on a certain percentage of the participants’ total salary when employees have rendered service
entitling them to the contributions. The contribution is recognized in profit or loss.


(iii) Other social welfare

     Social welfare expenditure refers to payments for employees’ social welfare system established by
the government of the PRC, including social pension insurance, health care insurance, housing funds and
other social welfare contributions. The Group contributes on a regular basis to these funds based on certain
percentage of the employees’ salaries and the contributions are recognized in profit or loss for the period
when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. The Group’s liabilities in respect of
these funds are limited to the contribution payables in the reporting period.


(iv) Other long-term employee benefits

     The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in respect of their services in the current and prior
periods.


Taxation

     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payables and deferred tax. Current tax and
deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or
items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.


(i)    Current tax

      Current tax is the expected tax payables or receivable on the taxable profit or loss for the year, using tax
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payables in respect of
previous years.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

244
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Taxation (Continued)

(ii)   Deferred tax

      Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
       Deferred tax is not recognized for:
       •    temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not
            a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
       •    temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries and associates to the extent that the
            Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
            that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
       •    taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
      The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which
the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets
and liabilities.
     Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when
they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
liabilities and assets, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority and the Group intend to
settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis.
     A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.


(iii) Income tax offsetting

      When the Group has a legal right to settle on a net basis and intends either to settle on a net basis or to
realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset
and presented on a net basis.
       When the Group has a legal right to settle current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, and deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax assets and liabilities
on a net basis or to realize the assets and liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant
amounts of deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be reversed, deferred tax assets and deferred tax
liabilities are offset and presented on a net basis.




                                                                                                   2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 245
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments

      A financial instrument is defined as any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and
a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.


(i)    Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

    A financial asset or financial liability is recognized in the statements of financial position when the Group
becomes a party to the contractual provisions of a financial instrument.
      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its retained interest in the
asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial asset
and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.
     The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
derecognized and the consideration paid and payables is recognized in profit or loss.
     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying
amount of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual
cash flows discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees
incurred are adjusted to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortized over the
remaining term. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognized in profit or loss
at the date of modification.


(ii)   Classification of financial assets

     The Group classifies financial assets as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through
other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss on the basis of both the Group’s business
model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets.
       A financial asset shall be measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:
       •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in
            order to collect contractual cash flows; and
       •    the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
     A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if both of the
following conditions are met:
       •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
            collecting contractual cash flows; and
       •    the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

246
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(ii)   Classification of financial assets (Continued)

      A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through profit or loss unless it is measured at amortized
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as stated above. However the Group may make
an irrevocable election at initial recognition for particular investments in equity instruments that would
otherwise be measured at fair value through profit or loss to present subsequent changes in fair value in
other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
recognized by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.
       A financial asset is held for trading if:
       •    it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
       •    on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
            manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
       •    it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.
     At initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset as measured at fair value
through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


(iii) Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Classification as debt or equity

     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


Financial liabilities

       The Group classifies all financial liabilities as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for:
       •    financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Such liabilities, including derivatives that are
            liabilities, shall be subsequently measured at fair value.
       •    financial liabilities that arise when a transfer of a financial asset does not qualify for derecognition
            or when the continuing involvement approach applies.
       •    Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments which bear interest lower than the prevailing
            market rates that are not within the scope of the above.


Equity instruments

      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
received, net of direct issue costs.
      Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other
financial assets or the Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption of
principal amount indefinitely are classified as equity instruments.


                                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  247
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(iv) Embedded derivatives

    An embedded derivative is a component of a hybrid contract that also includes a non-derivative host. An
embedded derivative and its host contract form a hybrid contract.
     If a hybrid contract contains a host that is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group shall not
separate an embedded derivative from the host, but shall apply the requirements of IFRS 9 to the entire hybrid
contract.


(v)   Reclassification of financial instruments

      When, and only when, the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets it shall
reclassify all affected financial assets. The Group shall not reclassify any financial liability.
      If the Group reclassifies financial assets, it shall apply the reclassification prospectively from the
reclassification date. The Group shall not restate any previously recognized gains, losses (including impairment
gains or losses) or interest.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the amortized cost measurement category and
           into the fair value through profit or loss measurement category, its fair value is measured at the
           reclassification date. Any gain or loss arising from a difference between the previous amortized cost
           of the financial asset and fair value is recognized in profit or loss.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the amortized cost measurement category and
           into the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, its fair value
           is measured at the reclassification date. Any gain or loss arising from a difference between the
           previous amortized cost of the financial asset and fair value is recognized in other comprehensive
           income. The effective interest rate and the measurement of expected credit losses are not adjusted
           as a result of the reclassification.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through other comprehensive income
           measurement category and into the amortized cost measurement category, the financial asset
           is reclassified at its fair value at the reclassification date. However, the cumulative gain or loss
           previously recognized in other comprehensive income is removed from equity and adjusted against
           the fair value of the financial asset at the reclassification date. As a result, the financial asset is
           measured at the reclassification date as if it had always been measured at amortized cost. The
           effective interest rate and the measurement of expected credit losses are not adjusted as a result of
           the reclassification.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through other comprehensive income
           measurement category and into the fair value through profit or loss measurement category, the
           financial asset continues to be measured at fair value. The cumulative gain or loss previously
           recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss at the
           reclassification date.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

248
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(v)   Reclassification of financial instruments (Continued)

      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss measurement
           category and into the amortized cost measurement category, its fair value at the reclassification
           date becomes its new gross carrying amount.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss measurement
           category and into the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, the
           financial asset continues to be measured at fair value.
     When reclassifying the financial assets, the Group determines effective interest rate based on the fair
value of the financial assets at the reclassification date.


(vi) Measurement of financial instruments

      The Group initially recognizes a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value. Fair value is the
transaction price of a financial asset or financial liability. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
     After initial recognition, the Group subsequently measure a financial asset at amortized cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss.
     After initial recognition, the Group subsequently measure a financial liability at amortized cost or fair
value through profit or loss.
     Interest income is calculated by using the effective interest method. Interest income is recognized by
applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of financial assets, except the follows:
     For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the interest income is recognized by
applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the financial asset from initial
recognition.
      For financial assets that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired but become credit-impaired
financial assets subsequently, the interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the
amortized cost of financial assets. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so
that it is no longer credit-impaired and the improvement in the credit quality is related objectively to a certain
event occurring after the application of rules mentioned above, such as the credit rating of the borrower
is increased, then the interest income will be recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
carrying amount of the financial asset.




                                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  249
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(vii) Impairment of financial instruments

      The Group recognize a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) for the following items:
      •    financial assets that are measured at amortized cost or debt instruments measured at fair value
           through other comprehensive;
      •    lease receivables;
      •    contract assets;
      •    loan commitments that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.
     ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (ie the present value of all cash shortfalls) over the
expected life of the financial instrument.
       The Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since
initial recognition at the reporting date and recognizes the loss allowance for expected credit loss and its
movement.
      •    The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
           lifetime ECL if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
           recognition. An impairment loss (gain) is recognized in profit or loss for the amount of ECL (or
           reversal) needed to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the required amount.
      •    The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for accounts receivable recognized under IFRS 15.
           The ECL is assessed individually for debtors with significant balances and/or collectively using a
           provision matrix with aging groupings.
      •    Except for accounts receivable recognized under IFRS 15, the Group measure the loss allowance for
           a financial instrument at an amount equal to the 12-month ECL if the credit risk on that financial
           instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition. An impairment loss (gain) is
           recognized in profit or loss for the amount of ECL (or reversal) needed to adjust the loss allowance
           at the reporting date to the required amount.
     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
impaired includes observable data about the following events:
      •    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or borrower;
      •    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
      •    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
           financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
           otherwise consider;
      •    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization;
      •    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or
      •    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
           losses.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

250
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(viii) Profit of loss

      A gain or loss on a financial asset or financial liability that is measured at fair value shall be recognized
in profit or loss unless:
     •     it is a non-held for trading investment in an equity instrument that is designated as at fair value
           through other comprehensive income based on “3. Financial Instruments (ii) Classification of
           financial assets”. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously
           recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a
           reclassification adjustment;
     •     it is a financial liability designated as at fair value through profit or loss and the entity is required
           to present the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income and
           other changes in the fair value of the financial liabilities are included in the profit and loss. When
           the financial liability is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other
           comprehensive income is reclassified to retained earnings as a reclassification adjustment;
     •     it is a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income based on “3.
           Financial Instruments (ii) Classification of financial assets” and the entity is required to recognize
           fair value changes in other comprehensive income except for impairment gains or losses and
           foreign exchange gains and losses. Interest calculated using the effective interest method is
           recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss
           previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss as
           a reclassification adjustment.
     A gain or loss on a financial asset that is measured at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging is
recognized in profit or loss when the financial asset is derecognized, reclassified, during the amortization
process or in order to recognize impairment or losses. A gain or loss on a financial liability that is measured
at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging is recognized in profit or loss when the financial liability is
derecognized and through the amortization process.


(ix) Estimation of fair value

     If there is a principal market for the asset or liability, the fair value measurement represents the price in
that market.
     If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair
value. Valuation techniques include market approach, income approach and cost approach. Unobservable
inputs are acceptable in valuation technique only when observable inputs are not available.
     The fair value of a liability reflects the effect of non-performance risk. Non-performance risk includes,
but may not be limited to, an entity’s own credit risk. Non-performance risk is assumed to be the same before
and after the transfer of the liability.




                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              251
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(x)   Transfer and derecognize of financial assets

      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
the asset to another entity.
      On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between:
      •    the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition) and
      •    the consideration received and the related fair value change previously recognized in other
           comprehensive income are recognized in profit or loss.
      If a part of a financial asset is transferred and the part transferred qualifies for derecognition in its
entirety, the previous carrying amount of the larger financial asset shall be allocated between the part that
continues to be recognized and the part that is derecognized, on the basis of the relative fair values of those
parts on the date of the transfer. The difference between:
      •    the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition) allocated to the part derecognized
           and
      •    the consideration received for the part derecognized and the related fair value change previously
           recognized in other comprehensive income are recognized in profit or loss.
       If a transfer does not result in derecognition because the Group has retained substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of the transferred asset, the entity shall continue to recognize the transferred asset
in its entirety and shall recognize a financial liability for the consideration received.
     For continuing involvement in transfer of financial assets, the group continues to recognise the
transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement and an associated liability


(xi) Derivative financial instruments

      Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value at the date a derivative contract is
entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value of these derivative financial
instruments other than those designed as hedging instrument are recognized in profit or loss.
      All derivatives are recognized as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value
is negative.
     Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices in active market or are determined using valuation
techniques, including discounted cash flow model and options pricing model as appropriate.


(xii) Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statements of
financial position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and
the transactions are intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realizing the asset and settling the liability
simultaneously.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

252
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers

     The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.
      An entity shall account for a contract with a customer that is within the scope of this Standard only when
all of the following criteria are met:
     •    the parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally or in accordance with
          other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations;
     •    the entity can identify each party’s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred;
     •    the entity can identify the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred;
     •    the contract has commercial substance (i.e. the risk, timing or amount of the entity’s future cash
          flows is expected to change as a result of the contract); and
     •    it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange
          for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer.
      When a contract with a customer does not meet the criteria stated above and an entity receives
consideration from the customer, the entity shall recognize the consideration received as revenue only when
either of the following events has occurred: the entity has no remaining obligations to transfer goods or
services to the customer and all, or substantially all, of the consideration promised by the customer has been
received by the entity and is non-refundable, otherwise the consideration received from a customer should be
considered as a contract liability.
     Revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
          performance as the Group performs;
     •    the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
          performs; or
     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
          Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           253
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
good or service. The Group shall consider indicators of the transfer of control, which include, but are not
limited to, the following:
      •    The Group has a present right to payment for the asset and a customer is presently obliged to pay
           for an asset.
      •    The group has transferred the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset and the
           customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset.
      •    The group has transferred the legal title of the asset and the customer has legal title of the asset.
      •    The Group has transferred physical possession of the asset and the customer has obtained physical
           possession of an asset.
      •    The customer has accepted the good for service.
      •    Other indicators of the transfer of control of the good or service to the customer.
    For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending
on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future
when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
     At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully
the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the
reporting period.
       When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself
(i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e.
the Group is an agent).
     The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
transferred to a customer.
      The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it
recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

254
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

       Details of the recognition criteria of major types of revenue of the Group are as follows:


(i)    Fee and commission income

       •    Brokerage commission income is recognized at a point in time on a trade date basis at a certain
            percentage of the transaction value of the trades executed.
       •    Handling and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognized at a point in
            time when the related services are rendered.
       •    Commission income of the agency custody of securities business is recognized over time as the
            customers simultaneously receive benefits provided by the Group.
       •    Underwriting and sponsoring fees are recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under
            the underwriting and sponsoring contract.
       •    Asset and fund management fee income is recognized as a performance obligation satisfied over
            time as the customers simultaneously receive benefits provided by the Group.
       •    Depending on the nature of the services and the contract terms, financial advisory are recognised in
            profit or loss over time using a method that depicts the Group’s performance, or at a point in time
            when the service is completed.


(ii)   Interest income

    Interest income from a financial asset is recognised on a accrual basis using the effective interest
method.


(iii) Other income

     Other income is recognized when contracts are due for settlement or services are provided. It mainly
comes from the bulk commodities trading of the Group’s commodities trading subsidiaries. The revenue is
recognized at a point in time when the Group fulfills its performance obligations in the contract and the
customer obtains the control of relevant bulk commodity goods.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           255
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Provision

     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and the amount of the
obligation can be reliably measured.
     The amount recognized as provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
present obligation at the end of each reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time
value of money is material).
      When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
from a third party, a receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be
received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.


Segment reporting

      Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the
structure of the Group’s internal organization, management requirements and internal reporting system. Each
of the Group’s operating segments represents a strategic business unit that offers services which are subject
to risks and returns that are different from the other operating segments.
      Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments
have same or similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and
service, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services,
the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
environment. Financial performance is regularly reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions
about resource to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which consolidated
financial statements regarding financial position, financial performance and cash flows is available.
     Inter segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for
segment reporting, and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial
statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

256
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Related parties

      If a party has the power to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence over another party, or
vice versa, or where the Group and one or more parties are subject to common control or joint control from
another party, they are considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals or enterprises.
Enterprises with which the Group is under common control only from the State and that have no other related
party relationships are not regarded as related parties of the Group. Related parties of the Group include, but
are not limited to:
     •     the Company’s parent/ultimate controlling company;
     •     the Company’s subsidiaries;
     •     enterprises that are controlled by the Company’s parent;
     •     investors that have joint control or exercise significant influence over the Group;
     •     enterprises if a party has control or joint control over both the enterprises and the Group;
     •     joint ventures of the Group, including subsidiaries of joint ventures;
     •     associates of the Group, including subsidiaries of associates;
     •     principal individual investors of the Group and close family members of such individuals;
     •     key management personnel of the Group and close family members of such individuals;
     •     key management personnel of the Company’s parent;
     •     close family members of key management personnel of the Company’s parent;
     •     other enterprises that are controlled or jointly controlled by the principal individual investors, key
           management personnel of the Group, and close family members of such individuals; and
     •     a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of the Group, or of any entity that is
           a related party of the Group.




                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                             257
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY

      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
from these estimates.
      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


Critical judgments in applying accounting policies

      The followings are the critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have
the most significant effect on the amounts recognized and disclosures made in the consolidated financial
statements.


Determination of consolidation scope

      All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group,
as an investor and/or as an investment manager, controls the investee. The principle of control sets out the
following three elements of control: (a) power over the investee; (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns
from involvement with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of
the investor’s returns. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
      For collective asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnerships where the Group
involves as manager and also as investor, the Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds
together with its remuneration and credit enhancement creates exposure to variability of returns from the
activities of the collective asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnerships that is of
such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal. The collective asset management schemes,
investment funds and limited partnerships are consolidated if the Group has control.


Classification of financial assets

     The classification and measurement of financial assets depend on contractual cash flow test and business
model test. The Group will consider all the relevant evidences in the business model test, including the way
the performance of financial assets are evaluated and reported to the key management, the risk affected
the performance of financial asset and how the risk are managed, as well as how the management are paid.
The Group also needs to judge whether the contractual cash flow generated by financial assets is only the
payment of the principal and interest based on the principal outstanding.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

258
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.


Measurement of ECL

Significant increase in credit risk and impairment

      In assessing the measurement of expected credit losses (“ECLs”) of financial assets, the group judges
whether or not the credit risk of the relevant financial instruments has increased significantly since the initial
recognition and whether a credit impairment occurs. During the judgement process, both quantitative and
qualitative information is also taken into consideration, including forward-looking information.


Establishment of assets group with similar risk characteristics

      When the expected credit loss is measured on group basis, the financial instruments are grouped by
similar characteristics of risk. The Group continuously assesses whether these financial instruments continue
to maintain similar credit risk characteristics, so as to ensure that once the characteristics of credit risk
change, the financial instruments will be appropriately reclassified. This may result in new assets group
or reclassification of assets to certain existing assets group, so as to better reflect the similar credit risk
characteristics of which category of assets.


Use of model and assumption

      The Group adopts different models and assumptions to assess the fair value and expected credit loss
of financial assets. The Group determines the applicable model for each category of financial assets using
judgment so as to determine the assumptions used by such models, including assumptions relating to the key
drivers of credit risk.


Forward-looking information

     In assessing the expected credit loss, the Group used reasonable forward-looking information. Such
information is based on the assumption of future trend of different economic driving factors, and the
assumption of how these economic driving factors affect each other.


Probability of default

     The probability is key input of expected credit risk. The probability of default is the estimates of
possibility of default in certain period of time. The calculation involves historical information, assumption and
expectation of future conditions.

                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            259
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

Measurement of ECL (Continued)

Loss given default

     Loss given default is the estimate of loss arising from default. It is based on the difference between
contractual cash flows and the cash flows expected to be received by the borrower, and also considered the
cash flows from pledge assets and overall credit enhancement.
      Details of above significant judgment and estimation on ECL are set out in note 62(2) and note 63.


Fair value of financial instruments

     The Group uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of financial instruments which are not
quoted in an active market. These valuation techniques use observable inputs and data of the market. When
the market observable inputs are not available, the Group make estimate on the significant unobservable
inputs and data. Details of fair value measurement are set out in note 63.


Income taxes and deferred tax assets

     There are certain transactions and activities for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during
the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts
that were initially estimated, such differences will impact the current income tax and deferred income tax in
the period during which such a determination is made.
    The realization of a deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable
temporary differences will be available in the future.
      In cases where it becomes probable that sufficient profits or taxable temporary differences are expected
to be generated, deferred tax assets would be recognized in profit or loss in that period. On the contrary, if
sufficient profits or taxable temporary differences are not expected to be generated, deferred tax assets would
be reversed in profit or loss in that period. Details of the tax losses and deductible temporary differences are
disclosed in note 27 to consolidated financial statements. As those deferred tax assets can only be recognized
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax
credits can be utilized, management’s judgment is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits.
Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognized if it
becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

260
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5.   TAXATION

     The Group’s main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

           Tax type                                    Tax basis                                        Tax rates

           Enterprise income tax (“EIT”) (i)           Based on taxable profits                     25%, 20%(ii),
                                                                                                 16.5%(iii), 15%(iv)

           Value added tax (“VAT”)                     The output VAT is calculated                     6%, 3%(v)
                                                       on the basis of taxable income.
                                                       After deducting the input VAT
                                                       allowed to be deducted in the
                                                       current period, the difference is
                                                       the VAT payable.

           City maintenance and construction tax       Based on value added tax accrued                        7%

           Education surcharge                         Based on value added tax accrued                        3%

           Local education surcharge                   Based on value added tax accrued                        2%

     (i)      In accordance with the announcement of the State Administration of Taxation concerning the
              collection of EIT for cross regional operation (No. 57 of the State Administration of Taxation in
              2012). The Company adopts the regulations of “integrated calculation, hierarchical management,
              advance payments in regions where the entities operate, centralization of final settlements and
              transfers between central and local authorities” for payments of EIT.
     (ii)     According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China and relevant
              regulation on the implementation, and the Notice of the Ministry of Finance and the State
              Administration of Taxation on Implementing the Inclusive Tax Deduction and Exemption Policies for
              Micro and Small Enterprises (Cai Shui [2019] No. 13, hereinafter referred to as the “Notice”) and
              other regulations, during the period from January 1,2019 to December 31, 2021, for a small low-
              profit enterprise with an annual taxable income that is not more than RMB1 million, it will have
              its taxable income reduced by 25% and the applicable enterprise income tax rate will be 20%;
              and for an enterprise with an annual taxable income that is not less than RMB1 million nor more
              than RMB3 million, it will have its taxable income reduced by 50%, and the applicable enterprise
              income tax rate will be 20%. Seven subsidiaries of China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment
              Co., Ltd., which is the subsidiary of the Company, benefit from the above-mentioned preferential
              tax policies.
     (iii)    The Company’s subsidiary China Merchants Securities International Company Limited and its
              subsidiaries which are registered in Hong Kong shall pay Hong Kong Profits Tax. Under the two-
              tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will
              be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group
              entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime and will continue to be taxed at a
              flat rate of 16.5%.




                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               261
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5.    TAXATION (Continued)

      (iv)    According to the announcement of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation
              and National Development and Reform Commission on continuing the EIT Preferential Policies
              for the Development of Western China, from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2030, qualified
              companies are subject to a tax rate of 15%. The subsidiary of the Group incorporated in Ganzhou
              namely, Ganzhou China Merchants Zhiyuan No. 1 Fund Management Co., Ltd. is subject to the
              above-mentioned preferential tax policies.
      (v)     According to the Notice on finance, real estate development, education industry, etc. (Cai Shui
              [2016] No. 140), the supplementary notice on issues related to VAT of asset management products
              (Cai Shui [2017] No. 2) and the notice on issues related to VAT of asset management products (Cai
              Shui [2017] No. 56) issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation,
              the VAT taxable income accrued from the asset management product manager in the process of
              managing their products can temporarily apply a simple tax calculation method and pay the VAT at
              the rate of 3% commencing from January 1, 2018.


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION

(1)   Operating segments

     For management purposes, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately
according to the nature of their operations and the services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating
segments represents a strategic business unit that offers services which are subject to risks and returns
that are different from the other operating segments. Segment information is measured in accordance
with the accounting policies and measurement criteria adopted by each segment when reporting to the
board of directors, being the chief operating decision maker, which are consistent with the accounting and
measurement criteria in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The Group’s operating
segments are as follows:
      (i)     Wealth management and institutional business segment engages in the trading of stocks and
              futures contracts on behalf of clients. Moreover, the activities of providing margin financing,
              securities lending and selling financial products and other wealth management products are
              included in this segment;
      (ii)    Investment banking segment provides investment banking services to the Group’s institutional
              clients, including financial advisory, equity underwriting, debt underwriting and sponsorship;
      (iii)   Investment management segment primarily engages in assets management, investing advisory
              and deal execution services. Moreover, the investment income from private equity investment
              management are included in this segment;
      (iv)    Investment and trading segment engages in trading equity securities, fixed-income securities,
              derivatives, other financial products, market maker service and alternative investment; and
      (v)     Others segment primarily includes head office operations, investment holding as well as interest
              income and interest expenses incurred for generating working capital for general operation.
     Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s business units separately for the purpose
of resource allocation and other operating decisions. Segment performance is measured consistently with
operating profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements except that income taxes are not allocated to
operating segments.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

262
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(1)   Operating segments (Continued)

     The operating and reportable segment information provided to the chief operating decision maker
(hereinafter refer as “CODM”) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                          Wealth
                                                    management
                                                             and
                                                    institutional   Investment      Investment     Investment
                                                        business       banking     management      and trading         Others     Elimination           Total

       For the year ended December 31, 2021

       Segment revenue and results

         Segment revenue                              20,650,534     2,610,454        1,746,405     10,840,752        288,409         (35,229)    36,101,325

         Segment other income and gains or losses         23,213           545          55,991             107      4,161,241              —        4,241,097

         Segment revenue and other income             20,673,747     2,610,999        1,802,396     10,840,859      4,449,650         (35,229)    40,342,422

         Segment expenses                            (13,829,404)    (1,133,501)       (546,435)     (7,372,978)    (5,391,737)       35,229      (28,238,826)

         Segment result                                6,844,343     1,477,498        1,255,961       3,467,881       (942,087)            —      12,103,596

         Share of results of associates                       —              —            1,740           2,897     1,595,620              —        1,600,257

         Profit before income tax                      6,844,343     1,477,498        1,257,701       3,470,778       653,533              —      13,703,853

       As at December 31, 2021

       Segment assets and liabilities

         Segment assets                             224,140,044      2,239,887       10,136,704    347,039,300     21,384,211      (7,719,018)   597,221,128

         Segment liabilities                        (167,423,698)    (2,071,599)     (3,764,729)   (302,617,600)   (16,472,069)    7,719,018     (484,630,677)

       For the year ended December 31, 2021

       Other segment information

       Amounts included in the measurement of
        segment profit or loss or segment assets:

         Interest income                               9,009,411             —          73,187        2,006,457       288,409         (35,229)    11,342,235

         Interest expenses                            (4,190,729)       (87,959)        (50,239)     (5,341,853)       (14,021)       35,229       (9,649,572)

         Capital expenditure                            (214,954)       (18,572)        (18,055)        (15,882)      (145,296)            —         (412,759)

         Depreciation and amortization                  (371,628)       (52,411)        (13,656)        (27,935)      (179,977)            —         (645,607)

         Impairment losses, net of reversal             (247,331)            —          (98,528)        (27,202)        (3,318)            —         (376,379)




                                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                        263
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(1)   Operating segments (Continued)

                                                           Wealth
                                                     management
                                                              and
                                                     institutional   Investment     Investment     Investment
                                                         business       banking    management      and trading         Others     Elimination           Total

        For the year ended December 31, 2020

        Segment revenue and results

          Segment revenue                              16,764,078     2,205,580       1,586,255       8,463,977       327,005         (48,639)    29,298,256

          Segment other income and gains or losses         13,583          181            2,817               1     3,154,478              —        3,171,060

          Segment revenue and other income             16,777,661     2,205,761       1,589,072       8,463,978     3,481,483         (48,639)    32,469,316

          Segment expenses                            (11,125,551)   (1,024,669)       (462,933)     (5,638,679)    (3,999,892)       48,639      (22,203,085)

          Segment result                                5,652,110     1,181,092       1,126,139       2,825,299       (518,409)            —      10,266,231

          Share of results of associates                       —             —            1,080         23,420      1,018,138              —        1,042,638

          Profit before income tax                      5,652,110     1,181,092       1,127,219       2,848,719       499,729              —      11,308,869

        As at December 31, 2020

        Segment assets and liabilities

          Segment assets                             200,419,102      2,040,296      11,861,871    269,177,708     24,148,203      (7,920,501)   499,726,679

          Segment liabilities                        (145,020,219)   (2,446,707)     (5,440,336)   (231,330,767)   (17,584,438)    7,920,501     (393,901,966)

        For the year ended December 31, 2020

        Other segment information

        Amounts included in the measurement of
         segment profit or loss or segment assets:

          Interest income                               7,323,284            —          73,497        2,041,819       327,005         (48,639)      9,716,966

          Interest expenses                            (3,134,000)      (77,895)        (74,510)     (3,866,381)       (13,906)       48,639       (7,118,053)

          Capital expenditure                            (196,218)      (20,684)           (932)        (17,673)      (138,207)            —         (373,714)

          Depreciation and amortization                  (333,707)      (51,576)         (9,011)        (27,275)      (169,710)            —         (591,279)

          Impairment losses, net of reversal             (146,307)           —               —           (9,286)            —              —         (155,593)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

264
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(2)   Geographical segments

      The Group has two major geographical operation in the PRC, namely Mainland China and Outside
Mainland China, where the Group’s revenue are derived from and the Group’s assets are located. The
following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external
customers and (ii) the Group’s property and equipment, right-of-use assets, goodwill, other intangible
assets, interests in associates and other non-current assets (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical
location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided.
     The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on i) the physical location of the
asset or ii) the place of incorporation of the business units under which the goodwill is recorded.

                                                                                  Outside
                                                                 Mainland        Mainland
                                                                    China           China               Total

       For the year ended December 31, 2021

       Segment Revenue

         Revenue                                               34,292,474        1,808,851        36,101,325

         Other income and gains or losses, net                   4,236,033            5,064        4,241,097

                                                               38,528,507        1,813,915        40,342,422

       For the year ended December 31, 2020

       Segment Revenue

         Revenue                                               28,017,582        1,280,674        29,298,256

         Other income and gains or losses, net                   3,142,987           28,073        3,171,060

                                                               31,160,569        1,308,747        32,469,316



Specified non-current assets


                                                                                  Outside
                                                                 Mainland        Mainland
                                                                    China           China               Total

       As at December 31, 2021

       Specified non-current assets                            13,380,630          184,699        13,565,329

       As at December 31, 2020

       Specified non-current assets                            13,645,731          180,389        13,826,120




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           265
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(3)   Information about major customers

     No customer for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 contributed over 10% to the total
revenue of the Group.


7.    FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME

                                                                                Year ended December 31,

                                                                                     2021          2020

        Securities and futures brokerage business                               10,668,498     8,752,903

        Underwriting and sponsorship business                                    2,450,094     2,003,405

        Asset management and fund management business                            1,046,033     1,147,164

        Financial advisory business                                                167,043      206,713

        Investment advisory business                                               972,627      687,892

                                                                                15,304,295   12,798,077



8.    INTEREST INCOME

                                                                                Year ended December 31,

                                                                                     2021          2020

        Advances to customers and securities lending                             6,233,534     4,640,314

        Exchanges and financial institutions balances,
          deposits and clearing settlement funds                                 2,004,027     1,761,085

        Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          (“FVTOCI”)                                                             1,460,827     1,587,377

        Financial assets held under securities back-lending resale agreements    1,141,805     1,298,369

        Other financial assets held under resale agreements                        431,834      338,262

        Debt instruments at amortized cost                                          70,208       91,559

                                                                                11,342,235     9,716,966




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

266
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9.   INVESTMENT GAINS OR LOSSES, NET

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2021              2020

           Dividend and interest income from financial assets at FVTPL               5,943,362         4,462,834

           Net gains from financial assets at FVTPL                                  4,828,781         4,170,690

           Dividend from financial assets at FVTOCI                                    426,075                  —

           Net gains on disposal of interests in an associate                          134,216                  —

           Net (losses) gains from disposals of debt instruments measured at
             FVTOCI                                                                      (5,827)         316,546

           Net losses from derivative financial instruments                            (823,053)       (1,827,878)

           Net losses from financial liabilities at FVTPL                            (1,048,759)         (338,979)

                                                                                     9,454,795         6,783,213



10. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS OR LOSSES, NET

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2021              2020

           Income from commodity trading                                             4,008,036         3,000,410

           Government grants (i)                                                         82,297            29,564

           Refund from tax withholding and remittance                                    33,447            21,978

           Rental income                                                                 19,147            18,610

           Foreign exchange gains, net                                                   12,136            17,803

           Others                                                                        86,034            82,695

                                                                                     4,241,097         3,171,060

     (i)      Government grants represent the unconditional grants received by the Group from local government and
              are used for supporting the business at specific locations.




                                                                                                  2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               267
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,

                                                                                              2021             2020

            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           326,505           304,487

            Depreciation of property and equipment                                        191,380           175,350

            Amortization of other non-current assets                                      122,855           110,365

            Amortization of other intangible assets                                          4,867            1,077

                                                                                          645,607           591,279



12. STAFF COSTS

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,

                                                                                              2021             2020

            Salaries, bonus and allowances                                              7,217,754         6,695,992

            Contributions to retirement benefits(i)                                       505,550           312,261

            Other social welfare(ii)                                                      382,201           297,774

            Others                                                                        210,251           192,081

                                                                                        8,315,756         7,498,108

      (i)      The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed retirement benefits plans,
               which are operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. According to the relevant
               regulations, retirement benefit contributions borne by the Group are calculated and paid to the relevant
               labour and social welfare authorities on a regular basis. These retirement benefits plans are defined
               contribution plans and contributions to the plans are expensed as incurred. In addition to the above
               retirement benefits plans, the Group also provides annuity schemes for certain qualified employees in
               the PRC. The employees’ and the Group’s contributions for the annuity schemes are calculated based
               on certain percentage of employees’ salaries and recognized in profit or loss as expense. These annuity
               schemes are defined contribution plans.
               The Group also operates MPF schemes for all qualified employees in Hong Kong. The Group contributes
               certain percentage of relevant payroll costs to the schemes, and contributions of the same amounts are
               made by employees but are subject to maximum for individual employees. The assets of the scheme are
               held separately from those of the Group, and in funds under the control of trustees.
      (ii)     The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed social welfare plans,
               including social pension insurance, health care insurance, housing funds and other social welfare
               contributions, which are operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. These social
               welfare plans are recognized as expense as incurred.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

268
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


13. FEE AND COMMISSION EXPENSES

                                                                            Year ended December 31,

                                                                                   2021              2020

    Securities and futures brokerage business                                2,752,580         2,033,171

    Underwriting and sponsorship business                                        62,183            57,734

    Financial advisory business                                                  12,842             6,507

    Asset management and fund management business                                 7,455             3,822

    Investment advisory business                                                    210                  1

                                                                             2,835,270         2,101,235



14. INTEREST EXPENSES



                                                                            Year ended December 31,

                                                                                   2021              2020

    Bonds payables                                                           4,728,369         2,996,912

    Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                        2,607,276         2,153,245

    Short-term debt instruments                                              1,024,378           992,313

    Placements from banks and other financial institutions                     605,017           442,159

    Accounts payables to brokerage clients                                     300,554           250,798

    Borrowings                                                                 174,023           141,666

    Lease liabilities                                                            38,360            40,413

    Others                                                                     171,595           100,547

                                                                             9,649,572         7,118,053




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                       269
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


15. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,

                                                                                       2021          2020

            Cost of commodity trading                                              3,998,450     3,006,441

            Electronic equipment operation expenses                                  437,772      302,890

            Advertising and promotion expenses                                       429,080      305,518

            Stock exchange fees                                                      249,715      147,826

            Postal and communications expenses                                       177,528      192,730

            Business travel expenses                                                 114,771       91,698

            Securities and futures investor protection funds                         105,263       90,674

            General and administrative expenses                                       83,688       75,527

            Rental and property management expenses(i)                                80,157       92,877

            Auditors’ remuneration                                                     3,795        3,710

            Others                                                                   566,100      288,434

                                                                                   6,246,319     4,598,325

      (i)      Expense relating to short-term leases is RMB11,396 thousand (Year ended December 31, 2020:
               RMB30,200 thousand).


16. IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF
    REVERSAL

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,

                                                                                       2021          2020

            Impairment loss on financial assets held under resale agreements
              (note 26)                                                              277,516      130,722

            Impairment loss on advances to customers (note 29)                        43,055       15,117

            Impairment loss on accounts and other receivables (note 30)               25,288        2,513

            Impairment loss (Reversal of) on debt instruments at amortized cost
              (note 25)                                                               23,505        (2,288)

            Impairment loss on debt instruments at FVTOCI (note 31)                    3,697        9,511

                                                                                     373,061      155,575




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

270
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAX EXPENSES

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,

                                                                                         2021              2020

       Current tax:

       — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                 1,937,596         2,371,429

       — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                       126,775             69,721

                                                                                   2,064,371         2,441,150

       Over provision in respect of prior years:

       — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                    (11,805)          (27,065)

       — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                         (1,356)           (2,517)

                                                                                      (13,161)          (29,582)

       Deferred taxation

       — Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 27)                   (5,165)         (606,566)

                                                                                   2,046,045         1,805,002

      The reconciliation between the income tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 25% and the effective tax
rate is as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,

                                                                                         2021              2020

       Profit before income tax                                                   13,703,853        11,308,869

       Tax at the income tax rate of 25%                                           3,425,963         2,827,217

       Tax effect of share of result of associates                                   (400,064)         (260,660)

       Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                           30,303            54,676

       Tax effect of income that are not taxable                                     (732,064)         (447,580)

       Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                  (73,036)          (41,159)

       Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                          3,004             3,688

       Utilization of deferred tax assets previously not recognized                    (1,107)         (103,106)

       Over provision in respect of prior years                                       (13,161)          (29,582)

       Others (i)                                                                    (193,793)         (198,492)

       Income tax expense for the year                                             2,046,045         1,805,002




                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                             271
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)

     As at December 31, 2021, the estimated unused tax losses for the Group’s subsidiaries were RMB62,128
thousand (December 31, 2020: RMB74,089 thousand), no deferred tax assets were recognized in relation
to such item in the consolidated statement of financial position due to the unpredictability of future profit
streams of the subsidiaries.
      Majority of the tax losses comes from the subsidiaries in Hong Kong and these losses can be carried
forward indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the respective companies in which the
losses arose. These estimated tax losses have no expiry dates but are subject to the approval of the Hong Kong
Inland Revenue Department.
      (i)   According to the announcement on corporate income tax policy of perpetual bonds (Announcement
            No. 64, 2019 of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation), when an enterprise
            issues perpetual bonds that meet specified conditions, the interest expense attributable to the current
            year of perpetual bonds paid by the issuer is allowed to be deducted for corporate income tax. According
            to the above provisions, the Company deducted interest expenses of perpetual bonds amounted to
            RMB802,090 thousand (2020: RMB802,090 thousand) in the current year when calculating its taxable
            income.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

272
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


18. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

     The calculation of basic earnings per share attributable to shareholders of the Company is as follows:

                                                                               Year ended December 31,

                                                                                       2021              2020

       Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share:

       Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company
         and holders of other equity instruments                                11,645,065         9,491,639

       Less: Profit attributable to holders of perpetual subordinated bonds        (802,090)         (802,090)

                                                                                10,842,975         8,689,549

       Number of shares:

       Number of issued shares on January 1 (in thousand)                        8,696,526         6,699,409

       Effect of treasury stocks (note 47)                                                —           (10,005)

       Effect of A share rights issue on July 20, 2020 (note 47)                          —        1,390,851

       Effect of H share rights issue on August 20, 2020 (note 47)                        —          132,579

       Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                8,696,526         8,212,834

       Earnings per share:

       Earnings per share (in RMB)                                                     1.25              1.06

     For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were no dilutive shares.
      On July 20, 2020 and August 20, 2020, the Company offered rights issues to its existing A share and
H share shareholders, respectively, at prices less than their fair values. Therefore, there were bonus elements
for these rights issues and the weighted average number of ordinary shares were adjusted accordingly for the
year of 2020.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           273
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


19. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                  Leasehold                     Electronic and
                                                   land and                    communication         Office    Construction
                                                   buildings Motor vehicles        equipment     equipment      in progress        Total

        Cost

        As at January 1, 2021                     1,329,857          60,464           945,547        58,539         39,146     2,433,553

        Additions                                        —               —            176,150        12,863         64,298      253,311

        Disposals                                        —               —           (159,478)       (6,493)             —      (165,971)

        Transfer                                         —               —              3,803            —          (72,053)     (68,250)

        Final account                               (52,677)             —                 —             —               —       (52,677)

        Exchange differences                             —              (33)           (1,910)         (975)           (491)      (3,409)

        As at December 31, 2021                   1,277,180          60,431           964,112        63,934         30,900     2,396,557

        Accumulated depreciation and impairment

        As at January 1, 2021                       278,700          48,303           524,635        34,886              —      886,524

        Charge for the year                          32,803           3,373           146,722         8,482              —      191,380

        Disposals                                        —               —           (154,272)       (5,229)             —      (159,501)

        Final account                                  (594)             —                 —             —               —          (594)

        Exchange differences                             —              (33)           (1,639)          (86)             —        (1,758)

        As at December 31, 2021                     310,909          51,643           515,446        38,053              —      916,051

        Carrying values

        As at December 31, 2021                     966,271           8,788           448,666        25,881         30,900     1,480,506




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

274
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


19. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                 Leasehold               Electronic and
                                                  land and       Motor communication           Office Construction in
                                                  buildings     vehicles    equipment      equipment        progress         Total

       Cost

       As at January 1, 2020                     1,329,857       61,902         820,955       61,037           66,585    2,340,336

       Additions                                        —         2,775         210,886        2,337           62,256     278,254

       Disposals                                        —        (4,137)        (80,777)       (2,576)             —       (87,490)

       Transfer                                         —            —               —             —          (88,203)     (88,203)

       Exchange differences                             —           (76)         (5,517)       (2,259)         (1,492)      (9,344)

       As at December 31, 2020                   1,329,857       60,464         945,547       58,539           39,146    2,433,553

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment

       As at January 1, 2020                       244,940       47,164         476,551       30,935               —      799,590

       Charge for the year                          33,760        5,140         129,282        7,168               —      175,350

       Disposals                                        —        (3,931)        (76,569)       (2,430)             —       (82,930)

       Exchange differences                             —           (70)         (4,629)        (787)              —        (5,486)

       As at December 31, 2020                     278,700       48,303         524,635       34,886               —      886,524

       Carrying values

       As at December 31, 2020                   1,051,157       12,161         420,912       23,653           39,146    1,547,029

     As at December 31, 2021, included in leasehold land and buildings were carrying values of RMB830,366
thousand (December 31, 2020: RMB904,177 thousand), for which the Group was in the progress to obtain
the relevant land and building certificates. The directors of the Company consider that this matter will not
have significant impact on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021.
     As the lease payments included in the Group’s leasehold land and buildings cannot be allocated reliably
between the land and buildings, the entire leases are classified as lease and accounted for as property and
equipment.




                                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                             275
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


20. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                Land and     Leasehold
                                                                buildings         land       Total

        Cost

        As at January 1, 2021                                   2,087,869      432,600   2,520,469

        Additions                                                559,067            —     559,067

        Disposals                                                (213,684)          —     (213,684)

        Exchange differences                                       (6,500)          —       (6,500)

        As at December 31, 2021                                 2,426,752      432,600   2,859,352

        Accumulated depreciation and impairment

        As at January 1, 2021                                    888,640        22,865    911,505

        Charge for the year                                      315,530        10,975    326,505

        Other additions                                           54,666            —      54,666

        Deductions                                                (73,340)          —      (73,340)

        Exchange differences                                       (3,635)          —       (3,635)

        As at December 31, 2021                                 1,181,861       33,840   1,215,701

        Carrying values

        As at December 31, 2021                                 1,244,891      398,760   1,643,651




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

276
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


20. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                Land and        Leasehold
                                                                buildings            land              Total

       Cost

       As at January 1, 2020                                    1,867,741          432,600        2,300,341

       Additions                                                  315,199                —          315,199

       Disposals                                                  (84,221)               —           (84,221)

       Exchange differences                                       (10,850)               —           (10,850)

       As at December 31, 2020                                  2,087,869          432,600        2,520,469

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment

       As at January 1, 2020                                      677,902           11,890          689,792

       Charge for the year                                        293,512           10,975          304,487

       Other additions                                               2,599               —             2,599

       Deductions                                                 (81,299)               —           (81,299)

       Exchange differences                                         (4,074)              —            (4,074)

       As at December 31, 2020                                    888,640           22,865          911,505

       Carrying values

       As at December 31, 2020                                  1,199,229          409,735        1,608,964

     The Group leases offices for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 12 months
to 15 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group
applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.
     For the year ended December 31, 2021, total cash outflow for leases amounted to RMB352,971
thousand (Year ended December 31, 2020: RMB358,678 thousand).
     As at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the lease agreements did not impose any covenants
other than the security interests in the leased assets that were held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be
used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          277
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


21. INTERESTS IN CONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

      Structured entities consolidated by the Group include the asset management schemes, limited
partnerships, trust products and investment funds where the Group involves as a manager or as an investor.
The Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds together with its remuneration creates
exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the structured entities to a level of such significance
that it indicates that the Group is a principal.
      As at December 31, 2021, the Group consolidated 48 (December 31, 2020: 15) structured entities. The
total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB20,539,335 thousand (December 31
2020: RMB7,964,224 thousand).
     The financial impact of these structured entities on the Group’s financial position as at December 31,
2021 and 2020, and the results and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, though
consolidated, are not significant and therefore not disclosed separately.


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2021             2020

        Cost of unlisted investments in associates                                 4,586,135        5,531,540

        Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income,
          net of dividends received                                                5,731,873        4,645,759

        Sub-total                                                                10,318,008        10,177,299

        Impairment loss                                                             (669,150)        (669,150)

                                                                                   9,648,858        9,508,149




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

278
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which are unlisted corporate
entities whose quoted market prices are not available. All of the above associates are accounted for using the
equity method in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                              Equity interest held
                                                                                 by the Group
                                                     Place and date of
                                                                                 December 31,
                                                     incorporation/
           Name of associates                        establishment               2021        2020    Principal activities

           Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd.         PRC/July 13, 1998           49%         49%     Fund management

           China Merchants Fund Management
                                                     PRC/December 27, 2002       45%         45%     Fund management
             Limited

           Guangdong Equity Exchange Center
                                                     PRC/July 6, 2018            12%         12%     Transaction settlement services
             Co., Ltd.(i)

           Hunan China Merchants Xiangjiang
                                                     PRC/March 13, 2008          40%         40%     Investment management
             Industry Management Co., Ltd.

           Qingdao Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ii)   PRC/September 21, 2015       N/A        30%     Investment management

           Twenty-first Century Technology
                                                     PRC/June 19, 2000           23%         23%     Investment holding
             Investment Co., Ltd.* (iii)

     *         English name translated is for identification purpose only.
     (i)       Guangdong Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd. was recognized as an associate as one of the ten directors
               of the company was appointed by the Group.
     (ii)      The Group has fully disposed Qingdao Asset Management Co., Ltd. during this period.
     (iii)     This associate has been undergoing liquidation, and impairment losses have been fully recognized and
               written off.




                                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                279
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    Summarized financial information of the Group’s material associates, and reconciled to the carrying
amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:
      Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                                                                                     As at December 31 and
                                                                                    year ended December 31,

                                                                                            2021             2020

        Total assets                                                                 10,849,149         8,859,227

        Total liabilities                                                            (3,714,036)       (3,098,397)

        Net assets                                                                    7,135,113         5,760,830

        Revenue                                                                       5,763,985         4,226,012

        Profit for the year                                                           1,778,698         1,247,026

        Other comprehensive expense                                                       (3,933)           (7,875)

        Total comprehensive income                                                    1,774,765         1,239,151

        Dividends declared by the associate attributable to the Group                   196,000           147,000

        Net assets of the associate attributable to the Group                         7,135,113         5,760,830

        The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                              3,496,205         2,822,808

        — Goodwill                                                                    3,425,523         3,425,523

        — Impairment loss recognized(iv)                                                (669,150)        (669,150)

        Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                      6,252,578         5,579,181

      (iv)   As at December 31, 2014, the Company had recognized an impairment loss amounted to RMB669,150
             thousand for the interests in Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. The recoverable amounts of
             RMB3,763,141 thousand had been determined by Vocational International (Beijing) Asset Appraisal
             Co., Ltd., a qualified valuer not related to the Group. The valuer determined the value-in-use by using
             cash flow projections which is based on a financial budget covering a five-year period approved by
             management. The pre-tax discount rates applied and growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flow
             projections is 10.78% and 9.2% respectively. The growth rates beyond the five-year period is nil for the
             forecast period. As at December 31, 2021, the Company reassessed the valuation of the investment and
             determined no further impairment is needed at the end of the year.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

280
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   China Merchants Fund Management Limited

                                                                               As at December 31 and
                                                                              year ended December 31,

                                                                                     2021              2020

    Total assets                                                              10,149,304         8,236,610

    Total liabilities                                                          (3,158,060)       (2,330,266)

    Net assets                                                                 6,991,244         5,906,344

    Revenue                                                                    5,231,916         3,235,132

    Profit for the year                                                        1,602,598           903,850

    Other comprehensive income (expense)                                           24,611            (8,421)

    Total comprehensive income                                                 1,627,209           895,429

    Dividends declared by the associate attributable to the Group                244,040           168,030

    Net assets of the associate attributable to the Group                      6,991,244         5,906,344

    The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                           3,146,060         2,657,855

    — Goodwill                                                                   199,545           199,545

     Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                  3,345,605         2,857,400

   Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:

                                                                               As at December 31 and
                                                                              year ended December 31,

                                                                                     2021              2020

    The Group’s share of profit for the year                                        7,762            24,863

    The Group’s share of other comprehensive income (expense)                      22,095           (22,095)

    The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                29,857             2,768

    Dividend declared by associates attributable to the Group                       2,240             8,902

    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests
     in these associates                                                           50,675        1,071,568




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         281
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


23. INTERESTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

     The Group is principally involved with structured entities through holding financial investments. These
structured entities generally purchase assets through raising funds from third party investors. The Group
determines whether or not to consolidate these structured entities depending on whether the Group has
control over them. The interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities are set out as
follows:


(1)   Structured entities sponsored by the Group

      Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group mainly include asset management schemes
and limited partnerships. The nature and aim of these structured entities is to manage investors’ assets
and collect management fees. Financing is sustained through investment products issued to investors. The
interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities mainly involve management fees and
performance fees collected by the Group.
    As at December 31, 2021, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the
Group amounted to RMB475,795,492 thousand (December 31, 2020: RMB567,078,160 thousand).
     The amount of fee income derived from these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the Group
are detailed in Note 7.


(2)   Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

     The types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but in which it holds an interest
include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued by banks
or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.
      The carrying amounts of the related accounts in the consolidated statement of financial position
represents the maximum exposure of losses to the Group for its interests in these unconsolidated structured
entities sponsored by third party institutions as at December 31, 2021 and 2020. They are listed as below:

                                                                               As at December 31, 2021

                                                                                 Financial
                                                                                 assets at
                                                                                fair value
                                                                                  through
                                                                             profit or loss           Total

        Funds                                                                  23,756,461       23,756,461

        Trust schemes                                                            3,495,651       3,495,651

        Wealth management products                                                 401,000         401,000

        Others(i)                                                              68,060,297       68,060,297

                                                                               95,713,409       95,713,409




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

282
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


23. INTERESTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES (Continued)

(2)   Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions (Continued)


                                                                                As at December 31, 2020

                                                                         Financial
                                                                         assets at         Financial
                                                                        fair value         assets at
                                                                    through other         fair value
                                                                   comprehensive            through
                                                                           income      profit or loss              Total

            Funds                                                               —        15,558,117           15,558,117

            Trust schemes                                                       —         2,173,209            2,173,209

            Wealth management products                                          —         1,161,356            1,161,356

            Others                                                      7,218,586        29,004,808           36,223,394

                                                                        7,218,586        47,897,490           55,116,076

      (i)      As at December 31, 2021, the Group’s FVTPL amounting to RMB34,756,981 thousand, derivative
               financial assets amounting to RMB176,488 thousand and derivative financial liabilities amounting to
               RMB1,573,335 thousand were arranged as a combination of contracts with an aim to lock in the gain or
               loss of these FVTPL.


24. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

                                                                                          As at December 31,

                                                                                               2021                2020

            Special account(i)                                                                    —          7,218,586

            Equity investments(ii)                                                      1,409,254              201,994

                                                                                        1,409,254            7,420,580

      (i)      Since the investment meets the condition in respect of designation of equity instruments measured at
               fair value through other comprehensive income as required by IFRS 9, the Company elected to designate
               this investment as FVTOCI.
      (ii)     The equity investments are only used by the Company for securities lending and the Company elected to
               designate these investments as FVTOCI. Due to the Company’s changes in strategy, the Group disposed
               of these investments in equity instruments, and a profit after tax arising from such disposals amounting
               to RMB22,508 thousand was reclassified from other comprehensive income to retained earnings.




                                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     283
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


25. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT AMORTIZED COST

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                   2021          2020

        Non-current

        Bonds                                                   164,590       922,061

        Less: Expected credit losses                                (84)         (672)

                                                                164,506       921,389

        Current

        Bonds                                                   977,320       818,463

        Less: Expected credit losses                            (24,200)         (462)

                                                                953,120       818,001



(2)   Movements of expected credit losses are as follows


                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                   2021          2020

        At the beginning of the year                              1,134         3,496

        Expected credit losses recognized                        23,505               —

        Reversal of expected credit losses                           —         (2,288)

        Exchange differences                                       (355)             (74)

        At the end of the year                                   24,284         1,134




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

284
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


25. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT AMORTIZED COST (Continued)

(2)   Movements of expected credit losses are as follows (Continued)


                                                                As at December 31, 2021

                                    12 months(stage 1)    Life time(stage 2)    Life time(stage 3)               Total

       Principal and interest               1,048,443               93,467                     —             1,141,910

       Expected credit losses                     660               23,624                     —               24,284

                                                                As at December 31, 2020

                                    12 months(stage 1)    Life time(stage 2)    Life time(stage 3)               Total

       Principal and interest               1,740,524                    —                     —             1,740,524

       Expected credit losses                   1,134                    —                     —                1,134

     During the year and the year ended December 31, 2021, there was no material transfer between the
stages of expected credit losses.




                                                                                                     2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  285
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS

(1)   Analyzed by collateral type and market of financial assets held under resale agreements


                                                                                           As at December 31,

                                                                                               2021             2020

            Non-current

            Analyzed by collateral type:

            Stocks (i)                                                                     665,863         1,364,550

            Analyzed by market:

            Stock exchanges                                                                665,863         1,364,550

            Less: Expected credit losses                                                          —            (2,518)

                                                                                           665,863         1,362,032

            Current

            Analyzed by collateral type:

            Stocks (i)                                                                  13,774,595       18,773,258

            Bonds                                                                       25,498,711       32,585,578

            Sub-total                                                                   39,273,306       51,358,836

            Analyzed by market:

            Stock exchanges                                                             18,422,481       35,905,586

            Interbank bond market                                                       20,850,825       15,453,250

            Sub-total                                                                   39,273,306       51,358,836

            Less: Expected credit losses                                                   (740,577)        (460,543)

                                                                                        38,532,729       50,898,293

      (i)       Financial assets (pledged by stocks) held under resale agreements and securities back-lending are resale
                agreements entered into by the Group with qualified investors with a commitment to purchasing the
                specified securities at a future date with an agreed price.
    As at December 31, 2021, the Group received collateral amounted to RMB78,449 million (December 31,
2020: RMB105,872 million) in connection with its reverse resale agreements and securities back-lending.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

286
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses are as follows


                                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                                  2021              2020

       At the beginning of the year                                                            463,061          332,339

       Expected credit losses recognized                                                       277,516          130,722

       At the end of the year                                                                  740,577          463,061

      Details of expected credit losses and the fair value of the collateral of the repurchase agreements related
to stocks are as follows:

                                                                  As at December 31, 2021

                                    12 months (stage 1)    Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)                 Total

       Principal and interest               13,157,522                     —                1,282,936           14,440,458

       Expected credit losses                   17,448                     —                 723,129               740,577

       Collateral                           47,768,310                     —                 888,916            48,657,226

                                                                  As at December 31, 2020

                                    12 months (stage 1)    Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)                 Total

       Principal and interest               19,366,030                30,035                 741,743            20,137,808

       Expected credit losses                   13,980                   601                 448,480               463,061

       Collateral                           68,477,672               155,100                 687,828            69,320,600




                                                                                                         2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      287
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

(3)   The following tables show reconciliation of loss allowances that has been recognized for
      financial assets held under resale agreements.


                                                                  Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                Stage 1     Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL
                                             12 months       (not credit-         (credit-
                                                    ECL         impaired)       impaired)      Total

        At January 1, 2021                       13,980             601          448,480     463,061

        Changes in the expected
          credit losses:

        — Transfer to Stage 1                         —               —                —          —

        — Transfer to Stage 2                         —               —                —          —

        — Transfer to Stage 3                     (4,269)             —            4,269          —

        — Charged to profit or loss               7,737             (601)        270,380     277,516

        At December 31, 2021                     17,448               —          723,129     740,577

                                                                  Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                Stage 1     Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL
                                             12 months       (not credit-         (credit-
                                                    ECL         impaired)       impaired)      Total

        At January 1, 2020                        5,298               —          327,041     332,339

        Changes in the expected
          credit losses:

        — Transfer to Stage 1                         —               —                —          —

        — Transfer to Stage 2                         —               —                —          —

        — Transfer to Stage 3                         —               —                —          —

        — Charged to profit or loss               8,682             601          121,439     130,722

        At December 31, 2020                     13,980             601          448,480     463,061




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

288
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


27. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (LIABILITIES)

     The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                                                   2021                  2020

       Deferred tax assets                                                                                  1,561,415            1,818,424

       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               (491,857)               (790,161)

     The followings are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized and movements thereon during
the year:

                                        Financial                                                Financial
                                    instruments                                              instruments
                                    at fair value                                            at fair value
                                   through profit                                           through other
                                        and loss/     Accrued       Deferred    Impairment comprehensive Property and
                                     derivatives    staff costs      income      allowances        income  equipment        Others           Total

       At January 1, 2020               (271,459)     622,331         30,634       109,547      (176,586)      (2,477)      29,600        341,590

       (Charge) credit to profit
          or loss                       (325,484)     839,028           (799)       38,367            —         2,526       51,411        605,049

       Charge to other
          comprehensive income                —             —             —             —        81,697            —            —          81,697

       Exchange differences                   —             —             —             —             —           (49)         (24)            (73)

       At December 31, 2020             (596,943)   1,461,359         29,835       147,914       (94,889)          —        80,987       1,028,263

       At January 1, 2021               (596,943)   1,461,359         29,835       147,914       (94,889)          —        80,987       1,028,263

       (Charge) credit to profit
          or loss                       (148,994)       92,032          (799)       63,005            —        (2,815)       2,736          5,165

       Credit to other
          comprehensive income                —             —             —             —        35,300            —            —          35,300

       Exchange differences                   —             —             —          1,331          (513)          —           12             830

       At December 31, 2021             (745,937)   1,553,391         29,036       212,250       (60,102)      (2,815)      83,735       1,069,558




                                                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                            289
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


28. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2021             2020

        Leasehold improvements and deferred expenses                                 455,226          348,166

        Prepayment for investment                                                    291,815          784,153

                                                                                     747,041        1,132,319



(2)   Movements of leasehold improvements and deferred expenses are as follows


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2021             2020

        At the beginning of the year                                                 348,166          281,341

        Additions                                                                    182,547           88,987

        Transfer from construction in progress (note 19)                              47,368           88,203

        Amortization                                                                (122,855)        (110,365)

        At the end of the year                                                       455,226          348,166



29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2021             2020

        Advances to customers                                                    98,832,293        81,861,589

        Less: Expected credit losses                                                (145,787)        (107,239)

                                                                                 98,686,506        81,754,350

      Credit facility limits granted to margin clients are determined by the discounted market value of
collateral securities accepted by the Group.
      The majority of the advances to customers which are secured by underlying pledged securities and cash
collateral as disclosed in note 41 are interest bearing. The Group maintains a list of approved stocks for margin
lending with respective loan-to-collateral ratios. Any excess in the ratio will trigger a margin call upon which
the customers have to make good the difference.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

290
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (Continued)

(2)   Analyzed by fair value of collateral of margin financing and securities lending business


                                                                                              As at December 31,
                                                                                                 2021               2020
        Collateral measured at fair value:
        Cash                                                                                 9,019,690        8,750,495
        Bonds                                                                                1,929,661        1,662,489
        Equity securities                                                              272,671,945          225,956,368
        Funds                                                                                2,207,212        7,125,528
                                                                                       285,828,508          243,494,880



(3)   The movements of allowance of impairment losses are as follows


                                                                                              As at December 31,
                                                                                                 2021               2020
        At the beginning of the year                                                          107,239             93,418
        Expected credit losses recognized                                                      43,055             15,117
        Write-off of expected credit losses                                                     (3,996)                —
        Exchange differences                                                                      (511)           (1,296)
        At the end of the year                                                                145,787           107,239

                                                                   As at December 31, 2021
                                     12 months (stage 1)    Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)                Total
        Principal and interest               98,444,765               126,754                260,774            98,832,293
        Expected credit losses                   55,219                   113                 90,455               145,787

                                                                   As at December 31, 2020
                                     12 months (stage 1)    Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)                Total
        Principal and interest               81,761,933                35,247                 64,409            81,861,589
        Expected credit losses                   52,186                    66                 54,987               107,239

      The directors of the Company are of the opinion that an ageing analysis does not give additional value
in view of the nature of the securities margin financing business. As a result, no ageing analysis is disclosed.
      The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the size and customers are correlated.




                                                                                                         2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      291
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (Continued)

(4)   The following tables show reconciliation of expected credit losses that has been recognized for
      advances to customers.


                                                                  Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                            Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL
                                                Stage 1      (not credit-         (credit-
                                               12m ECL          impaired)       impaired)    Total ECL

        As at January 1, 2021                    52,186               66          54,987      107,239

        Changes in the expected credit
          losses:

        — Transfer to Stage 1                         —               —                —            —

        — Transfer to Stage 2                        (73)             73               —            —

        — Transfer to Stage 3                     (2,337)            (11)          2,348            —

        — Write-off of expected credit
         losses                                       —               —           (3,996)       (3,996)

        — Charged (credit) to profit or loss      5,443              (15)         37,116       42,544

        As at December 31, 2021                  55,219             113           90,455      145,787

                                                                  Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                            Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL
                                                Stage 1      (not credit-         (credit-
                                               12m ECL          impaired)       impaired)    Total ECL

        As at January 1, 2020                    33,655               —           59,763       93,418

        Changes in the expected credit
          losses:

        — Transfer to Stage 1                         —               —                —            —

        — Transfer to Stage 2                        (12)             12               —            —

        — Transfer to Stage 3                         —               59              (59)          —

        — (Credit) charged to profit or loss     18,543               (5)         (4,717)      13,821

        As at December 31, 2020                  52,186               66          54,987      107,239




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

292
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


30. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                                   2021              2020

            Accounts and other receivables from/related to:

            Clearing houses, brokers and dealers                                             2,184,661         2,548,885

            Fee and commission income                                                        1,040,738            851,361

            Other receivables                                                                  110,449            105,295

            Deposits of OTC derivative business(i)                                           1,627,462         2,274,104

            Dividends receivable                                                                    456           213,354

            Prepayments                                                                        215,733            148,034

            Others                                                                             318,529            303,506

            Sub-total                                                                        5,498,028         6,444,539

            Less: Expected credit losses of accounts and other receivables                      (40,243)          (15,017)

                                                                                             5,457,785         6,429,522

      (i)      Fair value gain or losses arising from these business are recorded in derivative assets or liabilities.


(2)   Analyzed by ageing

    As at the end of the year, the ageing analysis of accounts and other receivables, which is primarily
comprised of fees and commission receivable and receivables related funds redemption, is as follows:

                                                      As at December 31, 2021              As at December 31, 2020

                                                                          Expected                             Expected
                                                         Amount        credit losses           Amount       credit losses

            Within 1 year                               5,307,059                (671)       6,280,770                   (910)

            Between 1 and 2 years                          55,699              (2,236)          67,980              (2,798)

            Between 2 and 3 years                          53,325            (18,549)           33,496              (4,296)

            Over 3 years                                   81,945            (18,787)           62,293              (7,013)

                                                        5,498,028            (40,243)        6,444,539            (15,017)




                                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                          293
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


31. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

(1)   Analyzed by type


                                                                                           As at December 31,

                                                                                              2021             2020

        Current

        Government bonds                                                              22,599,689         13,899,354

        Bonds issued by policy banks                                                      4,254,253      10,959,451

        Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                            —      70,403

        Others                                                                        13,728,381         19,685,392

                                                                                      40,582,323         44,614,600



(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses are as follows


                                                                                           As at December 31,

                                                                                              2021             2020

        At the beginning of the year                                                        18,575            9,523

        Expected credit losses recognized                                                     3,697           9,512

        Exchange differences                                                                   (432)           (460)

        At the end of the year                                                              21,840          18,575

                                                                As at December 31, 2021

                                   12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)              Total

        Principal and interest             40,534,828               47,495                     —           40,582,323

        Expected credit losses                  4,982               16,858                     —              21,840

                                                                As at December 31, 2020

                                   12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)   Life time (stage 3)              Total

        Principal and interest             44,569,218               45,382                     —           44,614,600

        Expected credit losses                 18,501                   74                     —              18,575

     During the year and the year ended December 31, 2021, there was no material transfer between the
stages of expected credit losses.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

294
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


32. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                      As at December 31

                                                                                          2021              2020

           Current

           Debt securities                                                        155,037,861       114,923,320

           Funds                                                                   23,603,284        15,558,117

           Equity investments(i)                                                   17,758,074        15,991,020

           Others(ii)                                                              58,367,571        19,557,575

                                                                                  254,766,790       166,030,032

           Non-current

           Funds                                                                      153,177                  —

           Equity investments(i)                                                    4,536,836         4,497,943

           Others(ii)                                                               5,887,475         3,067,089

                                                                                   10,577,488         7,565,032

     (i)       Equity investments comprise of unlisted equity investments.
     (ii)      Others mainly represent investments in collective asset management schemes, wealth management
               products, trusts and investments in limited partnerships.
     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are determined as described
in note 63.
      As at December 31, 2021, debt securities of 1,708,716 thousand (December 31, 2020: 532,705
thousand) and RMB15,466,674 thousand (December 31, 2020: 9,690,902 thousand) classified as FVTPL were
pledged as collateral for certain derivative transactions and securities borrowing, respectively. Moreover, it
also entered into certain repurchase and securities leading arrangements and the details are disclosed in Note
56.




                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              295
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


33. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                      As at December 31,2021                       As at December 31,2020

                                                      Non-Hedging Instruments                     Non-Hedging Instruments

                                                Notional           Fair Value               Notional            Fair Value
                                                principal                                   principal
                                                amounts         Assets     Liabilities      amounts          Assets     Liabilities

            Interest derivative instrument

              Interest rate swaps(i)          242,069,097      685,971          704,685   198,894,341      567,793           562,867

              Bond futures(i)                  36,239,998           —                —     18,901,393            —                —

            Equity derivative instrument

              Equity return swaps              59,611,174    1,626,204     2,308,822        7,423,537      284,354           144,448

              Stock index futures(i)            7,696,569       31,495            3,179     6,474,865          629             1,519

              Options(ii)                      68,210,866      718,654     1,395,596       73,830,936      852,590      2,141,499

            Currency derivatives

              Foreign exchange contracts(i)    39,815,437        2,001           48,427    41,649,414          295           166,592

              Currency futures                   730,523         1,523             532             —             —                —

            Credit derivatives

              Credit default swaps               860,000         9,861             345       733,498          3,885            4,735

            Other derivative instrument

              Commodity futures(i)             32,952,140       52,408          137,945    14,194,605          200            15,541

              Commodity swaps                   3,788,703       71,834           17,461      731,767          7,976            2,847

              Commodity forward contracts        591,854         3,849               —      1,465,705         8,617           12,005

              Bond forward contracts(i)          780,000           841               —       900,000             —            19,749

                                              493,346,361    3,204,641     4,616,992      365,200,061     1,726,339     3,071,802

      (i)       Under a daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s
                position in the PRC futures contracts, interest rate swap contracts and bond forward contracts
                traded in the National Interbank Funding Center and foreign exchange contracts traded in the
                China Foreign Exchange Trade System are settled daily and the corresponding receipts and
                payments are included in “clearing settlement funds”. Accordingly, these contracts are presented
                after netting of their settlements at the end of the reporting period.
      (ii)      Options: Included in options are over-the-counter options, exchanged-traded options and
                embedded derivatives of income certificates.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

296
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


34. DEPOSITS WITH EXCHANGES AND NON-BANK FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                             As at December 31,

                                                                                 2021              2020

    Deposits with stock exchanges and clearing houses:

    China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited           1,115,266         1,550,408

    Shanghai Clearing House                                                  576,337           335,254

    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                            134,668           145,480

    The SEHK Options Clearing House Limited                                    12,804             8,195

    China Beijing Equity Exchange                                               2,878             1,434

    Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                                      552               568

    Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges and
      financial institutions:

    China Financial Futures Exchange                                       6,784,949         3,914,321

    Dalian Commodity Exchange                                              1,548,864           690,921

    Shanghai Futures Exchange                                              1,189,585           808,364

    Jianxin Futures Co., Ltd.                                                502,564           172,290

    Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                                             459,432           282,366

    Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                                                 149,556           185,803

    Shanghai International Energy Exchange                                   109,126             36,394

    Hong Kong Futures Exchange                                                 93,645            15,369

    Yongan Futures Co., Ltd                                                    89,930          123,581

    Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd.                                                   60,486          158,406

    Haitong Futures Co., Ltd.                                                  59,139                 —

    COFCO Futures Co.,Ltd.                                                     43,438                 —

    China International Futures Co.,Ltd.                                       40,292                 —

    Shanghai Gold Exchange                                                      6,626          113,704

    Pingan Futures Co., Ltd.                                                       —           384,182

    Chicago Mercantile Exchange                                                    —              3,262

    CITIC Futures Co., Ltd.                                                        —           123,774

    London Metal Exchange                                                          —             13,050

    Others                                                                   161,654                107

                                                                          13,141,791          9,067,233



                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                     297
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


35. CLEARING SETTLEMENT FUNDS

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2021             2020

        Clearing settlement funds held with clearing houses for:

        House accounts                                                         6,893,468       8,550,783

        Clients                                                               18,979,905      13,978,557

                                                                              25,873,373      22,529,340

      These clearing settlement funds are held by the clearing houses for the Group and these balances carry
interest at prevailing market interest rates.


36. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2021             2020

        Bank balances - house accounts                                         9,777,458      12,567,767

        House accounts                                                         7,703,770      10,893,205

        Pledged and restricted bank deposits

        — Restricted bank deposit for purchase of bond, stock and
         as risk reserve and credit (note 37)                                  2,073,688       1,674,562

        Cash held on behalf of customers                                      78,160,803      70,270,826

                                                                              87,938,261      82,838,593



37. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

      Cash and cash equivalents comprise the followings:

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2021             2020

        Bank balances - house accounts (note 36)                               9,777,458      12,567,767

        Clearing settlement funds - house accounts (note 35)                   6,893,468       8,550,783

        Less: Pledged and restricted bank deposits (note 36)                  (2,073,688)      (1,674,562)

                                                                              14,597,238      19,443,988




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

298
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


38. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                                           As at December 31,

                                                                                              2021               2020

         Current

         Unsecured bank borrowings(i)                                                     5,246,025        3,289,462

         Interests accrued                                                                    1,981               833

                                                                                          5,248,006        3,290,295

   (i)       As at December 31, 2021, the floating interest rates of Group’s short-term unsecured bank borrowings
             ranged from 0.96%-1.44% (December 31, 2020: 1.10%-1.50%) per annum while the fixed interest rate
             of these borrowings was 4.00% (December 31 2020: the Group had no unsecured bank borrowings bear
             fixed interest rates) per annum.


39. SHORT-TERM DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                   As at      Issuance/                          As at
                                                               January 1,         Other                    December 31,
                                               Coupon rate          2021       Transfer     Redemption            2021

         Short-term bond payables                   3.25%      2,100,000      4,200,000       2,100,000       4,200,000

         Short-term financing bills payables        2.75%              —     50,800,000      49,000,000       1,800,000

         Principals of income certificates     0.74%-3.70%    33,841,112     31,872,390      45,104,456      20,609,046

         Interest accrued                                        275,646       998,541         947,394          326,793

                                                              36,216,758     87,870,931      97,151,850      26,935,839

                                                                   As at      Issuance/                          As at
                                                               January 1,         Other                    December 31,
                                               Coupon rate          2020       Transfer     Redemption            2020

         Short-term bond payables                   2.85%              —      2,100,000               —       2,100,000

         Short-term financing bills payables                  20,000,000     62,000,000      82,000,000              —

         Principals of income certificates     3.00%-3.90%    12,915,760     47,602,802      26,677,450      33,841,112

         Interest accrued                                        182,856       982,037         889,247          275,646

                                                              33,098,616    112,684,839     109,566,697      36,216,758




                                                                                                      2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   299
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


40. PLACEMENTS FROM BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                            2021             2020

            Placement from banks(i)                                                    2,230,000       10,000,000

            Placement from other financial institutions(ii)                            4,500,000        1,000,000

            Interest accrued                                                              13,717             2,762

                                                                                       6,743,717       11,002,762

      (i)      As at December 31, 2021, the effective interest rates on amount due to banks ranged from 2.23%-
               3.10% (December 31, 2020: 2.20%-3.35%) per annum. The amounts are repayable within seven days
               from the end of the reporting period.
      (ii)     As at December 31, 2021, the effective interest rate on amount due to other financial institutions was
               2.80% (December 31, 2020: 2.80%) per annum. The amounts are repayable within six months from the
               end of the reporting period.


41. ACCOUNTS PAYABLES TO BROKERAGE CLIENTS

                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                            2021             2020

            Clients’ deposits for margin financing and securities lending              9,019,690        8,750,495

            Clients’ deposits for other brokerage business                            90,585,652       76,690,748

                                                                                      99,605,342       85,441,243

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent money received from and repayable to brokerage
clients, which are mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage
clients are interest bearing at the prevailing interest rate.
     The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayables on demand except for certain accounts
payable to brokerage clients represent money received from clients for their margin financing activities under
normal course of business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excessive amounts over
the required margin deposits and cash collateral stipulated are repayable on demand.
      The directors of the Company are of the opinion that an ageing analysis does not give additional value
in view of the nature of these businesses. As a result, no ageing analysis is disclosed.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

300
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


42. ACCRUED STAFF COSTS

                                                                                       As at December 31,

                                                                                          2021               2020

           Non-current

           Salaries, bonus and allowances                                              223,661           395,360

           Current

           Salaries, bonus and allowances                                            7,927,716         6,631,362

           Short-term social welfare                                                    52,054             52,054

           Defined contribution plans(i)                                                  1,218             1,132

           Others                                                                       78,313             75,289

                                                                                     8,059,301         6,759,837

     (i)      The defined contribution plans refer to social pension insurance plan and unemployment insurance plan
              required by the government, and annuity scheme launched by the Group. The Group participates in the
              social pension insurance plan and unemployment insurance plan pursuant to pertinent regulations and
              contributes to these funds set up by the governments on a monthly basis. Besides, the Group sets up
              annuity schemes and MPF schemes for qualified employees in the PRC and Hong Kong and contributes
              to these schemes, which are managed by third parties, on an annual basis or on a monthly basis.
     The total expense recognized in profit or loss of RMB505,550 thousand (2020: RMB314,248 thousand)
represents contributions payables to these plans by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the plans. As
at December 31, 2021, contributions of RMB1,218 thousand due in respect of the year ended December 31,
2021 had not been paid to these plans (December 31, 2020: RMB1,132 thousand). The amounts were paid
subsequent to the end of reporting period.




                                                                                                  2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               301
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


43. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED CHARGES

                                                                                           As at December 31,

                                                                                               2021             2020

            Settlement payables to brokers and clearing houses                           5,106,756         7,241,096

            Dividends payables to holders of other equity instruments                      592,196           592,196

            Deposits of equity return swaps(i)                                          23,617,908         7,255,884

            Other tax payables                                                             556,606           907,744

            Commission and handling fee payables                                           134,191           120,918

            Futures risk reserve                                                           116,382            93,682

            Notes payables                                                               1,772,900         1,658,700

            Others(ii)                                                                     793,944           581,635

                                                                                        32,690,883       18,451,855

      (i)       As at December 31, 2021 and 2020, the balance mainly represents deposits received from investors
                on equity return swaps which is refundable according to the contract terms upon the expiry date. The
                deposit will be mature within one year from the end of the reporting period. These instruments contain
                non-closely related embedded derivatives as their returns are linked to the fluctuation of certain stock
                indexes or specific stock prices. For those embedded derivatives with significant fair values, they are
                accounted for in these consolidated financial statements under note 33 after having been bifurcated
                form their respective host contracts.
      (ii)      Others mainly represent payables of annual membership fees, investor protection fund, and other
                payables arising from normal course of business.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

302
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


44. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                           As at December 31,

                                                                                               2021              2020

         Non-current

         Financial liabilities designated at fair value through
           profit or loss

         — Structured entities(i)                                                        1,867,596         2,692,207

         Current

         Financial liabilities held for trading

         — Equity securities                                                               383,159           345,689

         — Debt securities                                                             18,621,982          9,581,296

         — Gold                                                                                   —          312,000

         — Structured notes                                                              1,753,125           315,956

         — Others                                                                          434,603           660,223

                                                                                       21,192,869         11,215,164

         Financial liabilities designated at fair value through
           profit or loss

         — Structured entities(i)                                                          127,473             34,680

                                                                                       21,320,342         11,249,844

   (i)      In the consolidated financial statements, financial liabilities arising from consolidated structured entities
            are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to
            pay other investors based on net book values and related terms upon maturity dates of the structured
            entities.




                                                                                                      2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   303
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


45. FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2021             2020

        Current

        Analyzed by collateral type:

        Bonds                                                                  106,741,683      101,396,458

        Gold                                                                     20,676,047       17,861,737

                                                                               127,417,730      119,258,195

        Analyzed by market:

        Stock exchanges                                                          45,340,025       55,797,441

        Interbank bond market                                                    79,482,490       60,308,055

        Over-the-counter                                                          2,595,215        3,152,699

                                                                               127,417,730      119,258,195

     Sales and repurchase agreements are transactions in which the Group sells a security as well as rights
and interests in margin loans and simultaneously agree to repurchase it (or an asset that is substantially the
same) at the agreed dates and prices. These securities are not derecognized from the financial statements but
regarded as “collateral” for the liabilities because the Group retains substantially all the risk and rewards of
these securities and margin loans.
     As at December 31, 2021, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with its repurchase financing
business amounted to RMB147,234 million (December 31, 2020: RMB110,364 million).


46. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2021             2020

        Within 1 year                                                               321,889          294,159

        Within a period of more than 1 year but not more than 2 years               260,417          237,189

        Within a period of more than 2 years but not more than 5 years              451,283          415,381

        Within a period of more than 5 years                                        283,876          313,670

        Sub-total                                                                 1,317,465        1,260,399

        Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown
          under current liabilities                                                (321,889)        (294,159)

        Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
         under non-current liabilities                                              995,576          966,240




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

304
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


47. SHARE CAPITAL

   All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The
Company’s number of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2021              2020

       Registered, issued and fully paid ordinary shares of RMB1 each:

       At the beginning of the year

       — Domestic shares                                                          7,422,006        5,719,009

       — Foreign invested shares                                                  1,274,520          980,400

                                                                                  8,696,526        6,699,409

       Effect of rights issue

       — Domestic shares                                                                  —        1,702,997

       — Foreign invested shares                                                          —          294,120

                                                                                          —        1,997,117

       At the end of the year

       — Domestic shares                                                          7,422,006        7,422,006

       — Foreign invested shares                                                  1,274,520        1,274,520

                                                                                  8,696,526        8,696,526

      Pursuant to the CSRC’s Approval in respect of the Rights Issue of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
(Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 723)*(《關於核准招商證券股份有限公司配股的批覆》(證監許可[2020] 723號)),
new A Share rights share were allotted to all A Share holders on the basis of three A Share rights shares for
every ten existing A Shares (“A Share Rights Issue”). On July 20, 2020, the Company completed the A Share
Rights Issue, and 1,702,997,123 new A Share rights shares were allotted and issued at a price of RMB7.46 per
share to raise funds of RMB12.704 billion. The new A Shares were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on
July 31, 2020.
     Pursuant to the CSRC’s Approval in respect of the Rights Issue of Overseas Listed Foreign Shares of China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2019] No. 1946)* (《關於核准招商證券股份有限公司境外上
市外資股配股的批覆》(證監許可[2019]1946號)), new H Share rights shares were allotted to qualified H Share
holders on the basis of three H Share rights shares for every ten existing H Shares (“H Share Rights Issue”). As
of August 11, 2020, 294,120,354 new H Share rights shares were allotted and issued at a price of HKD8.185
per share and funds of HKD2.407 billion were raised. The new H Shares were listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange on August 20, 2020.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           305
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


47. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

     During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company settled its treasury stocks and the number of
shares and the considerations received are as follows:

                                                                                              Aggregate
                                                                                 No. of    Consideration
        Month of settlement                                             Treasury stocks         received

        February 2020                                                        40,020,780          663,954

      On March 12, 2019, the 17th Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was held to
consider and approve an A Share Repurchase Plan. On April 11, 2019, the Company issued an announcement
that it intended to use all the A Shares repurchased for an Employee Stock Ownership Scheme according
to relevant regulations. On December 26, 2019, the Company issued an announcement of Implementation
Results and Share Changes of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. At the 28th meeting of the sixth session
of the Board held on December 26, 2019, the Company approved the Proposal on Early Completion of
Repurchase A Shares of the Company. The aggregate number of A Shares repurchased by the Company
through the centralized bidding was 40,020,780, accounting for 0.5974% of the Company’s total existing
share capital, and the aggregate amount paid by the Company was RMB663,895,568.36 (excluding
transaction fees).
      On January 15, 2020, the first extraordinary general meeting was held by the Company to consider
and approve the resolution in relation to the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Scheme. The Company
engaged China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“China Merchants Asset Management”) as
the manager for this Employee Stock Ownership Scheme, and signed an contract for China Merchants Asset
Management-China Merchants Securities No.1 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme Single Asset Management
Plan. On February 7, 2020, the Company received RMB663,994,473.34 for the stock repurchased from the
asset management plan. On March 3, 2020, the process of the registration and transfer of the relevant stock
was completed.


48. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                    2021            2020

        Perpetual subordinated bonds                                         15,000,000      15,000,000

     The Company issued four batches of perpetual subordinated bonds with a total principal amount
of RMB4,000,000,000, RMB5,000,000,000, RMB3,700,000,000 and RMB2,300,000,000 in February,
March, May and June 2017, with the initial interest rate of 5.18%, 5.15%, 5.65% and 5.58% per annum,
respectively. The interest rates for these perpetual subordinated bonds are repriced every five years.
      The perpetual subordinated bonds are unsecured, and upon the maturity of every repricing cycle, the
Company has the option to extend the maturity of the bonds for another repricing cycle, or redeem the bonds
entirely.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

306
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


48. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The Company has the option to defer interest payments, except in the event of mandatory interest
payments, so that at each interest payment date, the Company may choose to defer the interest payment
to the next payment date for the current year as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred,
without being subject to any limitation with respect to the number of deferrals. Of which, mandatory interest
payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders of the Company from the issuer
and reductions of registered capital.
      The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified and presented as equity
instruments in the consolidated statement of financial position.


49. INVESTMENT REVALUATION RESERVE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE
    THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                        2021              2020

       At the beginning of the year                                                 288,626           542,629

       Debt instruments at FVTOCI

         Net changes in fair value for the year                                       74,805          (160,799)

         Reclassification to profit or loss                                            5,827          (316,546)

         Income tax impact                                                           (26,047)         120,732

       Expected credit losses of debt instruments at FVTOCI

         Net changes in profit or loss for ECL Reclassification adjustment             3,697             9,511

         Income tax impact                                                               513               242

       Equity instruments at FVTOCI

         Net changes in fair value for the year                                     (220,830)         163,467

         Transfer to retained profits                                                (22,508)                —

         Income tax impact                                                            60,834           (40,867)

       Share of other comprehensive income of associates

         Transfer to retained profits                                                 22,095                 —

         Share of other comprehensive income that will not be
           reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                                    —            (22,095)

         Share of other comprehensive income that will be
           reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                                 9,153            (7,648)

       At the end of the year                                                       196,165           288,626




                                                                                               2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            307
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


50. GENERAL RESERVES

      General reserve include statutory reserve, general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.
      Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and the Company’s articles of association, 10% of the net
profit of the Company, as determined under the relevant accounting rules and financial regulations applicable
to enterprises in the PRC, is required to be transferred to the statutory reserve until such time when this
reserve reaches 50% of the share capital of the Company. The reserve appropriated can be used for expansion
of business and capitalization. If the statutory reserve is capitalized into share capital, the remaining reserve is
required to be no less than 25% of the Company’s registered capital before capitalization.
      In accordance with the “Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises”, the Company is required to
appropriate 10% of net profit derived in accordance with the People’s Republic of China Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (“PRC GAAP”) before distribution to shareholders as general risk reserve from retained
profits. Moreover, in accordance with the requirements of the guidance of CSRC about regulating financial
institutions in the asset management business for collective asset management business of securities, the
subsidiary, China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. appropriated 10% of its management
fees earned from large-size collective assets management business as general risk reserve since December
2018.
      In accordance with the application guidance of Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises (Cai Jin [2007]
No. 23) issued by the Ministry of Finance People’s Republic of China (“MOF”), China Merchants Futures Co.,
Ltd. is required to appropriate 10% of profit after making up for losses in previous years and paying taxes as
general risk reserve.
     The Company appropriates 10% of net profit derived in accordance with PRC GAAP before distribution
to shareholders as transaction risk reserve from retained profits and cannot be distributed or transferred to
share capital.
      The movements of the general reserve are as follows:
      As at December 31, 2021

                                                                         At the
                                                                     beginning                         At the end
                                                                    of the year         Addition       of the year
            Statutory reserve(i)                                      5,236,148                 —        5,236,148
            General risk reserve                                      6,914,897         1,160,708        8,075,605
            Transaction risk reserve                                  6,363,594         1,068,711        7,432,305
                                                                     18,514,639         2,229,419      20,744,058

      As at December 31, 2020

                                                                         At the
                                                                     beginning                         At the end
                                                                    of the year         Addition       of the year
            Statutory reserve                                         5,236,148                 —        5,236,148
            General risk reserve                                      5,738,813         1,176,084        6,914,897
            Transaction risk reserve                                  5,426,465           937,129        6,363,594
                                                                     16,401,426         2,113,213      18,514,639

      (i)      The statutory reserve has reached 50% of the share capital of the Company at December 31, 2021 and
               2020. Therefore, no net profit of the Company was transferred to the statutory surplus during the year.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

308
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


51. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                   2021              2020

      Unsecured bank borrowings                                                      —           252,375

      Interest accrued                                                              642               629

                                                                                    642          253,004

     As at December 31, 2021, the Group had no unsecured long-term bank borrowings due within one year
(December 31, 2020: the interest rates ranged from 1.426%-1.467% per annum).


52. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                   2021              2020

      Unsecured bank borrowings                                                979,540           418,353

     As at December 31, 2021, the Group’s unsecured long-term bank borrowings bore floating interest rate
of 1.259%-1.711% (December 31, 2020: 1.713%) per annum.


53. BONDS PAYABLES DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                   2021              2020

      Non-convertible bonds (1)                                             29,996,864        35,238,855

      Income certificates                                                      338,298                  —

      Interest accrued                                                       2,585,580         1,700,906

                                                                            32,920,742        36,939,761




                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                       309
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


53. BONDS PAYABLES DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR (Continued)

(1)   The following table presents an analysis of non-convertible bonds


                                                          Issue        Value      Maturity      Coupon
        Name                              Currency      amount          date         date          rate

        19CMG1                                CNY      1,500,000   2019/03/08   2022/03/08       3.59%

        19CMF4                                CNY      3,600,000   2019/04/10   2022/04/10       4.00%

        19CMF6                                CNY      4,000,000   2019/04/25   2022/04/25       4.28%

       GF Assets Management —
         China Merchants Securities
         Capital Lending Phase III
         Asset-backed Special Plan            CNY      2,000,000   2019/04/25   2022/04/25       4.20%

        19CM01BC                              CNY      5,000,000   2019/10/11   2022/10/11       3.45%

        19CMF4                                CNY      1,500,000   2020/03/25   2022/03/25       2.85%

        19CMF7                                CNY      4,000,000   2020/06/11   2022/06/11       3.15%

       20CMG4                                 CNY      2,900,000   2020/09/21   2022/09/21       3.55%

       20CMG6                                 CNY      3,000,000   2020/10/26   2022/10/26       3.43%

       21CMF1                                 CNY      2,500,000   2021/02/26   2022/08/26       3.55%



54. BONDS PAYABLES

                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                   2021           2020

        Non-convertible bonds(1)                                            60,117,993       50,308,981

        Subordinated bonds(2)                                               34,955,405        5,489,886

        Income certificates                                                 18,125,187         242,000

        Interest accrued                                                        194,630              —

                                                                           113,393,215       56,040,867




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

310
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


54. BONDS PAYABLES (Continued)

(1)   The details of non-convertible bonds are as follows:


                                                       Issue         Value      Maturity      Coupon
       Name                             Currency     amount           date         date          rate

       12CM03                               CNY     5,500,000   2013/03/05    2023/03/05        5.15%

       14CM bond                            CNY     5,500,000   2015/05/26    2025/05/26        5.08%

       CMSEC N2301                          USD       300,000   2020/01/21    2023/01/21       2.625%

       20CMG1                               CNY     3,000,000   2020/07/22    2023/07/22        3.55%

       20CMG3                               CNY     3,000,000   2020/08/13    2023/08/13        3.50%

       20CMG5                               CNY     2,900,000   2020/09/21    2023/09/21        3.78%

       20CMG7                               CNY     1,000,000   2020/10/26    2023/10/26        3.63%

       21CMG1                               CNY     1,500,000   2021/01/18    2023/01/18        3.24%

       21CMG2                               CNY     4,500,000   2021/01/18    2024/01/18        3.53%

       21CMG3                               CNY     1,400,000   2021/01/28    2024/01/28        3.58%

       21CMF2                               CNY     7,500,000   2021/02/26    2023/08/26        3.85%

       21CMG4                               CNY     2,000,000   2021/07/12    2023/07/12        3.00%

       21CMG5                               CNY     4,000,000   2021/07/12    2024/07/12        3.22%

       21CMG6                               CNY     2,000,000   2021/07/29    2023/10/12        2.95%

       21CMG7                               CNY     4,300,000   2021/07/29    2024/06/13        3.12%

       21CMG9                               CNY     5,000,000   2021/08/12    2024/08/12        3.08%

       21CM10                               CNY     2,000,000   2021/08/12    2026/08/12        3.41%

       CMSI GEM N2409                       USD      500,000    2021/09/16    2024/09/16       1.295%




                                                                                      2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                   311
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


54. BONDS PAYABLES (Continued)

(2)   The details of subordinated corporate bonds are as follows:


                                                                Issue        Value       Maturity      Coupon
        Name                                Currency          amount          date          date          rate

        20CMC1                                  CNY      4,430,000       2020/12/03     2023/06/03      4.38%

        20CMC2                                  CNY      1,070,000       2020/12/03     2023/12/03      4.43%

        21CMC1                                  CNY      4,800,000      2021/01/27      2024/01/27      3.95%

       21CMC2                                   CNY      6,000,000      2021/03/09      2024/03/09      3.95%

       21CMC3                                   CNY      6,000,000      2021/04/15      2024/04/15      3.80%

       21CMC4                                   CNY      3,000,000      2021/05/18      2023/11/18      3.55%

        21CMC5                                  CNY     2,700,000       2021/06/24     2023/06/24       3.48%

        21CMC6                                  CNY     2,000,000       2021/06/24     2023/12/23       3.60%

        21CMC7                                  CNY     4,000,000       2021/11/11     2024/11/11       3.40%

        21CMC8                                  CNY     1,000,000       2021/11/11     2026/11/11       3.70%



55. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                       As at December 31,

                                                                                          2021           2020

        Dividends recognized as distribution                                          3,800,382      2,913,336

        Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                            802,090        802,090

     Pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders meeting held on June 4, 2021, the Company declared
cash dividends of RMB4.37 for every 10 shares (tax included) based on 8,696,526,806 shares held amounting
to RMB3,800,382 thousand in total for the year ended December 31, 2020 and none of these dividends were
paid during the current period.
     Pursuant to the resolution of the second extraordinary shareholders meeting held on October 30, 2020,
the Company declared cash dividends of RMB3.35 for every 10 shares (tax included) based on 8,696,526,806
shares. In aggregate, it amounted to RMB2,913,336 thousand for the six months ended June 30, 2020.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

312
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

(1)   Repurchase agreements

     The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell the Group’s securities
and interests in margin loans and the proceeds are presented as financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements. Under these agreements, the Group is unable to dispose of these securities until they are
repurchased.
     The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values in respect of these financial
assets transferred but are continued to be recognized and their associated liabilities:
      As at December 31, 2021

                                                                                                   Debt
                                                                                          instruments
                                                   Financial assets            Debt       at fair value
                                                       at fair value    instruments     through other         Securities/
                                                           through     at amortized    comprehensive       gold lending
                                                      profit or loss            cost            income    arrangements             Total

       Fair value of transferred assets                 95,022,450          426,020        21,377,720        25,551,430      142,377,620

       Carrying amount of associated liabilities        85,038,260          381,260        19,131,520        22,866,690      127,417,730

       Net position                                      9,984,190           44,760         2,246,200         2,684,740       14,959,890

      As at December 31, 2020

                                                                                                   Debt
                                                                                          instruments
                                                   Financial assets            Debt       at fair value
                                                       at fair value    instruments     through other         Securities/
                                                           through     at amortized    comprehensive       gold lending
                                                      profit or loss            cost            income    arrangements             Total

       Fair value of transferred assets                 76,612,853          802,735        27,467,723        22,926,836      127,810,147

       Carrying amount of associated liabilities        71,486,581          749,023        25,629,820        21,392,771      119,258,195

       Net position                                      5,126,272           53,712         1,837,903         1,534,065        8,551,952




                                                                                                                      2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                    313
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)

(2)   Securities lending arrangements

     As of December 31, 2021, the Group entered into securities lending agreements with its clients to
lend its financial assets classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB496,181
thousand (December 31, 2020: RMB1,666,659 thousand) and equity instruments at fair value through other
comprehensive income of RMB1,003,092 thousand (December 31, 2020: RMB199,950 thousand). These
lending agreements are secured by client’s securities and deposits held as collateral. Legal ownership of these
securities is transferred to the clients and the clients are allowed to sell these securities under these lending
arrangements, but they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at specified future dates. The
Group is of the opinion that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and therefore
are not derecognized these securities in the consolidated financial statements.


57. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Group does not have any significant capital commitments or
any significant contingencies.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

314
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS

     The emoluments of directors and supervisors of the Company paid and/or payables by the Group for the
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:
     Year ended December 31, 2021

                                                      Salaries,     Retirement
                                                   allowances          benefits
                                                  and benefits          scheme                     Total
      Name                                 Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses    emoluments

      Executive directors:

         HUO Da                              —           2,033             285       1,565         3,883

         XIONG Jiantao (1)                   —           1,537             217          —          1,754

                                             —           3,570             502       1,565         5,637

      Non-executive directors:

         LIU Weiwu (2)                       —              —                —          —             —

         SU Jian (3)                         —              —                —          —             —

         XIONG Xianliang                     —              —                —          —             —

         SU Min                              —              —                —          —             —

         PENG Lei                            —              —                —          —             —

         GAO Hong                            —              —                —          —             —

         HUANG Jian                          —              —                —          —             —

         WANG Daxiong                        —              —                —          —             —

         WANG Wen                            —              —                —          —             —

                                             —              —                —          —             —

       Independent non-executive
          directors:

         XIANG Hua                          200             —                —          —            200

         XIAO Houfa                         200             —                —          —            200

         XIONG Wei                          200             —                —          —            200

         HU Honggao                         200             —                —          —            200

         WANG Di                            200             —                —          —            200

                                          1,000             —                —          —          1,000




                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                     315
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

      Year ended December 31, 2021 (Continued)

                                                       Salaries,     Retirement
                                                    allowances          benefits
                                                   and benefits          scheme                    Total
        Name                                Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments

        Supervisors:

          ZHOU Linda Lei                      —           1,648             259      1,252         3,159

          LI Xiaofei                          —              —                —         —             —

          WANG Zhangwei                       —              —                —         —             —

          MA Yunchun                          —              —                —         —             —

          ZHANG Zhen                          —              —                —         —             —

          ZOU Qun                             —              —                —         —             —

          YIN Hongyan                         —           1,042             187        180         1,409

          HE Min                              —             736             177         20          933

          SHEN Weihua                         —             832             160        160         1,152

                                              —           4,258             783      1,612         6,653

                                           1,000          7,828           1,285      3,177        13,290




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

316
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

   Year ended December 31, 2020

                                                   Salaries,     Retirement
                                                allowances          benefits
                                               and benefits          scheme                    Total
    Name                                Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments

    Executive directors:

      HUO Da                              —           2,068             243      6,547         8,858

      XIONG Jiantao (1)                   —           2,068             243      6,547         8,858

                                          —           4,136             486     13,094        17,716

    Non-executive directors:

      SU Jian (3)                         —              —                —         —             —

      XIONG Xianliang                     —              —                —         —             —

      SU Min                              —              —                —         —             —

      PENG Lei                            —              —                —         —             —

      GAO Hong                            —              —                —         —             —

      HUANG Jian                          —              —                —         —             —

      WANG Daxiong                        —              —                —         —             —

      WANG Wen                            —              —                —         —             —

                                          —              —                —         —             —

    Independent non-executive
       directors:

      XIANG Hua                         200              —                —         —            200

      XIAO Houfa                        200              —                —         —            200

      XIONG Wei                         200              —                —         —            200

      HU Honggao                        200              —                —         —            200

      WANG Di                           200              —                —         —            200

                                       1,000             —                —         —          1,000




                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                 317
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

      Year ended December 31, 2020 (Continued)

                                                           Salaries,     Retirement
                                                        allowances          benefits
                                                       and benefits          scheme                    Total
        Name                                   Fees         in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments

        Supervisors:

            ZHOU Linda Lei                        —           1,640             217      5,266         7,123

            LI Xiaofei                            —              —                —         —             —

            WANG Zhangwei                         —              —                —         —             —

            MA Yunchun                            —              —                —         —             —

            ZHANG Zhen                            —              —                —         —             —

            ZOU Qun                               —              —                —         —             —

            YIN Hongyan                           —             953             156      2,659         3,768

            HE Min                                —             676             138      1,894         2,708

            SHEN Weihua                           —             126               6        210          342

            XIONG Zhigang(4)                      —             655             189      2,204         3,048

                                                  —           4,050             706     12,233        16,989

                                               1,000          8,186            1,192    25,327        35,705

      (1)    XIONG Jiantao resigned in October 2021.
      (2)    LIU Weiwu was appointed as non-executive director in June 2021.
      (3)    SU Jian resigned in April 2021.
      (4)    XIONG Zhigang resigned in June 2020.
     The emoluments of executive directors and supervisors shown above were paid for their services in
connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’
emoluments shown above were paid for their services as directors of the Company and the subsidiaries, if
applicable.
      As of the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the above compensation
packages including performance-based bonus for executive directors, non-executive directors and supervisors
for the year ended December 31, 2021 have not been finalized. Management of the Group believes that the
difference between the final emoluments and that disclosed above will not have significant impact on the
consolidated financial statements of the Group.
     Except for non-executive directors who were not remunerated by the Company, no directors of the
Company waived or agreed to waive any emolument paid by the Group during the year. No emoluments
were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company as an incentive payment for joining the Group or as
compensation for resignation during the year.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

318
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


59. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

     Two (2020: three) of the five individuals with the highest emoluments were directors or supervisors of
the Company. The emoluments of the remaining three individuals (2020: two) with the highest emoluments
are as below:

                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                    2021              2020

       Basic salaries and allowances                                               3,723             2,786

       Bonuses                                                                     4,964            10,204

       Contributions to retirement benefit scheme                                    722               443

                                                                                   9,409            13,433

      Bonuses disclosed above were determined with reference to the results of the Group and performance
of these individuals. No emoluments were paid by the Group to these individuals as an incentive payment for
joining the Group or as compensation for resignation during the year.
    The emoluments of the individuals (non-director) with the highest emoluments are within the following
bands:

                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                    2021              2020

       Emolument bands

       HKD3,000,001 to HKD3,500,000                                                    2                 —

       HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000                                                   —                  —

       HKD4,000,001 to HKD4,500,000                                                   —                  —

       HKD4,500,001 to HKD5,000,000                                                    1                 —

       HKD5,000,001 to HKD5,500,000                                                   —                  —

       HKD5,500,001 to HKD6,000,000                                                   —                  —

       HKD6,000,001 to HKD6,500,000                                                   —                  —

       HKD6,500,001 to HKD7,000,000                                                   —                  —

       HKD7,000,001 to HKD7,500,000                                                   —                  —

       HKD7,500,001 to HKD8,000,000                                                   —                   2

      During the year of 2021, the emoluments paid by the Group to these non-director individuals were paid
for the services provided to the Group by these individuals.




                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                        319
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

(1)   Relationship of related parties

a.    Major shareholders

     Major shareholders include shareholders of the Company with 5% or above direct ownership. Share
percentage in the Company:

                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                                       2021             2020

        China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                       23.55%           23.55%

        Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd.                           19.59%           19.59%

        China Ocean Transportation Co., Ltd.                                         6.26%            6.26%



b.    Associates of the Group

      The details of the Group’s associates is set out in note 22.


c.    Other related parties

     Other related parties can be individuals or enterprises, which include: members of the Board of Directors,
the Board of Supervisors and senior management, and close family members of such individuals.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

320
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                        (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(1)   Relationship of related parties (Continued)

c.    Other related parties (Continued)

      The table below lists the Group’s other significant related parties:

          Significant related legal entities                     The relationship with the Group

          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                         Significant influence by the ultimate controlling company

          China Merchants (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd.*       Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          Shenzhen Merchants Daojiahui Technology Co., Ltd.*     Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          Shenzhen Merchants Property Management Co., Ltd.*      Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          Liaoning Port Co., Ltd.                                Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone                 Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company
            Holdings Co., Ltd.*

          Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate Co., Ltd.*                    Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          Beijing Zhaoyi Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.*        Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          Sinotrans (New Zealand) Co., Ltd.                      Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          Shenzhen Ruizhi Yuancheng Technology Co., Ltd.*        Significant influence by the ultimate controlling company

          Shenzhen Expway Co.,Ltd.                               Significant influence by the ultimate controlling company

          Hainan Bosera Innovation Management Co., Ltd.*         Significant influence by the ultimate controlling company

          China Merchants Capital Management (Beijing)           Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company
            Co., Ltd.*

          Jingzhou Merchants Huide Capital                       Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate joint controlling company
             Management Co., Ltd.*

          Shenzhen Merchants Guoxie No. 2 Equity Investment      Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate joint controlling company
            Fund Management Co. Ltd.*

          China Merchants Real Estate (Beijing) Co. Ltd.*        Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          China Merchants Real Estate (Suzhou) Co. Ltd.*         Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          Zhangjiagang Zhaogang Equity Investment                Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate joint controlling company
            Partnership (Limited Partnership)*

          China Merchants Innovation Investment Fund             Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company
            (Limited Partnership)*

          Sinotrans Logistics Co., Ltd.                          Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling company

          China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited                    Significant influence by the ultimate controlling company

      *       English name translated is for identification purpose only.


                                                                                                         2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         321
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances

a.    During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Group’s major transactions and
      balances with its associate are as follows

      Transactions between the Group and an associate:

                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                       2021          2020

        Fee and commission income

        — Funds managed by Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
         China Merchants Fund Management Limited                     284,188      223,696

      Balances between the Group and an associate:

                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                       2021          2020

        Accounts and other receivables

        — Funds managed by Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
         China Merchants Fund Management Limited                      66,908       57,519




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

322
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances (Continued)

b.    The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as follows

      Transactions between the Group and other related parties:

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,

                                                                                          2021              2020

          Fee and commission income

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            60,201            97,035

            — Liaoning Port Co., Ltd.                                                    5,660                 —

            — Sinotrans (New Zealand) Co., Ltd.                                          5,807                 —

          Interest income

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                          429,546           498,659

          Investment gains

            — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.*                31,939            43,747

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            20,643            24,871

          Other income

            — Shenzhen Expway Co.,Ltd.                                                  10,804            10,804

          Fee and commission expenses

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                          206,446           204,567

          Interest expenses of placement and borrowings from banks

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            10,300            15,103

          Other operating expenses

            — Shenzhen Merchants Property Management Co., Ltd.*                         40,100            12,355

          Purchase of software and office supplies

            — Shenzhen Ruizhi Yuancheng Technology Co., Ltd.                             5,208                 —

            — Shenzhen Merchants Daojiahui Technology Co., Ltd.*                        24,767            24,356

          Interest expenses of lease liabilities

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            18,107            19,302

          Interest expenses of repurchase agreements business

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            71,032             8,772

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.



                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              323
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances (Continued)

b.    The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as follows
      (Continued)

      The Group also has the following balances with its other related parties.

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2021          2020

          Accounts and other receivables

            — Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate Co., Ltd.*                                   291,815       284,512

          Bank balances

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                      25,643,886   25,374,694

          Borrowings

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                        408,954       421,124

          Placements from banks

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                              —     3,000,408

          Other payables

            — Beijing Zhaoyi Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. *                      341,506        95,526

          Lease liabilities

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                        545,400       591,553

            — China Merchants (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd.*                       44,083         3,404

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.


(3)   Key management personnel

      The remuneration of the key management personnel of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2021          2020

          Short-term benefits

            — Salaries, bonus and allowances                                         24,405        68,306

          Post-employment benefits

            — Contribution to retirement schemes                                       2,424        2,203

                                                                                     26,829        70,508


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

324
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(4)   Other related parties transaction

      Joint investments between the Group and its other related parties are as follows:

       Investors                    Other                             Invested                            Joint
       of the Group                 related parties                   enterprises or projects             investments

       China Merchants Securities   Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate          Changsha Yuelu Liangxiang           Planned joint
         Investment Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.*                        real estate project                  investment

       China Merchants Securities   China Merchants Capital           Service Trade Innovation and        Joint investment
         Investment Co., Ltd.         Management (Beijing)               Development Guide Fund
                                      Co., Ltd.*                         (Limited Partnership)*

       China Merchants Securities   Hainan Bosera Innovation          Guangdong Bozi Tongze No.1          Joint investment
         Investment Co., Ltd.         Management Co., Ltd.*             Equity Investment Partnership
                                                                        (Limited Partnership)*

       China Merchants Securities   Hainan Bosera Innovation          Guangdong Bozi No.4 Equity          Joint investment
         Investment Co., Ltd.         Management Co., Ltd.*             Investment Partnership
                                                                        (Limited Partnership)*

       China Merchants Securities   Hainan Bosera Innovation          Guangdong Bosera No. 3 Equity       Joint investment
         Investment Co., Ltd.         Management Co., Ltd.*             Investment Partnership
                                                                        (Limited Partnership)*

       China Merchants Securities   China Merchants Capital           Wuxi Tongfu Digital                 Joint investment
         Investment Co., Ltd.         Management (Beijing)              Model Investment
                                      Co., Ltd.*                        Management Partnership
                                                                        (Limited Partnership)*

       China Merchants Securities   Jingzhou Merchants Huide          Jingzhou Huikang                    Joint investment
         Investment Co., Ltd.          Capital Management                Equity Investment Fund
                                       Co., Ltd.*                        (Limited Partnership)*

       China Merchants Securities   Shenzhen Merchants Guoxie         Nantong Zhaohua No.1 Emerging       Joint investment
         Investment Co., Ltd.         No. 2 Equity Investment Fund      Industry Investment Fund
                                      Management Co. Ltd.*              (Limited Partnership)*




                                                                                                        2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                          325
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(4)   Other related parties transaction (Continued)

      Joint investments between the Group and its other related parties are as follows: (Continued)

          Investors                    Other                           Invested                        Joint
          of the Group                 related parties                 enterprises or projects         investments

          China Merchants Securities   China Merchants Real Estate     Beijing Zhaoyi Enterprise       Joint investment
            Investment Co., Ltd.         (Beijing) Co. Ltd.*              Management Co., Ltd.*

          China Merchants Securities   China Merchants Shekou          Hengxi (Jiaxing) Equity         Joint investment
            Investment Co., Ltd.         Industrial Zone Holdings        Investment Partnership
                                         Co., Ltd.*                      (Limited Partnership)*

          China Merchants Securities   China Merchants Real Estate     Wuxi Ruishang Real Estate       Joint investment
            Investment Co., Ltd.         (Suzhou) Co. Ltd.*              Co. Ltd.*

          China Merchants Securities   Zhangjiagang Zhaogang Equity    Anhui Estone Materials          Joint investment
            Investment Co., Ltd.         Investment Partnership          Technology Co.,Ltd.
                                         (Limited Partnership)*

          China Merchants Securities   China Merchants                 China Merchants Logistics       Joint investment
            Investment Management        Innovation Investment Fund      Synergy Limited Partnership
            (HK) Co., Limited            (Limited Partnership)*

          China Merchants Securities   Sinotrans Logistics Co., Ltd.   China Merchants Logistics       Joint investment
            Investment Management                                        Synergy Limited Partnership
            (HK) Co., Limited

          China Merchants Securities   China Merchants Union           China Merchants Logistics       Joint investment
            Investment Management        (BVI) Limited                   Synergy Limited Partnership
            (HK) Co., Limited

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

326
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


61. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                                       2021              2020

      Financial assets

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                     1,409,254         7,420,580

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                    40,582,323        44,614,600

      Financial assets measured at amortized cost                              271,508,210       257,339,077

      Derivative financial assets                                                3,204,641         1,726,339

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    265,344,278       173,595,064

                                                                               582,048,706       484,695,660

      Financial liabilities

      Derivative financial liabilities                                           4,616,992         3,071,802

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                23,187,938        13,942,051

      Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                  446,534,980       367,520,527

                                                                               474,339,910       384,534,380




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           327
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

(1)   Risk management structure

      Since its establishment, the Group has been developing an all-around, innovative and forward-
looking risk management system, which can be aligned with its operational strategy and focuses on its
frontier departments at business unit level. The structure of the risk management of the Group consists of
five levels including the strategical arrangement by the Board of Directors, supervision and scrutiny by the
Supervisory Committee, or decision-making by the senior management and the Risk Management Committee,
check-and-balance and internal controls maintained by relevant risk management departments and direct
management of other departments, branches and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
      The Group adopts a three-level risk management organization structure system: the first level refers to
implementation of effective controls on risk management by all departments and branches themselves; the
second level refers to risk management measures implemented by relevant risk management departments; the
third level refers to post-event supervision and evaluation by the Audit and Supervision Department.
      The overall risk management duties of departments or posts under the risk management organization
structure are as follows:
      (i)     the Board of Directors and the Directors Risk Management Committee are responsible for
              considering and approving the Company’s risk appetite, risk tolerance and various risk limit
              indicators. They are also responsible for convening quarterly meetings, reviewing quarterly risk
              reports and reviewing the Company’s overall risk management;
      (ii)    the Supervisory Committee of the Group is responsible for supervising and examining the
              operations of the comprehensive risk management system of the Company;
      (iii)   the senior management is responsible for the risk management of business operations, determining
              risk control measures and formulating risk limit indicators on a regular basis by reference to the
              risk evaluation reports. The Risk Management Committee set up by the senior management is
              the ultimate risk decision-making body at operation level. The Chief Risk Officer of the Company
              is responsible for establishing comprehensive risk management system, monitoring, evaluating
              and reporting the overall risk level of the Group and providing risk management suggestion on
              business decisions. The Risk Management Committee consists of the Securities Investment Decision
              Committee, the Credit Risk Committee, the Valuation Committee, the Capital Commitment
              Committee and the Investment Banking Business Risk Policy Committee. Within the scope of
              their authorization, experts shall review and collectively make decisions on the risks of securities
              investment, credit risk, securities valuation, capital commitment and investment banking business.
              The Company integrates the risk management of subsidiaries into an overall risk management
              system and carries out vertical management. The person in charge of the risk management of the
              subsidiary shall be nominated, appointed, removed and assessed by the chief risk officer of the
              Group.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

328
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(1)   Risk management structure (Continued)

      The overall risk management duties of departments or posts under the risk management organization
structure are as follows: (Continued)
      (iv)   the Risk Management Department is the leading department in respect of management of market,
             credit and operational risks of the Company. It is also responsible for managing market risk and
             credit risk, assisting and guiding all units in performing risk management. The Capital Management
             Department is the leading department in respect of management of management of liquidity risk.
             It is also responsible for managing liquidity risk and facilitating the establishment of the liquidity
             risk management systems. Legal and Compliance Department is responsible for leading the Group’s
             legal and compliance risk management, money laundering risk management and assisting in the
             compliance director on reviewing, supervising and scrutinizing compliance issues of the Group,
             promoting the implementation of anti-money laundering work. The Administration Department
             together with the Risk Management Department and other relevant departments promote the
             management of reputation risk of the company. Internal Audit Department is responsible for
             monitoring the effectiveness and implementation of the Company’s risk management process by
             audits, and responsible for initiating evaluation of entire internal control system at least once a
             year;
      (v)    All departments of the Company, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company are
             responsible for directly managing and supervising risks of their own businesses and management
             scopes.


(2)   Credit risk

      The Group’s exposure to credit risk represents the economic loss that may arise from the failure of
a debtor or counterparty to meet its obligation according to their contractual commitment. The Group is
primarily exposed to four types of credit risk: (a) risk arising from default of customers to repay debts in
businesses of margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed lending or stock repurchases; (b)
risk of losses of principal and interest for investments in debt securities, trust products and other credit
products due to default of the issuers or borrowers; (c) risk arising from default of a counterparty to meet its
payment obligation arising from trading of over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives such as equity swaps, interest
rate swap, OTC futures, forward contracts, or spot market transactions; (d) risk arising from the default of
customers in brokerage business in respect of trading of securities, futures and other financial products, when
there was shortfall of funds after liquidation of client’s accounts on settlement dates.
     In respect of margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed lending, stock repurchase
business and other financing businesses, the Group has established a multi-level authorization system for
business management and a comprehensive risk management system covering the whole process through
due diligence of customers, approval of credit grant, post-loan evaluation, dynamic adjustment to collaterals
pledge ratio, mark to market system, mandatory liquidation and disposal on default.
      For debt security investments, trust products and other credit products business, the Group implements
entry management for investable bonds by establishing a bond pool. The entry of bonds into the pool needs
to be evaluated by professional credit evaluators and meet the relevant internal and external credit rating
entry standards, industrial entry standards, product entry standards, financial entry standards, etc. The
concentration risk is controlled through hierarchical approvals and authorization of investments, and the
latest risk information of the issuer is monitored in real time through a public opinion monitoring system.

                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              329
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

     For OTC derivatives trading business, the Group has formulated a set of management measures
and rules in respect of eligibility of investors, due diligence of customers, credit approval, potential risk
exposure measurement rules, margin collection and mark to market, liquidation disposal, management
of the underlying securities and follow-up measures on default of customers, in order to strengthen the
management before, during and after the transactions.
      In terms of brokerage business, for the brokerage business that the Company may bear the responsibility
of guaranteed settlements, the default risk of customers is controlled by monitoring indicators such as the
lowest rating of the underlying securities, position concentration and leverage ratio; With regard to the
trading of securities and other financial products for overseas customers, the Group has effectively controlled
the credit risk by strengthening the management of customer credit grant and margin.


Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement

      The Group applies ECL model for financial assets at amortized cost, mainly including advances to
customers, financial assets held under resale agreements, debt instruments at amortized cost and debt
instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
       The Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since
initial recognition at the reporting date and recognizes the impairment loss allowance for expected credit loss
and its movements.
      •    If the credit risk of the financial instrument has not increased significantly since its initial
           recognition, it is classified as “Stage 1” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an
           amount equivalent to the expected credit loss of the financial instrument in the next 12 months.
           The increase in or reversal of the impairment loss allowance is included in the profit and loss as
           impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal.
      •    If a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition is identified, the financial
           instrument is moved to “Stage 2” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount
           equivalent to the expected credit loss of the financial instrument over its lifetime. The increase in
           or reversal of the impairment loss allowance is included in the profit and loss as impairment losses
           under expected credit loss model, net of reversal.
      •    If the financial instrument is credit-impaired at the first, the financial instrument is moved to “Stage
           3” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount equivalent to the expected credit
           loss of the financial instrument over its lifetime. The increase in or reversal of the impairment loss
           allowance thus formed is included in the profit and loss as impairment losses under expected credit
           loss model, net of reversal.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

330
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)

      The criteria for the three-stage classification of ECL of the principal financial assets are as follows:
      •    Advances to customers: exposures with collateral coverage ratios less than 100% for more than
           30 days are considered to be credit impaired and classified as Stage 3; exposures with collateral
           coverage ratios less than 100% for less than 30 days are considered to have experienced significant
           increase in risk and classified as Stage 2; for exposures that have not experienced the above
           situations are regarded as having no significant increase in credit risk and classified as Stage 1.
      •    Financial assets (pledged by stocks) held under resale agreements: based on the obligors’ credit
           quality, contract maturity dates, the information of collateral securities, which includes the sectors,
           liquidity discount factor, concentration, volatility and related information, the Group establishes
           different collateral coverage ratios (generally not less than 160%) as margin calls and force
           liquidation thresholds (collateral coverage ratios generally not less than 140%) against different
           exposures related to these transactions. Exposures with collateral coverage ratios below the
           pre-determined force liquidation thresholds for more than 30 days or those past due for more than
           30 days are considered to be credit impaired and classified as Stage 3; exposures with collateral
           coverage ratios below the pre-determined force liquidation thresholds for less than 30 days or
           those past due for less than 30 days are considered to have experienced significant increase in
           credit risks and classified as Stage 2; for exposures that have not experienced the above situations
           are regarded as having no significant increase in credit risk and classified as Stage 1.
      •    For debt investment exposures, financial instruments with lower credit risk at the end of the
           reporting period, or financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk after initial
           recognition will be classified in Stage 1; financial instruments whose credit risk has increased
           significantly since its initial recognition, even no credit loss has occurred, that is, there is no
           objective evidence of a credit loss event, will be classified in Stage 2; purchased or originated
           credit-impaired financial instruments, or those are not purchased or originated financial
           instruments but have been credit-impaired will be classified in Stage 3.
     For financial assets classified as Stage 1, the expected credit loss is measured using the probability of
default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure at default (“EAD”), or loss ratio method. For financial
assets recognized as Stage 2 and Stage 3, the expected credit losses are measured by estimating the future
cash flows associated with the financial assets.




                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 331
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Measuring ECL — inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques

     On the basis of credit rating of counterparties, credit assessment on borrowers and the quantitative
management of collaterals, the Group fully considers the customer portfolio of each credit related transaction,
the amount of a single debt, the term of borrowing, the margin maintenance ratio and the degree of collateral
concentration, etc., and ensure the above factors are reflected in parameters such as the probability of default
(“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and maturity of borrowers. Then stress tests and sensitivity analyses are
performed as supplementary measurement on monitoring credit risks.
     The Group uses expected credit loss model to measure the expected credit losses for applicable
financial assets. Factors considered in the assessment using the expected credit loss model mainly includes
asset categories, PD, LGD, exposures, exchange rates and adjustments factors, whether there are SICR and
judgment on low risk assets, and the impairment loss allowance in respect of fixed-income financial assets is
determined on the basis of the projected future cash inflows.
      For credit business, based on the borrowers’ credit quality, contract maturity date, the information of
related collateral securities, which including the sectors, liquidity discount factor, restrictions, concentration,
volatility, prices, operations of issuers etc., the Group considers margin maintenance ratios to individually
assess the loss ratios in order to measure the impairment loss allowance of high risk credit business.
      PD will be adjusted in the light of macroeconomic environment and the specific situation of bonds,
and determined after having incorporated forward-looking factors and adjustment factors of specific
bonds. The forward-looking adjustment factors are evaluated mainly based on analyzing the relationship
between the default rate and the long-term average default rate under different economic environments
(or macroeconomic factors) in China and other countries, and determined through forecasting economic
environment; the adjustment factors in respect of bonds depend on different industries, specific bonds and
risk mitigation measures, which will be adjusted based on different situations or changes.
      LGD is estimated based on historical data and subject to a forward looking adjustment.
      Corresponding loss rates for the Group’s credit business under the 3 stages were as follows:
     Stage 1: According to the margin maintenance ratio, concentration and conditions of restrictions on
trading, the loss rates on advances to customers range from 0.00% to 1.25%, the loss rates on financial
assets under resale agreements range from 0.00% to 3.78%.
      Stage 2 and Stage 3: Loss rate is determined based on the estimated future cash flows associated with
the financial assets.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

332
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)    Credit risk (Continued)

SICR

     The Group uses the following criteria to determine a significant increase in credit risks of debt securities
investments.
     The credit ratings of foreign bonds are lowered to a level below BBB- (not included), the credit rating
of domestic bonds are lowered to a level below AA (not included), or the original debt ratings are below AA
but have not yet been identified as there is a significant increase in credit risks, but there is an external rating
downgrade.
       Other events being identified as an indicator of a significant increase in credit risks include:
       •    The significant adverse changes in the industry or policies, geographical environment of issuers, or
            deterioration of the issuers’ own business operations;
       •    The consolidated financial statements of issuers exhibit significant adverse changes in principal
            operations or financial indicators;
       •    The significant adverse changes (if any) in the effectiveness of credit enhancement measures;
       •    The issuers and the entities that provide credit enhancement are discredited by environmental
            protection or safety production bureau, or other important scenarios, or occurrence of any event
            that may affect debt repayment abilities; the entities provide credit enhancement are delinquent or
            refused to bear the liability arising from credit enhancement in other debts;
       •    Other significant important events identified by the Group.
      In addition, in view of the financial assets under resale agreements, the Group considers that if collateral
coverage ratio is lower than the forced liquidation thresholds or with overdue interest, it indicates that its
credit risk has significantly increased. While the Group would fully consider the financing entity’s credit
status, contract period, the industry of the collateral, liquidity, restriction on sales, concentration, volatility,
performance protection and issuer’s operation performance factors, and then establishes different warning
lines and forced liquidation thresholds for different financing entities.
    According to the Guidance on Impairment of Financial Instruments of Securities Companies issued by
CSRC, criteria of low credit risks are as follows:
       •    International external rating of foreign bond investment is rated at BBB- or above;
       •    Domestic external rating of domestic bond investment is rated at AA or above.




                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                              333
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Forward-looking information

     For credit business, based on the analysis of characteristics of industries, the Group identifies specific
indicators related to the loss rates of credit business, that is, the concentration of client positions in
margin financing and margin trading business, the cumulative pledge ratio of stock pledge business, and
the type of collateral. By constructing the relationship between these specific indicators and the loss rate,
forward-looking adjustments are made to the expected credit loss of credit business.
     For debt securities investments, forward-looking adjustment factors are firstly evaluated mainly based on
analyzing the relationship between the default rate and the long-term average default rate under different
economic environments (or macroeconomic factors) in China and other countries through historical data
analysis, and determined through forecasting economic environment. When making forward looking factor
adjustments, the Group considers three different scenarios to appropriately reflect the non-linearities of the
development of key economic indicators and determine scenario weightings by data analysis and professional
judgment.
      For the current year, the weighted average forecasted (weighted average of optimistic, neutral and
pessimistic scenarios) growth rate of the Gross Domestic Product made by the Group was 5.58%, and the
weighted forward looking adjustment factors for bonds of AAA, AA+, AA, and AA- and below were 1.0, 1.2,
1.7, and 2.0, respectively.
     The table below sets forth the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure as at the end of the reporting
period, without taking into account of the effect of collaterals or other credit enhancements:


a.    Maximum credit risk exposure


                                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                                                       2021            2020
        Financial assets at FVTPL(i)                                           159,073,122      119,046,252
        Derivative financial assets                                              3,204,641        1,726,339
        Advances to customers                                                   98,686,506       81,754,350
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                           39,198,592       52,260,325
        Accounts and other receivables                                           5,552,061        7,149,847
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions             13,141,791        9,067,233
        Clearing settlement funds                                               25,873,373       22,529,340
        Cash and bank balances                                                  87,938,261       82,838,593
        Debt instruments at amortized cost                                       1,117,626        1,739,390
        Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                              40,582,323       44,614,600
        Equity instruments at FVTOCI(ii)                                         1,003,092          199,950
                                                                               475,371,388      422,926,219



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

334
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

a.    Maximum credit risk exposure (Continued)

      (i)      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss represent the investment in debt securities, trust
               products, equity securities lent to customers and asset-backed securities.
      (ii)     Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income subjected to credit risk represent
               equity securities lent to customers.


b.    Risk concentration

    The Group’s maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collaterals and other credit
enhancements are categorized by geographical area as follows:
      As at December 31, 2021

                                                                                         Outside
                                                                       Mainland         Mainland
                                                                          China            China               Total

            Financial assets at FVTPL                               158,412,559           660,563       159,073,122

            Derivative financial assets                                1,620,023        1,584,618         3,204,641

            Advances to customers                                    94,637,589         4,048,917        98,686,506

            Financial assets held under resale agreements            39,198,592                  —       39,198,592

            Accounts and other receivables                             2,683,530        2,868,531         5,552,061

            Deposits with exchanges and non-bank
             financial institutions                                  12,736,867           404,924        13,141,791

            Clearing settlement funds                                25,636,147           237,226        25,873,373

            Cash and bank balances                                   77,492,268        10,445,993        87,938,261

            Debt instruments investment at amortized cost                912,335          205,291         1,117,626

            Debt instruments at FVTOCI                               39,900,470           681,853        40,582,323

            Equity instruments at FVTOCI                               1,003,092                 —        1,003,092

            Maximum credit risk exposure                            454,233,472        21,137,916       475,371,388




                                                                                                     2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  335
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

b.    Risk concentration (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2020

                                                                               Outside
                                                                 Mainland     Mainland
                                                                    China        China          Total

        Financial assets at FVTPL                           117,655,630       1,390,622   119,046,252

        Derivative financial assets                              1,693,163      33,176      1,726,339

        Advances to customers                                   77,871,977    3,882,373    81,754,350

        Financial assets held under resale agreements           52,260,325           —     52,260,325

        Accounts and other receivables                           4,525,466    2,624,381     7,149,847

        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
         institutions                                            8,879,602     187,631      9,067,233

        Clearing settlement funds                               22,375,249     154,091     22,529,340

        Cash and bank balances                                  73,808,294    9,030,299    82,838,593

        Debt instruments investment at amortized cost            1,605,438     133,952      1,739,390

        Debt instruments at FVTOCI                              42,544,385    2,070,215    44,614,600

        Equity instruments at FVTOCI                              199,950            —       199,950

        Maximum credit risk exposure                        403,419,479      19,506,740   422,926,219




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

336
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

c.    Credit rating analysis of financial assets

     The carrying amounts of debt securities at the end of the year are categorized by rating distribution as
follows:

                                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                                               2021              2020
            Rating
            Issuers in Mainland China
              PRC sovereign bonds(i)                                                  115,533,692         87,734,530
              AAA                                                                       68,044,591        57,010,971
              AA+                                                                        7,518,267         7,206,493
              AA                                                                         1,921,413         1,833,533
              AA-                                                                                 —             7,467
              AA- below                                                                     41,022             40,857
              A-1                                                                          798,041           941,299
            Non-rated                                                                    1,344,281         2,907,371
            Sub-total                                                                 195,201,307        157,682,521
            Issuers in Hong Kong and other regions(ii)
            PRC sovereign bonds(i)                                                                —             3,398
              A                                                                            241,803           166,916
              B                                                                          1,196,239         3,389,269
            Non-rated                                                                       98,462             35,207
            Sub-total                                                                    1,536,504         3,594,790
                                                                                      196,737,811        161,277,311

      (i)      PRC sovereign bonds represent treasury bonds issued by the PRC government. AAA to AA- and below
               AA- rating represents rating on bonds (If there is no rating on bonds, then the rating on issuers will be
               used), among which AAA rating represents the highest rating. A-1 rating represents rating on short-term
               financing bonds. Non-rated means that bonds or corporates are not rated by any independent rating
               agency.
      (ii)     Credit rating of bonds whose issuers are in Hong Kong and other regions were derived from the lowest
               of Moody, Stand & Poor’s (“S&P”) and Fitch, if any. Bonds which are not rated by the above agencies
               are classified as non-rated. Included in A rating are bonds rated Aaa~A3 by Moody, AAA~A- by S&P and
               AAA~A- by Fitch; B rating are the bonds rated Baa1~B3 by Moody, BBB+~B- by S&P and BBB+~B- by
               Fitch; C rating are the bonds rated Caa1~C by Moody, CCC+~C by S&P and CCC~C by Fitch; D rating
               are bonds rated D by S&P and D by Fitch.


                                                                                                      2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   337
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk

a.    Origin and management of liquidity risk

      The Group’s exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from failure to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable
costs and in a timely manner to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy funding
needs for normal business operation. If there is material and adverse changes in the operating condition of
the Group in the future and the Group is not able to maintain their gearing ratio at a reasonable level, and
the operations of the Group experiences unusual changes, the Group may not be able to repay the principal
or interest of relevant debts in full when due.
      In order to prevent liquidity risk, the Group has established high-quality current asset reserve and
minimum excess reserve quota system. The Group has formulated liquidity emergency management plans to
retain minimum excess reserve in the funding plan. The Group has reserved treasury bonds, PBOC bills and
other highly liquid assets which can be liquidated at any time under extreme circumstances for unexpected
expenses. In addition, the Group has actively developed management for funding gaps. By using management
tools of cash flow gap, sensitivity analysis and stress testing, the Group can identify potential risks as early
as possible to arrange financing and adjust the pace of fund utilization for business purposes in advance to
effectively manage the payment risk. The Group has also continuously expanded their financing channels
and has a balanced distribution of debt maturities, so as to avoid the payment risk caused by single financing
channel or servicing debts when due. Besides, the Group has established internal risk reporting system to
promptly monitor the liquidity risk in the operation of each business and at each branch. Moreover, the Group
takes measures to promote the safe, sound and sustainable operations of each business and each branch.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

338
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

b.    Undiscounted cash flows by contractual maturities


                                                                                        As at December 31, 2021

                                                                                        More than     More than     More than
                                                                                      1 month but      3 months     1 year but
                                                   Carrying                 Less than    less than       but less    less than   More than
                                                    amount    On demand      1 month     3 months    than 1 year       5 years     5 years        Total

       Non-derivative financial liabilities

       Borrowings                                 6,228,188           —     3,998,541      248,744     1,021,818      997,732           —     6,266,835

       Short-term debt instruments               26,935,839           —     4,330,890    4,652,119   18,228,883             —           —    27,211,892

       Placements from banks and other
       financial institutions                     6,743,717           —     3,741,618    3,021,233            —             —           —     6,762,851

       Bonds payables                           146,313,957           —      567,413     4,014,991   30,348,605 120,191,211             — 155,122,220

       Financial assets sold under
       repurchase agreements                    127,417,730           — 106,595,960     12,069,232     9,334,784            —           — 127,999,976

       Financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss                    23,187,938    2,585,954   18,696,919       37,469            —     1,867,596           —    23,187,938

       Accounts payables to brokerage
       clients                                   99,605,342   99,605,342           —            —             —             —           —    99,605,342

       Other payables and accrued charges        31,972,742   30,141,695      58,147            —      1,772,900            —           —    31,972,742

       Lease liabilities                          1,317,465           —       28,415        51,921      247,617       771,901      358,803    1,458,657

       Sub-total                                469,722,918 132,332,991 138,017,903     24,095,709   60,954,607 123,828,440        358,803 479,588,453

       Derivative financial liabilities
         — net settlement                         4,616,992      870,941     265,254       479,632     1,154,125    1,845,068        1,972    4,616,992

       Total                                    474,339,910 133,203,932 138,283,157     24,575,341   62,108,732 125,673,508        360,775 484,205,445




                                                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                 339
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

b.    Undiscounted cash flows by contractual maturities (Continued)


                                                                                       As at December 31, 2020

                                                                                       More than     More than     More than
                                                                                     1 month but      3 months     1 year but
                                                  Carrying                 Less than    less than       but less    less than   More than
                                                   amount    On demand      1 month     3 months    than 1 year       5 years     5 years        Total

        Non-derivative financial liabilities

        Borrowings                               3,961,652           —     3,291,906        1,829      260,238       435,800           —     3,989,773

        Short-term debt instruments             36,216,758           —     8,899,962   17,446,690   10,173,277             —           —    36,519,929

        Placements from banks and other
        financial institutions                  11,002,762           —    10,004,954    1,007,078            —             —           —    11,012,032

        Bonds payables                          92,980,628           —       25,692     8,561,451   30,090,616     59,920,084          —    98,597,843

        Financial assets sold under
        repurchase agreements                  119,258,195           — 103,989,535      3,387,241   12,196,554             —           — 119,573,330

        Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                  13,942,051    1,000,198    9,779,066      470,580            —      2,692,207          —    13,942,051

        Accounts payables to brokerage
        clients                                 85,441,243   85,441,243           —            —             —             —           —    85,441,243

        Other payables and accrued charges      17,398,890   15,691,089      49,101       499,500     1,159,200            —           —    17,398,890

        Lease liabilities                        1,260,399           —       24,341        52,534      222,301       707,882      404,212    1,411,270

        Sub-total                              381,462,578 102,132,530 136,064,557     31,426,903   54,102,186     63,755,973     404,212 387,886,361

        Derivative financial liabilities
          — net settlement                       3,071,802      595,208     343,340     1,414,875      684,056        34,323           —     3,071,802

        Total                                  384,534,380 102,727,738 136,407,897     32,841,778   54,786,242     63,790,296     404,212 390,958,163




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

340
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk

a.    Origin and management of market risk

      Market risks of the Group refer to the risks of loss resulting from adverse changes in the market.
Securities portfolio held by the Group are derived from the proprietary investments, market-making business
and other investment activities. Movements in securities holding primarily arise from the relevant strategies of
proprietary investments and needs of market-making. The securities of the Group are measured at fair values
which fluctuates daily according to the market factors and change in the portfolios of the securities. Market
risks of the Group primarily include: (i) equity price risk, which represents the exposures arise from fluctuation
in the spot price, future price and volatility of indices such as stocks, equity portfolio, commodities and stock
index futures; (ii) interest rate risk, which primarily represents the exposures arise from movements in the yield
curve of fixed income investment, fluctuation in interest rates and credit spreads; and (iii) commodity risk,
which represents exposures arise from changes in the spot price, future price and the relevant volatility; and
(iv) exchange rate risk, which represents the exposures arise from changes in the spot rate, future rate and
volatility of foreign currency exchange rates.
       The Group collectively allocates economic capital in accordance with the risk preference and risk
tolerance indicators set by the directors of the Group. By considering the risks associated with each
type of investments and their interrelationship, the Group allocates the overall risk limits to different
business departments/business lines. The front-office business departments are responsible for market risk
management at the frontiers. The person in charge and investment manager shall utilize their extensive
experience and in-depth knowledge of the markets and products to conduct risk management in trading
transactions within their authorities and dynamically manages risk exposures to the securities held in open
position by taking initiative measures to mitigate or hedging these risks. Risk Management Department is
independent from other business departments and reports to Chief Risk Officer. By applying professional risk
management tools and methods, Risk Management Department aims to independently monitor, measure
and manage market risk at different levels, including investment strategies, business units/lines and the entire
Group. Reports of evaluation and risk analysis are generated and delivered to the responsible officers of the
business departments/business lines and management of the Group on a daily, monthly or quarterly basis to
facilitate decision making. When risk level is approaching or exceeds the threshold values, Risk Management
Department will warn against relevant management officers promptly, and the respective business
departments/business lines will implement measures according to the resolutions of the relevant committees.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                            341
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

b.    Price risk

Value at Risk (“VaR”)

      The Group adopts Value at Risk (“VaR”) as the risk evaluation tool for measuring the market risk of the
entire securities investment portfolio which comprises various financial instruments. VaR analysis is a statistical
technique that estimates the potential maximum losses that could occur on risk positions due to movements
in stock prices over a specified time period and at a given level of confidence.
     The analysis of the Group’s VaR (confidence level of 95% and a holding period of one trading day) by
types of risks is as follows:

                                                                   At December 31, 2021

                                                       Final         Highest           Lowest          Average

        Market risk of equity price                 158,679          395,272          158,679           244,690

        Market risk of interest rate                 37,035           61,867            36,804           47,192

        Market risk of commodity price               11,931           24,648             8,504           15,742

        Market risk of foreign exchange                 435               906                42              430

        Diversification effect                      (34,788)          (62,709)         (30,737)         (47,641)

                                                    173,292          419,984          173,292           260,413

                                                                   At December 31, 2020

                                                       Final         Highest           Lowest          Average

        Market risk of equity price                 289,250          305,811          181,939           252,006

        Market risk of interest rate                 54,910           78,818            36,111           57,812

        Market risk of commodity price               11,385           27,221             3,916           14,153

        Market risk of foreign exchange                 480             1,154                 2              340

        Diversification effect                      (39,556)          (67,751)         (30,104)         (45,911)

                                                    316,469          345,253          191,864           278,400




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

342
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

c.    Interest rate risk

       The tables below summarize the Group’s interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities as at year and by
their remaining terms to repricing or contractual maturity date, whichever is earlier. Other financial assets and
liabilities not included below are not exposed to significant interest rate risk.

                                                                                                             At December 31, 2021
                                                                                     More than      More than      More than
                                                                                   1 month but    3 month but      1 year but
                                                                      Less than       less than      less than      less than       More than Non- interest
                                                                       1 month        3 months          1 year        5 years         5 years      bearing           Total
       Financial assets
       Equity instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                                  —               —              —              —                —      1,409,254     1,409,254
       Debt instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                            621,711       2,505,289      7,412,054     27,925,722         2,117,547            —     40,582,323
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          2,117,918      3,774,394     42,201,049     73,439,008        32,146,857   111,665,052   265,344,278
       Derivative financial assets                                        2,912          7,580          2,224              —                —      3,191,925     3,204,641
       Advances to customers                                         10,608,283     20,992,084     67,086,139              —                —             —     98,686,506
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                 25,617,085      3,314,576      9,601,068        665,863                —             —     39,198,592
       Debt instruments at amortized cost                               63,134          42,985        852,006        159,501                —             —      1,117,626
       Accounts and other receivables                                        —               —              —              —                —      5,260,246     5,260,246
       Other non-current assets                                              —               —              —              —                —       291,815       291,815
       Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
       institutions                                                   3,140,787              —              —              —                —     10,001,004    13,141,791
       Clearing settlement funds                                     25,873,373              —              —              —                —             —     25,873,373
       Cash and bank balances                                        70,679,103              —     12,059,150       5,200,000               —             8     87,938,261
       Sub-total                                                    138,724,306     30,636,908    139,213,690    107,390,094        34,264,404   131,819,304   582,048,706
       Financial liabilities
       Borrowings                                                     5,573,967        654,221              —              —                —             —      6,228,188
       Short-term debt instruments                                    4,324,160      4,608,064     16,599,414              —                —      1,404,201    26,935,839
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions         3,737,728      3,005,989              —              —                —             —      6,743,717
       Bonds payables                                                  442,609       3,836,403     28,303,378    110,867,337                —      2,864,230   146,313,957
       Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements            106,312,180     11,972,507      9,133,043              —                —             —    127,417,730
       Derivative financial liabilities                                      —          13,763         18,018            499                —      4,584,712     4,616,992
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss    18,621,982              —              —              —                —      4,565,956    23,187,938
       Accounts payables to brokerage clients                        87,081,216              —              —              —                —     12,524,126    99,605,342
       Other payables and accrued charges                                    —               —      1,772,900              —                —     30,199,842    31,972,742
       Lease liabilities                                                28,269          51,452        242,168        711,700          283,876             —      1,317,465
       Sub-total                                                    226,122,111     24,142,399     56,068,921    111,579,536          283,876     56,143,067   474,339,910
       Net position                                                 (87,397,805)     6,494,509     83,144,769      (4,189,442)      33,980,528    75,676,237   107,708,796



                                                                                                                                                 2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                    343
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

c.    Interest rate risk (Continued)


                                                                                                               At December 31, 2020
                                                                                      More than       More than      More than
                                                                                    1 month but     3 month but      1 year but
                                                                       Less than       less than       less than      less than       More than Non- interest
                                                                        1 month        3 months           1 year        5 years         5 years      bearing          Total
        Financial assets
        Equity instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                  —               —               —              —                —     7,420,580     7,420,580
        Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                            610,649       1,315,746      16,132,510     26,013,565          542,130            —     44,614,600
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          1,665,373      4,222,985      34,092,177     55,354,750        19,586,502   58,673,277   173,595,064
        Derivative financial assets                                           —             635           6,989             33                —     1,718,682     1,726,339
        Advances to customers                                          8,915,997     14,502,138      58,336,215              —                —            —     81,754,350
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                 33,828,126      2,800,213      14,269,954       1,362,032               —            —     52,260,325
        Debt instruments at amortized cost                              217,460         207,444         724,718        589,768                —            —      1,739,390
        Accounts and other receivables                                        —               —               —              —                —     6,365,693     6,365,693
        Other non-current assets                                              —               —               —              —                —       784,153      784,153
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
        institutions                                                   9,067,233              —               —              —                —            —      9,067,233
        Clearing settlement funds                                     22,529,340              —               —              —                —            —     22,529,340
        Cash and bank balances                                        81,205,893        474,500       1,132,720         25,456                —            24    82,838,593
        Sub-total                                                    158,040,071     23,523,661     124,695,283     83,345,604        20,128,632   74,962,409   484,695,660
        Financial liabilities
        Borrowings                                                     3,290,924              —         252,375        418,353                —            —      3,961,652
        Short-term debt instruments                                    8,881,487     17,331,954      10,003,317              —                —            —     36,216,758
        Placements from banks and other financial institutions        10,002,529      1,000,233               —              —                —            —     11,002,762
        Bonds payables                                                   22,837       8,439,111      28,477,813     56,040,867                —            —     92,980,628
        Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements            103,948,251      3,353,591      11,956,353              —                —            —    119,258,195
        Derivative financial liabilities                                 19,749             131               —              —                —     3,051,922     3,071,802
        Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss     9,581,296        312,000               —              —                —     4,048,755    13,942,051
        Accounts payables to brokerage clients                        85,441,243              —               —              —                —            —     85,441,243
        Other payables and accrued charges                                    —         499,500       1,159,200              —                —    15,740,190    17,398,890
        Lease liabilities·                                               24,261          52,152         217,746        652,570          313,670            —      1,260,399
        Sub-total                                                    221,212,577     30,988,672      52,066,804      57,111,790         313,670    22,840,867   384,534,380
        Net position                                                 (63,172,506)     (7,465,011)    72,628,479      26,233,814       19,814,962   52,121,542   100,161,280




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

344
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

c.    Interest rate risk (Continued)

Sensitivity analysis

      The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on interest rates to measure the impact of a reasonably possible
change in interest rates on the Group’s profit and equity, assuming all other variables were held constant.
Assuming a parallel change in market interest rate and without taking into account of any possible risk
management activities that may be taken by the management to reduce interest rate risks, the Group’s
interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:


Sensitivity to profit


                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2021              2020

       Change in basis points

       Increase by 100bps                                                       (2,954,670)       (2,321,190)

       Decrease by 100bps                                                        3,034,860        2,413,421



Sensitivity to equity


                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2021              2020

       Change in basis points

       Increase by 100bps                                                       (3,773,844)       (3,031,301)

       Decrease by 100bps                                                        3,884,582        3,145,397




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          345
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

d.    Foreign currency rate risk

     Foreign exchange rate risk represents the adverse changes in the financial position and cash flows of
the Group due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on foreign
exchange rates to measure its foreign exchange rate risks. The table below indicates the sensitivity analysis on
exchange rate changes in currencies that the Group has significant exposure, which calculates the impacts to
equity arising from a reasonably possible change in the exchange rate of a foreign currency against Renminbi,
assuming all other variables were held constant. A negative amount reflects a potential decrease in equity,
and a positive amount reflects a potential increase in equity.


Sensitivity analysis of exchange rate


                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2021             2020

        Change in exchange rate

        Depreciation of USD by 3%                                                      2,376          (21,037)

        Depreciation of HKD by 3%                                                    (59,319)         (79,022)

     The table above indicates the impacts on the equity of a depreciation of 3% in USD and HKD against
Renminbi. There will be an opposite impact with the same amount as shown in the above table if the above
exchange rates appreciate by the same percentage.


(5)   Operational risk

      The Group’s operational risks arise from imperfect or problematic internal processes, people and systems
or external events. The operational risk factors of the Group are summarized into seven categories, including:
internal fraud, external fraud, employee policies and workplace safety, clients, products and business
activities, physical property damage, business interruption and IT system failures, execution, settlement and
process management.
      The Group emphasize balance of business scale, profitability and risk tolerance level, adhering to
carrying out various operations with prudence, and will not sacrifice operational risk management and
controls. During the current year, the Group continued to strengthen operational risk management, and
had improved a sound operational risk management system gradually, which was commensurate with the
business nature, scale and complexity of the Group. Three management tools, namely, (1) self-assessment of
operational risk control, (2) operational risk key risk indicators and (3) operational risk event had been used
to effectively enhance the depth and breadth of operational risk management through various special sorting
and investigations for industry hotspot events and frequent risk-prone areas.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

346
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

(1)   Fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured on a recurring
      basis

     The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis is
estimated using discounted cash flow method.
      The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of the financial assets and financial
liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis (including financial liabilities included in the
consolidated statement of financial position of the Group at amortized cost) approximate their fair values as
at December 31, 2021 and 2020.


(2)   Fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
      recurring basis

      If there is a reliable market quote for financial instruments, the fair value of financial instruments is
based on quoted market prices. If a reliable quoted market price is not available, the fair value of the financial
instruments is estimated using valuation techniques. Valuation techniques applied include reference to the
fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
pricing models. The inputs used in valuation techniques include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit
spreads and foreign exchange rates. Where discounted cash flow analysis is used, estimated cash flows are
based on management’s best estimates and the discount rate used is reference to another instrument that is
substantially the same.
      Since the Level 2 and Level 3 of financial assets and liabilities are not quoted in an active market,
valuation techniques are used to estimate the fair value. When estimating fair value using valuation
techniques, observable inputs and data from the practical market (e.g. yield curve of interest rate products,
foreign currency exchange rate, implied volatility, etc.) are adopted. If the observable inputs in the market
are not available, the observable input data that are calibrated as closely as possible to the market observable
data are used for estimating the fair value. Meanwhile, the credit risk, volatility, correlation, etc. of the Group
and the counterparties are estimated by the management. Changes in these factors will affect the estimated
fair value of the financial instruments, therefore there were uncertainty of accounting estimation on carrying
balances of the Level 2 and Level 3 of financial assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                               347
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The valuation techniques and input used in the fair value measurements of financial instruments are as
follows:

                                                          Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                  Significant            Relationship of
                                                           December 31,
                                                                                    Fair value                                                    unobservable           unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities              2021              2020   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs                 fair value

       1)    Financial assets at fair value
             through profit or loss
             Debt securities
             — Traded on stock exchanges               1,963,237      2,793,599        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                    N/A
             — Traded on stock exchange or           151,697,356   109,220,817         Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      N/A                    N/A
               interbank market                                                                  flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                                 reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
             — Bonds with no active market             1,377,268      2,908,904        Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      Estimated future       The higher the
                                                                                                 flows discounted at unobservable yield curve     cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                                 reflecting credit risk of counterparties.                               flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                  Discount rates that
                                                                                                                                                                         fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                                  reflect the risks of
                                                                                                                                                                         the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                  counterparties.
                                                                                                                                                                         higher the fair value.
             Equity investments
             — Traded on stock exchanges              14,989,525     14,749,016        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                    N/A
             — Traded on stock exchanges                   5,821              366      Level 2   Quoted closing prices for stocks suspended       N/A                    N/A
               (inactive)                                                                        for trading adjusted by fair value changes of
                                                                                                 similar securities.
             — Traded on stock exchanges               3,079,842      1,577,412        Level 3   Market prices adjusted by option pricing         Liquidity discount.    The higher the
               (restricted)                                                                      model for liquidity.                                                    discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                         the fair value.
             — Traded National Securities Exchange      177,593         243,674        Level 2   Bid prices made by market dealers.               N/A                    N/A
               and Quotation System
             — Traded National Securities Exchange       12,011          26,181        Level 2   Bid prices or negotiated prices.                 N/A                    N/A
               and Quotation System
             — Unlisted Equity                         2,498,030      1,935,423        Level 2   Latest observable transaction prices.            N/A                    N/A
             — Unlisted Equity                          156,348         118,214        Level 3   The net asset value based on the fair value of   The fair value of      The higher the
                                                                                                 the underlying investments.                      underlying assets.     underlying assets
                                                                                                                                                                         valuation, the higher
                                                                                                                                                                         the fair value.
             — Unlisted Equity                          347,854         119,203        Level 3   Comparable companies valuation, adjusted by      Valuation multiples    The higher the
                                                                                                 liquidity discount.                              e.g. P/E or P/B./      valuation multiples,
                                                                                                                                                                         the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                                  Liquidity discount.
                                                                                                                                                                         value. The higher the
                                                                                                                                                                         discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                         the fair value.
             — Unlisted Equity                          870,004       1,624,929        Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      Estimated future       The higher the
                                                                                                 flows discounted at unobservable yield curve     cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                                 reflecting credit risk of counterparties.                               flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                  Discount rates that
                                                                                                                                                                         fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                                  reflect the risks of
                                                                                                                                                                         the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                  counterparties.
                                                                                                                                                                         higher the fair value.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

348
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                     Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                              Significant            Relationship of
                                                      December 31,
                                                                               Fair value                                                     unobservable           unobservable input to
    Financial assets/financial liabilities            2021              2020   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)           inputs                 fair value

    1)    Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss (Continued)
          Equity investments (Continued)
          — Unlisted Equity                        157,882          94,545        Level 3   Latest transaction price adjusted by option       Latest transactions    The high the historical
                                                                                            pricing model for liquidity.                      prices adjusted        volatilities, the higher
                                                                                                                                              by differences in      the fair value
                                                                                                                                              rights of equity
                                                                                                                                              interest holders
                                                                                                                                              using derivatives
                                                                                                                                              models. Historical
                                                                                                                                              volatilities.
          Funds
          — Traded on stock exchanges             6,067,197      2,522,865        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.        N/A                    N/A
          — Traded on over-the-counter market    17,689,264     13,035,252        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the              N/A                    N/A
                                                                                            investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                            observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                            investment portfolio.
          Other investments
          — Wealth management and trust            103,972         398,172        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.        N/A                    N/A
            products and others
          — Wealth management and trust          56,256,982     16,752,765        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the              N/A                    N/A
            products and others                                                             investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                            observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                            investment portfolio.
          — Wealth management and trust                  —         147,184        Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash       N/A                    N/A
            products and others                                                             flows discounted at an observable yield curve
                                                                                            reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
          — Wealth management and trust           1,709,570      1,560,374        Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash       Estimated future       The higher the
            products and others                                                             flows discounted at an unobservable yield         cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                            curve reflecting credit risk of counterparties.                          flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                              Discount rates that
                                                                                                                                                                     fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                              reflect the risks of
                                                                                                                                                                     the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                              counterparties.
                                                                                                                                                                     higher the fair value.
          — Partnership enterprise                6,184,522      3,766,169        Level 3   Comparable companies valuation, adjusted by       Valuation multiples    The higher the
                                                                                            liquidity discount.                               e.g. P/E or P/B./      valuation multiples,
                                                                                                                                                                     the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                              Liquidity discount.
                                                                                                                                                                     value. The higher the
                                                                                                                                                                     discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                     the fair value.




                                                                                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                     349
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                       Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                Significant    Relationship of
                                                        December 31,
                                                                                  Fair value                                                    unobservable   unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities           2021              2020    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs         fair value

       2)    Debt instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
             Bonds
             — Traded on stock exchanges             681,853       2,008,899         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Traded on stock exchange or         39,900,470     42,605,701         Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      N/A            N/A
               interbank market                                                                flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                               reflecting credit risk of counterparties.

       3)    Equity instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
             Equity investments
             — Traded on stock exchanges            1,405,908        201,739         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Traded on stock exchanges                3,346              255       Level 2   Quoted closing prices for stocks suspended       N/A            N/A
               (inactive)                                                                      for trading adjusted by fair value changes of
                                                                                               similar securities.
             — Special accounts                            —       7,218,586         Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the             N/A            N/A
                                                                                               investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                               observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                               investment portfolio.

       4)    Derivative financial instruments
             — Interest rate swap — assets           685,971         567,793         Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A            N/A
                                                                                               that are estimated based on contractual terms,
                                                                                               discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                               risk.
             — Interest rate swap — liabilities      704,685         562,867         Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A            N/A
                                                                                               that are estimated based on contractual terms,
                                                                                               discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                               risk.
             — Equity return swap — assets          1,626,204        284,354         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                               the equity return of underlying securities
                                                                                               and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                               agreements.
             — Equity return swap — liabilities     2,308,822        144,448         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                               the equity return of underlying securities
                                                                                               and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                               agreements.
             — Stock index futures — assets           31,495               629       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Stock index futures — liabilities        3,179             1,519      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Commodity swap — assets                71,834              7,976      Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                               the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                               the reference price agreed by counterparties.
             — Commodity swap — liabilities           17,461              2,847      Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                               the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                               the reference price agreed by counterparties.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

350
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                    Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                Significant             Relationship of
                                                     December 31,
                                                                               Fair value                                                       unobservable            unobservable input to
    Financial assets/financial liabilities           2021              2020    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)             inputs                  fair value

    4)    Derivative financial instruments
          (Continued)
          — Commodity futures — assets              52,408              200       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Commodity futures — liabilities        137,945         15,541         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Option — assets                        234,403        414,352         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Option — liabilities                   655,621        887,033         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Over-the-counter option — assets       484,251        438,238         Level 3   Option pricing model.                               Historical volatility   The higher the
                                                                                                                                                of the share prices     historical volatility, the
                                                                                                                                                of the securities.      higher the fair value.
          — Over-the-counter option                739,975      1,254,466         Level 3   Option pricing model.                               Historical volatility   The higher the
            — liabilities                                                                                                                       of the share prices     historical volatility, the
                                                                                                                                                of the securities.      higher the fair value.
          — Foreign exchange contracts              48,427        166,540         Level 2   Broker quoted price.                                N/A                     N/A
            — liabilities
          — Foreign exchange contracts               2,001              295       Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are        N/A                     N/A
            — assets                                                                        estimated based on forward and contractual
                                                                                            interest rates, discounted at rates that reflects
                                                                                            the credit risk.
          — Foreign exchange contracts                  —                52       Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are        N/A                     N/A
            — liabilities                                                                   estimated based on forward and contractual
                                                                                            interest rates, discounted at rates that reflects
                                                                                            the credit risk.
          — Currency futures — assets                1,523                —       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Currency futures — liabilities            532                 —       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Commodity forward contracts              3,849             8,617      Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between          N/A                     N/A
            — assets                                                                        the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                            the reference price agreed by counterparties.
          — Commodity forward contracts                 —          12,005         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between          N/A                     N/A
            — liabilities                                                                   the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                            the reference price agreed by counterparties.
          — Credit default swap — assets             9,861             3,885      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows        The agreed return       The higher the agreed
                                                                                            that are estimated based on the difference of       rate.                   return rate, the higher
                                                                                            agreed return and expected market return.                                   the fair value.
          — Credit default swap — liabilities         345              4,735      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows        The agreed return       The higher the agreed
                                                                                            that are estimated based on the difference of       rate.                   return rate, the higher
                                                                                            agreed return and expected market return.                                   the fair value.
          — Bond forward contracts — assets           841                 —       Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows        The settlement          The higher the
                                                                                            that are calculated based on the difference         price agreed in the     settlement price, the
                                                                                            between quoted closing price and the                agreements.             higher the fair value.
                                                                                            reference price agreed by counterparties.
          — Bond forward contracts — liabilities        —          19,749         Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows        The settlement          The higher the
                                                                                            that are calculated based on the difference         price agreed in the     settlement price, the
                                                                                            between quoted closing price and the                agreements.             higher the fair value.
                                                                                            reference price agreed by counterparties.




                                                                                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                         351
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                       Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                               Significant          Relationship of
                                                        December 31,
                                                                                 Fair value                                                    unobservable         unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities           2021              2020   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs               fair value

       5)    Financial liabilities at fair value
             through profit or loss
             — Structured entities                  1,949,008      2,711,017        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the             N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                              observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                              investment portfolio.
             — Income right                                —          15,870        Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              the equity return of underlying securities
                                                                                              and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                              agreements.
             — Income right                           46,061                —       Level 3   The net asset value based on the fair value of   The fair value of    The higher the
                                                                                              the underlying investments.                      underlying assets.   underlying assets
                                                                                                                                                                    valuation, the higher
                                                                                                                                                                    the fair value.
             — Equity securities                     383,159         345,689        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                  N/A
             — Gold                                        —         312,000        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                  N/A
             — Others                                112,406         356,349        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                  N/A
             — Debt securities                     18,621,982      9,581,296        Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                              reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
             — Others                                322,197         303,874        Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              the equity return of underlying securities
                                                                                              and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                              agreements.
             — Structured notes                     1,753,125        315,956        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the             N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                              observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                              investment portfolio.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

352
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   Analysis of financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the year, by level in the fair value
   hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorized as follows:

                                                              As at December 31, 2021

                                                 Level 1          Level 2          Level 3             Total

     Financial assets

     Financial assets at fair value
     through profit or loss                  23,123,931      228,337,057       13,883,290       265,344,278

       — Debt securities                      1,963,237      151,697,356         1,377,268      155,037,861

       — Equity investments                  14,989,525        2,693,455         4,611,930       22,294,910

       — Funds                                6,067,197       17,689,264                 —       23,756,461

       — Others                                 103,972       56,256,982         7,894,092       64,255,046

     Derivative financial assets                319,829        2,389,859           494,953        3,204,641

     Debt instruments at fair value
     through other comprehensive
     income                                     681,853       39,900,470                 —       40,582,323

     Equity instruments at fair value
     through other comprehensive
     income                                   1,405,908             3,346                —        1,409,254

                                             25,531,521      270,630,732       14,378,243       310,540,496

     Financial liabilities

     Financial liabilities at fair value
     through profit or loss                     495,565       22,646,312            46,061       23,187,938

     Derivative financial liabilities           797,277        3,079,395           740,320        4,616,992

                                              1,292,842       25,725,707           786,381       27,804,930




                                                                                             2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                          353
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                As at December 31, 2020

                                                 Level 1           Level 2       Level 3         Total

        Financial assets

        Financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                20,463,652    141,361,662       11,769,750   173,595,064

          — Debt securities                    2,793,599    109,220,817        2,908,904   114,923,320

          — Equity investments                14,749,016         2,205,644     3,534,303    20,488,963

          — Funds                              2,522,865        13,035,252            —     15,558,117

          — Others                              398,172         16,899,949     5,326,543    22,624,664

        Derivative financial assets             415,181           869,035       442,123      1,726,339

        Debt instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive
        income                                 2,008,899        42,605,701            —     44,614,600

        Equity instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive
        income                                  201,739          7,218,841            —      7,420,580

                                              23,089,471    192,055,239       12,211,873   227,356,583

        Financial liabilities

        Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                 1,014,038        12,928,013            —     13,942,051

        Derivative financial liabilities        904,093           888,759      1,278,950     3,071,802

                                               1,918,131        13,816,772     1,278,950    17,013,853




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

354
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                  Financial          Financial
                                                                                     assets         liabilities

       As at January 1, 2021                                                    12,211,873         1,278,950

       Gain or losses for the year                                                 137,816             19,162

       Additions                                                                 6,435,698           436,181

       Sales and settlements                                                     (4,319,643)         (963,783)

       Transfers into Level 3                                                      611,745             15,871

       Transfers out Level 3                                                       (699,246)                —

       As at December 31, 2021                                                  14,378,243           786,381

       Total gains or losses for the year included in profit
       or loss for assets/liabilities held at the end of
       the reporting period                                                        537,497             16,617

                                                                                  Financial          Financial
                                                                                     assets         liabilities

       As at January 1, 2020                                                     3,678,679           447,518

       Gain or losses for the year                                                 931,438             63,635

       Additions                                                                 7,596,055           999,332

       Sales and settlements                                                       (518,729)         (231,535)

       Transfers into Level 3                                                      524,430                  —

       As at December 31, 2020                                                  12,211,873         1,278,950

       Total gains or losses for the year included in profit
       or loss for assets/liabilities held at the end of
       the reporting period                                                        912,140           142,759

      During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group transferred certain equity investments from
Level 3 to Level 1 primarily as these investments were no longer restricted in sales and their fair values were
measured by using quoted prices in active market without adjustments for liquidity discounts. Moreover,
certain equity investments were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 due to changes in the valuation method
from using recent market transaction prices to other valuation techniques with significant unobservable
inputs. Apart from these transfers, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there was no other
material transfers among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 for the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair
values.




                                                                                              2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                           355
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

      The Group offsets the following financial assets and financial liabilities since the Group currently has a
legally enforceable right to set off the balances, and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the
balances simultaneously.

                                                                                                 As at December 31, 2021

                                                                    Gross amounts
                                                                     of recognized                                 Related amounts not set off
                                                                           financial      Net amounts of          in the consolidated statement
                                                                          liabilities      financial assets            of financial position
                                                                          set off in          presented in
                                            Gross amounts         the consolidated       the consolidated
                                               of recognize           statement of            statement of           Financial
        Type of financial assets            financial assets     financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

        Accounts and other receivables              863,487               (575,097)               288,390            (132,995)               1,232       156,627

                                                                                                 As at December 31, 2021

                                                                    Gross amounts         Net amounts of
                                                                      of recognized               financial        Related amounts not set off
                                                                    financial assets             liabilities      in the consolidated statement
                                                                           set off in        presented in              of financial position
                                            Gross amounts         the consolidated       the consolidated
                                              of recognize             statement of          statement of           Financial                Cash
        Type of financial liabilities    financial liabilities   financial position     financial position       instruments            collateral    Net amount

        Accounts payable to brokerage
        clients                                  (9,526,255)               490,707             (9,035,548)            758,365                     —    (8,277,183)

        Other payables and accrued
        charges                                    (973,530)               557,558               (415,972)            132,995              (18,771)     (301,748)

                                               (10,499,785)              1,048,265             (9,451,520)            891,360              (18,771)   (8,578,931)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

356
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

                                                                                               As at December 31, 2020

                                                                  Gross amounts
                                                                   of recognized                                 Related amounts not set off
                                                                         financial      Net amounts of          in the consolidated statement
                                                                        liabilities      financial assets            of financial position
                                                                        set off in          presented in
                                          Gross amounts         the consolidated       the consolidated
                                             of recognize           statement of            statement of           Financial                Cash
    Type of financial assets              financial assets     financial position     financial position        instruments            collateral   Net amount

    Accounts and other receivables              1,567,266             (1,050,429)               516,837             (44,106)             (29,356)      443,375

                                                                                               As at December 31, 2020

                                                                  Gross amounts         Net amounts of           Related amounts not set off
                                                                    of recognized               financial       in the consolidated statement
                                                                  financial assets             liabilities           of financial position
                                                                         set off in        presented in
                                          Gross amounts         the consolidated       the consolidated
                                            of recognize             statement of          statement of            Financial                Cash
    Type of financial liabilities      financial liabilities   financial position     financial position        instruments            collateral   Net amount

    Accounts payable to brokerage
    clients                                    (9,494,807)             1,390,068             (8,104,739)            532,387                     —    (7,572,352)

    Other payables and accrued
    charges                                    (1,860,632)             1,050,429               (810,202)             44,106              46,426       (719,670)

                                             (11,355,439)              2,440,497             (8,914,941)            576,493              46,426     (8,292,022)




                                                                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                          357
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

      The Group has entered into master netting arrangements with counterparties for the derivative
instruments, accounts and other receivables, accounts payable to brokerage clients and other payables and
accrued changes for netting trades.
     The Group has entered into master netting arrangements with Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company
Limited for netting trades, net receivables and payables are settled on the same settlement date as the
company.
      Except for the enforceable master netting arrangements and the offsetting rights of the financial
assets under the similar agreements as disclosed above, the collateral financial assets held under resale
agreement, financial assets sold under repurchase agreement, secured loan receivables and margin accounts
receivable are disclosed in the corresponding notes and are generally not presented on a net basis in financial
position. However, assuming the fair value of the collateral is presented on net basis, the risk exposure of
the corresponding accounts will be reduced accordingly. As at December 31, 2021 and 2020, due to the fair
value of the collateral is higher than the book value of the financial instruments, collateral net exposure after
offsetting and net amount is considered not significant.


65. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

     During the year of 2020, certain investors in China Security Co., Ltd instigated civil litigations to seek
indemnities against their losses arising from misrepresentations, and lodged claims against China Security Co.,
Ltd and their directors, its subsidiary China Security & Fire Technology Co., Ltd and intermediaries including
the Company, for indemnifying their losses and the associated litigation costs, and demand China Security
& Fire Technology Co., Ltd, personnel including directors of China Security Co., Ltd and intermediaries to
undertake joint and several liabilities in respect of these indemnities. As at December 31, 2021, the Company
has received lawsuit materials and relevant notices initiated by 3,818 investors (as at December 31, 2020:
199 investors) from Shanghai Financial Court. According to the loss appraisal opinion from Shanghai Financial
Court, the aggregate loss of these investments for parallel cases involved above was RMB525 million (as
at December 31, 2020: 171 million). The impact of the above civil litigations has been considered in the
consolidated financial statements.
      As at December 31, 2021, except for the above litigations, the Group was not involved in any material
legal, arbitration or administrative proceedings that, if adversely determined, the Group expects that they
would materially adversely affect its financial position or results of operations.


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

     The following table only contains details of subsidiaries that have significant influence on the Group’s
performance, assets or liabilities. Unless otherwise stated, the type of shares held is ordinary share.

                                                                                     As at December 31

                                                                                        2021             2020

        Unlisted investments, at cost                                            18,869,797        16,930,647




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

358
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                     Proportion ownership
                                                            Place of
                                                                                          interest held
                                                            incorporation/
                                                                                        by the Company
                                        Type of             establishment/                                         Issued and
                                                                                      (As at December 31,)
                                        legal entity        date of                                                  fully paid
    Name of subsidiaries                registered          establishment               2021        2020         share capital      Principal activities
    China Merchants Securities          Limited liability   PRC/July 14, 1999        100.00%     100.00%     HK$4,103,627,390       Investment holding
    International Company Limited (i)   company
    China Merchants Securities (HK)     Limited liability   PRC/October 4, 1986      100.00%     100.00%     HK$5,500,000,000       Securities brokerage
    Co., Limited                        company
    China Merchants Futures (HK)        Limited liability   PRC/January 19, 2001     100.00%     100.00%      HK$200,000,000        Futures brokerage
    Co., Limited                        company
    China Merchants Securities          Limited liability   PRC/September 18, 2006   100.00%     100.00%      HK$400,000,000        Investment holding
    Investment Management (HK)          company
    Co., Limited
    CMS Capital (HK) Co., Limited       Limited liability   PRC/August 1, 2003       100.00%     100.00%         HK$5,000,000       Assets management
                                        company
    CMS Asset Management (HK)           Limited liability   PRC/August 13, 2008      100.00%     100.00%       HK$10,000,000        Assets management
    Co., Limited                        company
    China Merchants Futures             Limited liability   PRC/April 4, 1993        100.00%     100.00%     RMB3,598,000,000       Futures brokerage
    Co., Ltd.(i)                        company
    China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital     Limited liability   PRC/August 28, 2009      100.00%     100.00%     RMB1,800,000,000       Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd. (i)            company
    Shenzhen China Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/July 25, 2011        100.00%     100.00%        RMB3,000,000        Consulting services
    Zhiyuan Consultancy Services        company
    Co., Ltd.
    Beijing Zhiyuan Lixin Investment    Limited liability   PRC/April 23, 2013       100.00%     100.00%       RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Management Co., Ltd.*               company                                                                                     management
    Shenzhen China Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/May 29, 2013         70.00%       70.00%       RMB15,000,000        Investment
    Zhiyuan Equity Investment and       company                                                                                     management
    Funds Management Co., Ltd.
    Ganzhou China Merchants             Limited liability   PRC/June 7, 2013         100.00%     100.00%       RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Zhiyuan No. 1 Fund Management       company                                                                                     management
    Co., Ltd.*
    Ganzhou Zhaoyuan Investment         Limited liability   PRC/October 14, 2013     100.00%     100.00%       RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Management Co., Ltd.*               company                                                                                     management
    Anhui Traffic Control Merchants     Limited liability   PRC/March 4, 2015        100.00%     100.00%       RMB25,000,000        Investment
    Private Equity Fund Management      company                                                                                     management
    Co., Ltd.*




                                                                                                                                  2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                     359
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                       Proportion ownership
                                                               Place of
                                                                                            interest held
                                                               incorporation/
                                                                                          by the Company
                                           Type of             establishment/                                        Issued and
                                                                                        (As at December 31,)
                                           legal entity        date of                                                 fully paid
        Name of subsidiaries               registered          establishment              2021        2020         share capital    Principal activities
        Qingdao Guoxin Merchants           Limited liability   PRC/February 6, 2015    65.00%       65.00%       RMB10,000,000      Investment
        Private Equity Fund Management     company                                                                                  management
        Co., Ltd.*
        Shenyang China Merchants           Limited liability   PRC/July 10, 2015       70.00%       70.00%        RMB4,000,000      Investment
        Business and Development           company                                                                                  management
        Investment Management
        Co., Ltd.*
        China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   PRC/December 2, 2013    100.00%     100.00%     RMB7,100,000,000     Investment holding
        Investment Co., Ltd.(i)            company
        China Merchants Securities Asset   Limited liability   PRC/April 3, 2015       100.00%     100.00%     RMB1,000,000,000     Assets management
        Management Co., Ltd.(i)            company
        China Merchants Securities (UK)    Limited liability   UK/October 25, 2013     100.00%     100.00%        US$22,000,000     Futures brokerage
        Limited                            company
        Qingdao China Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/January 12, 2016    100.00%     100.00%       RMB10,000,000      Investment
        Zhiyuan Investment Management      company                                                                                  management
        Co., Ltd.*
        Anhui Zhiyuan Smart City Fund      Limited liability   PRC/March 15, 2016      100.00%     100.00%        RMB4,500,000      Equity fund
        Management Co., Ltd.*              company                                                                                  management,
                                                                                                                                    investment advisory
                                                                                                                                    service, investment
                                                                                                                                    management, financial
                                                                                                                                    consultancy service
        China Merchants Securities (HK)    Limited liability   PRC/May 14, 2016        100.00%     100.00%          HK$500,000      Investment and
        Finance Co., Limited               company                                                                                  financing Management
        China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   PRC/August 8, 2016      100.00%     100.00%      RMB200,000,000      Financial services
        Capital Investment Co., Ltd.*      company
        Anhui Traffic Control China        Limited liability   PRC/April 6, 2017       70.00%       70.00%       RMB15,000,000      Investment
        Merchants Fund Management          company                                                                                  management
        Co., Ltd. *
        China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   Korea/January 9, 2017   100.00%     100.00%     KRW8,523,900,000     Securities brokerage,
        (Korea) Co., Ltd.                  company                                                                                  futures brokerage
        Chizhou Zhongan China              Limited liability   PRC/November 4, 2015    72.00%       72.00%       RMB10,000,000      Investment
        Merchants Equity Investment        company                                                                                  management
        Management Co., Ltd.*




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

360
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                          Proportion ownership
                                                                   Place of
                                                                                               interest held
                                                                   incorporation/
                                                                                             by the Company
                                               Type of             establishment/                                    Issued and
                                                                                           (As at December 31,)
                                               legal entity        date of                                             fully paid
           Name of subsidiaries                registered          establishment             2021        2020      share capital      Principal activities
           Humble Easy Limited                 Limited liability   UK/January 8, 2016     98.40%       98.40%      US$5,000,000       Investment
                                               company                                                                                management
           Bliss Moment Limited                Limited liability   UK/January 8, 2016     100.00%     100.00%     US$10,000,000       Investment
                                               company                                                                                management
           CMS International Gemstone          Limited liability   UK/August 18, 2021     100.00%          N/A             US$1       Investment
           Limited                             company                                                                                management
           Sweet Blaze Holding Limited         Limited liability   UK/February 25, 2021   100.00%          N/A             US$1       Investment
                                               company                                                                                management
           True Summit International Limited   Limited liability   UK/March 24, 2021      100.00%          N/A             US$1       Investment
                                               company                                                                                management
           Mega Vantage Development            Limited liability   UK/March 24, 2021      100.00%          N/A             US$1       Investment
           Limited                             company                                                                                management
           China Opportunities Limited         Limited liability   UK/December 24, 2020   100.00%     100.00%     US$12,749,889       Assets management
                                               company

     *          English name translated is for identification purpose only.
     (i)        These subsidiaries are directly held by the Company.
    The directors of the Company considered that none of these subsidiaries has non-controlling interests
material to the group at the end of the year, and therefore there is no further information to be disclosed.




                                                                                                                                    2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                       361
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY

                                                                            As at December 31,
                                                                               2021          2020
        Non-current assets
          Property and equipment                                           1,406,056     1,462,200
          Right-of-use assets                                              1,486,022     1,468,867
          Other intangible assets                                              3,000         3,000
          Investments in subsidiaries                                     18,869,797    16,930,647
          Interests in associates                                          9,638,430     8,473,701
          Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income                                                           1,409,254     7,420,580
          Debt instruments at amortized cost                                 72,229       674,988
          Financial assets held under resale agreements                     665,863      1,238,660
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  42        41,710
          Deferred tax assets                                              1,376,609     1,645,801
          Other non-current assets                                          430,657       335,777
        Total non-current assets                                          35,357,959    39,695,931
        Current assets
          Advances to customers                                           94,637,589    77,871,977
          Accounts and other receivables                                   2,684,253     3,838,415
          Amount due from a subsidiary                                     1,104,108      891,502
          Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income                                                          39,378,364    41,926,443
          Debt instruments at amortized cost                                480,395       381,914
          Financial assets held under resale agreements                   37,971,484    50,898,293
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          232,250,838   148,916,745
          Derivative financial assets                                      3,020,670     1,693,163
          Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions      4,835,452     5,009,375
          Clearing settlement funds                                       27,394,380    22,474,293
          Cash and bank balances                                          63,563,514    63,511,323
        Total current assets                                             507,321,047   417,413,443
        Total assets                                                     542,679,006   457,109,374




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

362
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)
                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                     2021              2020
    Current liabilities
      Short-term debt instruments                                             26,539,982        36,216,758
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                   6,743,717        11,002,762
      Accounts payables to brokerage clients                                  77,130,251        69,582,590
      Accrued staff costs                                                      7,617,696         6,424,257
      Other payables and accrued charges                                      27,124,607        12,414,692
      Current tax liabilities                                                    415,290           110,049
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss              18,621,982         9,893,296
      Derivative financial liabilities                                         5,825,876         3,039,329
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                      124,305,438       114,990,873
      Lease liabilities                                                          283,551           253,506
      Provisions                                                                 128,144                377
      Bonds payables due within one year                                      32,920,742        36,939,761
    Total current liabilities                                                327,657,276       300,868,250
    Net current assets                                                       179,663,771       116,545,193
    Total assets less current liabilities                                    215,021,730       156,241,124
    Equity
      Share capital                                                            8,696,526         8,696,526
      Other equity instruments                                                15,000,000        15,000,000
      Capital reserves                                                        40,247,316        40,247,316
      Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at
      fair value through other comprehensive income                              196,857           295,852
      General reserves                                                        19,301,518        17,301,678
      Retained profits                                                        20,165,464        16,746,068
    Total equity                                                             103,607,681        98,287,440
    Non-current liabilities
      Accrued staff costs                                                        223,661           395,360
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                         —           534,126
      Deferred income                                                            116,144           119,340
      Lease liabilities                                                          872,361           865,228
      Bonds payables                                                         110,201,883        56,039,630
    Total non-current liabilities                                            111,414,049        57,953,684
    Total equity and non-current liabilities                                 215,021,730       156,241,124




                                                                                            2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                         363
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as follows

Capital reserves

      For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                                             At the
                                                         beginning                             At the end
                                                        of the year            Addition        of the year
        Capital reserves                                 40,247,316                   —        40,247,316

      For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                             At the
                                                         beginning                             At the end
                                                        of the year            Addition        of the year
        Capital reserves                                 27,460,042           12,787,274       40,247,316

     The addition in share premium includes the share premium of A-share allotment of RMB10,980,402
thousand and the share premium of H-share allotment of RMB1,806,872 thousand during the year of 2020.


Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income


                                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                                                      2021           2020
        At the beginning of the year                                               295,852        541,686
        Debt instruments at FVTOCI
          Net changes in fair value for the year                                   154,890       (165,914)
          Reclassification to profit or loss                                        (53,688)     (314,168)
          Income tax impact                                                         (25,300)      120,020
        Expected credit losses of debt instruments at FVTOCI
          Net changes in profit or loss for ECL Reclassification adjustment          (2,054)         (966)
          Income tax impact                                                            513              242
        Equity instruments at FVTOCI
          Net changes in fair value for the year                                   (220,830)      163,467
          Transfer to retained profits                                              (22,508)             —
          Income tax impact                                                         60,834        (40,867)
        Share of other comprehensive income of associates                             9,148         (7,648)
        At the end of the year                                                     196,857        295,852


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

364
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as follows (Continued)

General reserves

    For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                                           At the
                                                       beginning                               At the end
                                                      of the year           Addition           of the year

      Statutory reserve                                 5,236,148                  —            5,236,148

      General risk reserve                              6,097,171            999,920            7,097,091

      Transaction risk reserve                          5,968,359            999,920            6,968,279

                                                       17,301,678          1,999,840           19,301,518

    For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                           At the
                                                       beginning                               At the end
                                                      of the year           Addition           of the year

      Statutory reserve                                 5,236,148                  —            5,236,148

      General risk reserve                              5,236,148            861,023            6,097,171

      Transaction risk reserve                          5,107,336            861,023            5,968,359

                                                       15,579,632          1,722,046           17,301,678



Retained profits

    The movements of retained profits of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                    2021              2020

      At the beginning of the year                                           16,746,068        13,573,310

      Profit for the year                                                     9,999,200         8,610,230

      Transfer from other comprehensive income                                    22,508                 —

      Appropriation to general reserve                                        (1,999,840)       (1,722,046)

      Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                       (802,090)         (802,090)

      Dividends recognized as distribution                                    (3,800,382)       (2,913,336)

      At the end of the year                                                 20,165,464        16,746,068


                                                                                           2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                        365
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were or
future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
financing activities.

                                                     Short-term
                                                           debt        Bonds          Lease      Dividend
                                     Borrowings     instruments      payables     liabilities    payables           Total

        At January 1, 2021             3,961,652     36,216,758     92,980,628    1,260,399       592,196     135,011,633

        Cash changes

        — Cash flow from
          financing activities (i)     2,282,192    (10,299,487)    48,692,885     (341,573)    (4,615,702)    35,718,315

        — Cash flow from
          operating activities                —              —              —             —             —              —

        Non-cash changes

        — Financing cost incurred       132,002       1,024,378      4,728,369       38,360     4,615,702      10,538,811

        — Additions of leases                                                      503,662                       503,662

        — Disposal of leases                                                       (140,344)                     (140,344)

        — Exchange differences          (147,658)        (5,810)       (87,925)      (3,039)            —        (244,432)

        At December 31, 2021           6,228,188     26,935,839    146,313,957    1,317,465       592,196     181,387,645




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

366
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (Continued)

                                                           Short-term
                                                                 debt      Bonds          Lease      Dividend
                                            Borrowings    instruments    payables     liabilities    payables           Total

            At January 1, 2020               4,517,288     33,098,616   65,991,502    1,252,147       592,196     105,451,749

            Cash changes

            — Cash flow from
              financing activities (i)        (367,070)     2,125,829   24,120,787     (328,454)    (3,719,276)    21,831,816

            — Cash flow from
              operating activities             (66,197)            —            —             —             —         (66,197)

            Non-cash changes

            — Financing cost incurred          144,584       992,313     2,996,912       40,413     3,719,276       7,893,498

            — Additions of leases                                                      303,962                       303,962

            — Disposal of leases                                                           (941)                         (941)

            — Exchange differences            (266,953)            —      (128,573)      (6,728)            —        (402,254)

            At December 31, 2020             3,961,652     36,216,758   92,980,628    1,260,399       592,196     135,011,633

      (i)       The cash flows represent the proceeds from and repayment of borrowings, short-term debt instruments,
                bonds payables and interests paid in the consolidated statement of cash flows.


69. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

(1)   Bond issue

      On January 17, 2022, the Company issued the first tranche of public corporate bonds named as
“22CMG1”. The aggregate principal amount of 22CMG1 is RMB5.0 billion, its duration is 3 years and the
interest rate is 2.89% per annum.
      On March 24, 2022, the Company issued the first tranche of public perpetual subordinated bonds
named as “22 CMY1”, The aggregate principal amount of 22 CMY1 is RMB4.3 billion, its interest rate is
3.95% per annum, respectively. The interest rates for this perpetual subordinated bonds is fixed in the first
five years and repriced every five years from the 6th year onwards.


(2)   Profit distribution

      In accordance with the 2021 profit distribution plan approved in the fifteenth meeting by the seven
session of the board of directors on March 27, 2022, the Company proposed cash dividends of RMB5.40 per
10 shares (inclusive of tax) to shareholders based on 8,696,526,806 shares of total capital. The proposed
profit distribution plan is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming annual
general meeting.




                                                                                                          2021 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         367
Chapter 10: Information Disclosure of a Securities Company


I.        R elevant I n f o r m a t i o n o n t he Major Adminis trative Approvals of the
          Company

            Issuing                                                                         Date of
     No.                       Title                                Document No.
            authority                                                                       announcement

            The Securities     Reply on Matters Related to Pilot
            and Fund           Fund Investment Consultancy
                                                                    Ji Gou Bu Han [2021]
            Institution        Business of China Merchants
      1                                                             No. 1684 (機構部函          June 2, 2021
            Supervision        Securities Co., Ltd. (關於招商證券
                                                                    [2021]1684號)
            Department of      股份有限公司試點開展基金投資顧
            the CSRC           問業務有關事項的覆函)

                               Letter of Opinions on the
            The Securities
                               Rectification Plan of Shareholding
            and Fund
                               Structure of Overseas Subsidiaries   Ji Gou Bu Han [2021]
            Institution
      2                        of China Merchants Securities Co.,   No. 2473 (機構部函          August 5, 2021
            Supervision
                               Ltd. (關於招商證券股份有限公司                   [2021]2473號)
            Department of
                               境外子公司股權架構整改方案有關
            the CSRC
                               意見的函)
            The Securities     Letter on Proposed Capital
            and Fund           Increase in Hong Kong Subsidiary
                                                                    Ji Gou Bu Han [2021]
            Institution        by China Merchants Securities
      3                                                             No. 2489 (機構部函          August 10, 2021
            Supervision        Co., Ltd. (關於招商證券股份有限
                                                                    [2021]2489號)
            Department of      公司擬向香港子公司增資有關事項
            the CSRC           的函)

                               Regulatory Opinion on Application
            The Securities
                               for Pilot Business of Optimizing
            and Fund
                               Account Management Functions         Ji Gou Bu Han [2021]
            Institution                                                                     November 30,
      4                        by China Merchants Securities        No. 3749 (機構部函
            Supervision                                                                     2021
                               Co., Ltd. (關於招商證券股份有限                [2021]3749號)
            Department of
                               公司申請開展賬戶管理功能優化試
            the CSRC
                               點業務的監管意見書)



II.       Classification of the Company by the Regulatory Department

 2021                                                                                      AA (Class A)
 2020                                                                                      AA (Class A)
 2019                                                                                      AA (Class A)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

368
Address:       111 Fuhua First Road,
               Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
Telephone:     0755-82943666
Fax:           0755-82943100
Postal code:   518046
www.cmschina.com.cn
Customer Service Hotline: 95565
