                                                          CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.
                                                                                                 (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
                                                                                                 Stock code: 6099




                                                                                                 2020
Address:       111 Fuhua First Road,
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT
               Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
Telephone:     0755-82943666
Fax:           0755-82943100
Postal code:   518046
www.cmschina.com.cn
Customer Service Hotline: 95565




                                                          2020 ANNUAL REPORT
2020
ANNUAL REPORT
HUO Da
Chairman of the Board
Live up to the times and targets the future

– Statement of Huo Da, the Chairman of
the Board, for the 2020 annual report


        2020 was the year where the timeframes of the two “centenary goals” converged amid the COVID-19 pandemic and profound changes
unseen in a century. In this extraordinary year, China Merchants Securities firmly pursued the value of “serving the country with financial services”
by fighting against the pandemic, promoting reforms, controlling risks, achieving outstanding results and making every effort to facilitate pandemic
prevention and control, while endeavored to resume work and production and accomplish annual targets. Based on the established strategic
direction, the Company developed with steady progress and innovative changes.

        During the year, confronted with the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company braved difficulties and achieved an increase
in revenue and yield. The Company recorded operating income of RMB24.278 billion (according to the China Accounting Standards) and net profit
attributable to shareholders of the Company of RMB9.492 billion, both being the second best results in the Company’s history, representing a year-
on-year increase of 29.77% and 30.34%, respectively. Among the key business indicators of the Company, the ranking of net income from agency
trading of brokerage business, a “fundamental” business indicator, jumped to second among the industry, and the ranking of custody business
remained the first among the industry, while the ranking of institutional business and active AUM also steadily improved. Meanwhile, the Company
adhered to compliant and stable operations with various risks well controlled, and has been granted the AA regulatory rating under the A category
for 13 consecutive years.

       During the year, we maintained our strategic willpower, seized market opportunities, solidly broadened our advantages, bolstered up our
shortcomings, strengthened our weaknesses, and focused on building a sound foundation while aiming at substantial long-term development. In
terms of strengthening and improving wealth management, the Company comprehensively integrated resources, strengthened the development
of professional investment and research capabilities in wealth management, and forged differentiated competitive advantages. In terms of
constructing a solid foundation for the development of investment banking, we propelled the “Gazelle Incubator Project” (羚躍計劃) covering
over 100 companies, promoted the construction of modern investment banking and speeded up the “investment banking +” strategy. In terms of
promoting digital development, the Company took the lead in the industry to commence the construction of a cloud-native architecture, successfully
launched the new generation (phase one) unified counter system, speeded up the construction of the three middle platforms of operation, data and
technology, and achieved double increase in both the quantity and value of innovative projects.

        During the year, we focused on improving performance and enhancing vitality through reform. As a pilot enterprise for the “Double Hundred
Action” of state-owned enterprise reform, the Company was the first in the industry to complete the A+H shares rights issue, with net assets
surpassing RMB100 billion. Upon the release of the new regulations of the three ministries and commissions, the Company was also the first among
the industry to implement an employee stock ownership scheme. Meanwhile, the Company revised its corporate culture consensus, established the
corporate mission of “promoting the transformation and upgrade of China’s economy and helping maintain and increase the value of social wealth”,
and strived to develop foresight ahead of the rise of great opportunities to pursue greater success. The Company incorporated the notion of “reform
and innovations (招商血脈，蛇口基因)” into its core values, and strived to provoke dynamism amid severe market competition, so as to stimulate the
passion and vitality for reform and innovations.

        2021 is the first year of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, and is also the beginning of the new journey towards fully building a modern socialist
society. During the period of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, China will enter a new stage of development. Shaping a new development landscape
under new development concepts will put forward new and higher requirements for the development of financial services for the real economy.
The securities industry will also enter a stage of high-quality development and a crucial window stage for major development and differentiation.
We will vigorously promote the “spirit of reform and innovations”, forge ahead with courage, make great efforts to promote the reform of the
investment banking, wealth management and other core businesses of the Company, cultivate a young and professional team full of talents,
establish a “customer-oriented”, agile and innovative organization, promote the Company’s high-quality development in the new era, and build
China Merchants Securities into the “best investment bank in China with distinctive features, leading innovation capabilities, the highest quality and
outstanding contributions”.

       China Merchants Securities will keep pace with the times and strive to be a responsible, ambitious and capable company that will live up to
the hope of the times and the high expectations of shareholders, customers and all sectors of society. Thank you for keeping us company all the way,
and let us stride hand-in-hand into the new era and create a new future together!



                                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                   3
XIONG Jiantao
Executive Director, President
Fully enhance our overall competitiveness and
propel the Company’s development to a new stage
– Statement of Xiong Jiantao, the President,
for the 2020 annual report


       At the beginning of 2020, the sudden outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic posed a tremendous impact on the normal business development
of the Company. Nevertheless, China’s economy rebounded and recovered steadily from quarter to quarter. During the year, the reform and
innovation of the capital market also continued to deepen, furnishing better opportunities for the development of the Company. Under the solid
leadership of the Board and the joint efforts of all employees, the Company coordinated the work for pandemic prevention and control as well
as business development, and achieved the second record high annual operating results, preceded only by the results in 2015. Operating income
and net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company amounted to RMB24.278 billion (according to the China Accounting Standards)
and RMB9.492 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.77% and 30.34%, respectively. ROE was 10.85%, representing a year-on-year
increase of 1.34 percentage points. Meanwhile, the Company continued to maintain compliant and stable operations, and has been granted the AA
regulatory rating under the A category for securities firms for 13 consecutive years.

        In 2020, the Company’s highlights of operations were mainly as follows: (i) We strengthened, transformed and upgraded the three
major categories of customer service business, and continuously increased competitiveness. The benefits of business integration between
private and institutional clients were further demonstrated with upsurging growth, and the ranking of net income from agency trading business
jumped five places to be the second among the industry, hitting a record high. For our private client business, we speeded up the pace of
transformation to wealth management, proactively constructed a customer-oriented wealth management ecosystem, and continued to increase the
market share of net income from agency sale of financial products. For our institutional client business, we achieved an increase in market share of
key indicators such as trading seats leasing income, mutual funds, insurance and asset management and trading assets of private fund clients. For
our custody and outsourcing business, we ranked first among the industry for seven consecutive years, hitting a record high in terms of scale and
income, and the advantages of our leading position in the industry further expanded. For our corporate client business, we speeded up the pace
of transformation to a modern investment bank with steady growth in income, and the effect of value traction gradually emerged; (ii) For our
capital intermediary business, we actively balanced the relationship between risks and returns, and achieved steady growth in scale
and income. Interest income increased by 21% year-on-year, and the balance of margin financing and securities lending increased by 62% as
compared to the end of 2019. The ranking of interest income from stock pledge repo increased by one place to sixth. The operation remained stable,
and there were no material risk loss events throughout the year; (iii) For our investment business, the total scale and income both increased,
and the investment performance remained stable. The Company’s investment business as a whole showed a good trend of large and stable
development, and the revenue of investment and trading business increased by 14% year on year. The income from low-risk derivative investment
grew rapidly, and the number of new market-making qualifications ranked first among the industry; (iv) We adhered to leading by technology
and achieved new progress in financial technology. The construction of the new generation core business system achieved progressive
results. The “new generation (phase one) unified counter system” was officially launched and operated smoothly, which greatly enhanced business
processing efficiency and customer experience. The development of the “Zhiyuan Yi Hu Tong” (智遠一戶通) APP made huge progress, and customer
satisfaction was significantly improved. The two major projects of process reengineering and data governance also progressed smoothly; (v) We
coordinated the work for pandemic prevention and control as well as business development, and continued to maintain compliant
and stable operations. We implemented various pandemic prevention and control measures and emergency responses in a timely manner, and
proactively carried out the normalized work for pandemic prevention and control. We continued to improve the level of risk control and compliance,
and maintained various risk losses at a low level.

        2021 is the first year of China’s “14th Five-Year Plan”, and is also a crucial year for the Company to implement the new five-year reform
strategy. The Company will actively strengthen service transformation, enhance asset allocation and reinforce business synergy to implement the
core business development strategies. The Company will also continuously promote management enhancement, foster mechanism reform, advance
technology leadership and bolster cultural construction to further stimulate the vitality for development. We believe that, with the strong support of
shareholders and all sectors of society, under the solid leadership of the Board and the joint efforts of all employees, China Merchants Securities will
continue to maintain a favorable development momentum and achieve further improvement in overall competitiveness, so as to better promote the
transformation and upgrade of China’s economy, help maintain and increase the value of social wealth, and take a new and solid step on the journey
of building China’s best investment bank!




                                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                     5
Important Notice


     I. The Board, the Supervisory Committee, Director(s), Supervisor(s) and senior management of
the Company undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete
and contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and assume joint and
several liabilities to the information in this report.
     II. All Directors of the Company attended the Board meeting.
    III. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
have issued standard unqualified auditor’s reports for the Company.
    IV. HUO Da, officer in charge of the Company, ZHAO Bin, officer in charge of accounting
matters of the Company, and HE Min, officer in charge of the accounting office of the Company
(head of accounting department), hereby warrant that the financial statements contained in this
report are true, accurate and complete.
     V. Proposal on profit distribution or capitalization of common reserve for the Reporting Period
reviewed and considered by the Board
     The proposal on profit distribution for 2020 is as follow: The Company will not allocate profit to the
statutory reserve for the year. Based on the total share capital registered on the equity registration date of the
implementation of the equity distribution, a cash dividend of RMB4.37 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares will
be distributed to all shareholders, no bonus shares will be distributed, and no capital reserve will be converted
to share capital.
     Based on the total number of shares of the Company of 8,696,526,806 shares as of December 31, 2020,
the total distributed profit is RMB3,800,382,214.22. If the Company's total share capital changes on the date
of equity distribution, the Company will keep the total distribution unchanged and adjust the distribution per
share accordingly.
     Such cash dividend will be denominated and declared in RMB and paid to A Shareholders in RMB and
to H Shareholders in Hong Kong dollar. The actual amount of dividend paid in Hong Kong dollar will be
determined based on the average exchange rate of RMB and Hong Kong dollar published by the People’s Bank
of China for the five business days immediately before the date of the 2020 annual general meeting of the
Company.
     VI. Risks Statement relating to forward-looking statements
     Forward-looking statements, such as future plans and development strategies, contained in this annual
report do not constitute any substantive commitments of the Company to investors. Investors should be aware
of the investment risks.
      VII. Whether there is appropriation of the Company’s funds by the controlling shareholder and
its associates for non-operating purposes
     No
     VIII. Whether there is provision of guarantee by the Company in favour of any third party in
violation of the prescribed decision-making procedures
     No
     IX. Whether there are more than half of the Directors who cannot undertake that the
information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete
     No




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

6
                                                                                       Important Notice



     X. The Company prepared this report in both English and Chinese versions. In the event of any
discrepancy in the interpretation between the English version and Chinese version of this report,
the Chinese version shall prevail.
     XI. Warning on material risks
     The business, financial position and operating results of the Company may be susceptible to the general
economic and market conditions in China and other regions where the relevant businesses are operated in
various aspects.
      The Company is primarily exposed to the following risks: securities industry is highly regulated and
relevant rules and regulations could be revised from time to time based on the development of the securities
markets. New rules and regulations, and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of the existing rules
and regulations, may directly impact our business strategies and prospects, or could result in limitations on
the business areas that we may conduct, modifications to our business practices or additional costs, which
may adversely affect our ability to compete with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. If we
are unable to fulfill the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirement in a timely manner, we may
be exposed to legal and compliance risks; we are subject to credit risk associated with economic loss caused
by the failure of the borrower or the counterparty to fulfill their contractual obligations; we face market
risk arising from the losses on our portfolio due to adverse changes in relevant markets; we are exposed to
operational risks arising from imperfect or defective internal procedures, employees and systems or external
events; we face liquidity risk that we might not be able to get timely capital injection at reasonable costs to
repay debts that are due, fulfill other payment obligations or satisfy other capital needs for normal business
operation; we are subject to reputational risk arising from the negative publicity against the Company from
stakeholders due to the operation, management or other acts of the Company or external events; and we are
exposed to foreign exchange rate risks due to the operation of international business.
     To cope with the above risks, the Company has adopted preventive measures in respect of the
organisational structure, systems, indicators, risk management culture and IT system. For details, please see
“Potential risks” in Chapter 4 of this report.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              7
Contents


Chapter 1     Definitions                                                 9
Chapter 2     Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators             12
Chapter 3     Summary of Operation                                       34
Chapter 4     Report of the Board of Directors                           36
Chapter 5     Major Events                                               86
Chapter 6     Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders               116
Chapter 7     Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees   132
Chapter 8     Corporate Governance Report                               172
Chapter 9     Corporate Bonds                                           216
Chapter 10 Financial Report                                             232
Chapter 11 Documents Available for Inspection                           391
Chapter 12 Information Disclosure of a Securities Company               392




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

8
                                                              Chapter 1: Definitions


I.   Definitions

    In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the
meanings set forth below:

                                     Common terms and expressions

      “Company Law”                     the Company Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國公司法》)
      “Securities Law”                  the Securities Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國證券法》)
                                        the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co.,
      “Articles of Association”
                                        Ltd.

                                        China Securities Regulatory Commission (中國證券監督管理委員
      “CSRC”
                                        會)
      “SFC”                             the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong

      “CSRC Shenzhen Office”            the Shenzhen office of the CSRC

                                        State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
      “SASAC”
                                        of the State Council (國務院國有資產監督管理委員會)
      “Exchanges”                       the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange

      “SSE”                             the Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所)
      “SZSE”                            the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (深圳證券交易所)
                                        http://www.sse.com.cn, the website of the Shanghai Stock
      “SSE website”
                                        Exchange

      “CSDC”                            China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited

      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange         http://www.hkexnews.hk, the website of The Stock Exchange of
      website”                          Hong Kong Limited

                                        China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司), a
                                        joint stock company incorporated under the PRC laws with limited
                                        liability as a corporate legal person in August 1993, the H Shares
      “our Group”                       of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
                                        (stock code: 6099) and the A Shares of which is listed on the
                                        Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600999) and its controlled
                                        subsidiaries

                                        http://www.cmschina.com, the website of China Merchants
      “Company’s website”
                                        Securities Co., Ltd.

      “China Merchants Group”           China Merchants Group Limited (招商局集團有限公司)

                                        China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市
      “CM Finance Investment”
                                        招融投資控股有限公司)




                                                                                        2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         9
Chapter 1: Definitions




                                       Common terms and expressions

                                         Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市集盛
       “Jisheng Investment”
                                         投資發展有限公司)
       “China Ocean Shipping”            China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd. (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)
       “China Merchants Bank”            China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行股份有限公司)

                                         China Merchants Securities International Company Limited (招商
       “CMS International”
                                         證券國際有限公司)
       “China Merchants Futures”         China Merchants Futures Co., Limited (招商期貨有限公司)

                                         China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (招商致遠
       “CMS Zhiyuan”
                                         資本投資有限公司)

                                         China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (招商證券投資有
       “CMS Investment”
                                         限公司)

                                         China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (招商證
       “CMS Asset Management”
                                         券資產管理有限公司)
       “Bosera Funds”                    Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited (博時基金管理有限公司)

                                         China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (招商基金管理有限
       “China Merchants Fund”
                                         公司)
       “ECT”                             E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd (証通股份有限公司)

                                         Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. (上
       “Shanghai Brilliance”
                                         海新世紀資信評估投資服務有限公司)

                                         China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. (中誠信國際
       “CCXI”
                                         信用評級有限責任公司)

                                         China Chengxin Securities Rating Co., Ltd. (中誠信證券評估有限
       “CCXR”
                                         公司)
       “Huatai United Securities”        Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. (華泰聯合證券有限責任公司)
       “Everbright Securities”           Everbright Securities Company Limited (光大證券股份有限公司)
       “China Galaxy”                    China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (中國銀河證券股份有限公司)
       “Essence Securities”              Essence Securities Co., Ltd. (安信證券股份有限公司)
       “Kaiyuan Securities”              Kaiyuan Securities Co., Ltd. (開源證券股份有限公司)

                                         China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商
       “CM Shekou”
                                         局蛇口工業區控股股份有限公司)
                                         the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
       “Hong Kong Listing Rules”
                                         Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time)

                                         Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
       “Model Code”
                                         Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

                                         the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
       “SFO”
                                         Hong Kong)


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

10
                                                                    Chapter 1: Definitions




                               Common terms and expressions

                                 domestic share(s) in the ordinary share capital of our Company
“A Share(s)”                     with a nominal value of RMB 1.00 each, which are listed on the
                                 SSE (stock code: 600999)

                                 overseas-listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of
“H Share(s)”                     our Company with a nominal value of RMB 1.00 each, which are
                                 listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 6099)

“A Shareholder(s)”               holders of A Shares

“H Shareholder(s)”               holders of H Shares

“the Reporting Period”, “the
                                 from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020
Current Period”

“Previous Period”                from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019

“RMB”, “RMB 10,000”, and         Renminbi 1 Yuan, Renminbi 10,000 Yuan and Renminbi 100
“RMB100 million”                 million Yuan

                                 The National Equities Exchange and Quotations for medium and
“NEEQ”
                                 small-sized enterprises

“STAR Market”                    science and technology Innovation Board of SSE

“VaR”                            Value at Risk

“APP”                            Application

“IT”                             Information Technology

“IPO”                            Initial Public Offering

“CIRC”                           China Insurance Regulatory Commission

“CBIRC”                          China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission




                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                11
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators


I.   Corporate Information

       Chinese name of the Company                                  招商證券股份有限公司
       Abbreviation                                                 招商證券
       English name of the Company                                  CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO.,LTD
       Abbreviation                                                 CMS
       Legal representative of the Company                          HUO Da
       General manager of the Company                               XIONG Jiantao
       Authorized representatives of the Company                    WU Huifeng, PENG Lei



     Registered Capital and Net Capital of the Company

                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB

                                                                               As at the end of                       As at the end of
                                                                          the Reporting Period                               Last Year
       Registered capital                                                        8,696,526,806.00                     6,699,409,329.00
       Net capital                                                             58,654,486,820.65                  48,651,440,529.94



     Business Qualifications of the Company

     China Merchants Securities is a member of the Securities Association of China (Membership code:
185053), Shanghai Stock Exchange (Membership code: 0037) and Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Membership
code: 000011). Qualifications of each of the business lines are as follows:

       No.                      Qualification                                     Approval authority                     Date of approval
              Issuer of credit protection warrants launched in
       1                                                            Shenzhen Stock Exchange                             November 2020
              Shenzhen Stock Exchange
              Standard forward contract on bond of
       2                                                            Shanghai Clearing House                             October 2020
              Agricultural Development Bank of China
       3      Interest option business                              China Foreign Exchange Trading Center               March 2020
       4      Market maker of stock index options                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision     December 2019
       5      Lead market maker of the CSI 300 ETF options          Shenzhen Stock Exchange                             December 2019
              Trading authority for access to stock options
       6                                                            Shenzhen Stock Exchange                             December 2019
              business
       7      Sale and settlement of foreign exchange business      State Administration of Foreign Exchange            August 2019
              Participation in securities refinancing of the STAR
       8                                                            China Securities Finance Co., Ltd                   July 2019
              Market
       9      Market maker of treasury bond futures                 The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision     May 2019




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

12
                             Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



No.                     Qualification                                    Approval authority                    Date of approval
10    Credit protection contract business                  Shanghai Stock Exchange                            February 2019
11    Lead market maker of listed funds business           Shanghai Stock Exchange                            February 2019
12    Credit derivatives business                          The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision    December 2018
13    Market maker of crude oil futures business           Shanghai International Energy Exchange             October 2018
14    Market maker of nickel futures                       Shanghai Futures Exchange                          October 2018
15    Market maker of copper options                       Shanghai Futures Exchange                          September 2018
16    Dealer of OTC options business                       Securities Association of China                    August 2018
      Market maker of Bond Connect “Northbound
17                                                         China Foreign Exchange Trading Center              July 2018
      Trading”
                                                           The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
18    Conducting pilot cross-border businesses                                                                April 2018
                                                           Department of the CSRC
                                                           National Association of Financial Market
19    Core dealer of credit risk mitigation instruments                                                       January 2017
                                                           Institutional Investors
      Qualification to issue credit risk mitigation        National Association of Financial Market
20                                                                                                            January 2017
      certificates                                         Institutional Investors
                                                           National Association of Financial Market
21    Qualification to issue credit-linked notes                                                              January 2017
                                                           Institutional Investors
      Non-bank member of the Shanghai Commercial           General Administration Department of the
22                                                                                                            November 2016
      Paper Exchange                                       People’s Bank of China
      Trading authority for access to Southbound
23    Trading business under Shenzhen-Hong Kong            Shenzhen Stock Exchange                            November 2016
      Stock Connect
      Approval for provision of online account opening     The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
24                                                                                                            April 2015
      service                                              Department of the CSRC
      Ordinary member for centralized settlement of
25                                                         Shanghai Clearing House                            April 2015
      standard forward bond
      Approval for financing through exercising
26                                                         Shenzhen Stock Exchange                            March 2015
      incentive share options of listed companies
                                                           The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
27    Licence for spot gold proprietary trading business                                                      March 2015
                                                           Department of the CSRC
      Licence for providing payment services for           China Securities Investor Protection Fund
28                                                                                                            March 2015
      customers’ funds                                     Corporation Limited
29    Licence for stock options market-making business     CSRC                                               January 2015
      Licence for market-making business for SSE 50
30                                                         Shanghai Stock Exchange                            January 2015
      ETF options trading
31    Proprietary trading of stock options                 Shanghai Stock Exchange                            January 2015
                                                           China Securities Depository and Clearing
32    Licence for options settlement                                                                          January 2015
                                                           Corporation Limited
      Stock options trading participant on the Shanghai
33                                                         Shanghai Stock Exchange                            January 2015
      Stock Exchange




                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                               13
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



       No.                      Qualification                                      Approval authority               Date of approval
       34     Licence for pilot online securities business           Securities Association of China                November 2014
              Trading authority for access to Southbound
       35                                                            Shanghai Stock Exchange                        October 2014
              Trading business
              Ordinary member of Interbank Market Clearing
       36     House Co., Ltd. for centralised settlement of RMB      Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd.      June 2014
              interest rate swaps
              Qualification of lead manager business
       37                                                            NEEQ Co., Ltd.                                 June 2014
              (market-making business)
       38     Licence for OTC options trading business               Securities Association of China                February 2014
              Ordinary member for centralized settlement of
       39                                                            Shanghai Clearing House                        February 2014
              interest swap
              Licence for securities investment fund custody
       40                                                            CSRC                                           January 2014
              business
                                                                     The Registration and Custody Department
              Qualification for agency business of securities
       41                                                            of China Securities Depository and Clearing    July 2013
              pledge registration
                                                                     Corporation Limited
       42     Authority for stock-pledged repo business              Shanghai Stock Exchange                        June 2013
       43     Authority for stock-pledged repo                       Shenzhen Stock Exchange                        June 2013
       44     Participation in interest rate swap transactions       CSRC Shenzhen Office                           May 2013
                                                                                                                    April 2013 (latest
              Permit for conducting insurance agency                                                                  certificate
       45                                                            CIRC (now known as CBIRC)
              businesses                                                                                              obtained in April
                                                                                                                      2020)
              Qualification of lead manager business
       46                                                            NEEQ Co., Ltd.                                 March 2013
              (recommendation and brokerage businesses)
       47     Licence for OTC trading business                       Securities Association of China                February 2013
                                                                     The Institution Supervision Department (now
       48     Licence for equity total return swap business          known as the Securities and Fund Institution   January 2013
                                                                     Supervision Department) of the CSRC)
              Licence for special institutional client business of
       49                                                            CIRC (now known as CBIRC)                      January 2013
              insurance companies
       50     Qualification for sale of financial products           CSRC Shenzhen Office                           December 2012
              Qualification of lead underwriting debt financing      National Association of Financial Market
       51                                                                                                           November 2012
              instruments of non-financial enterprises               Institutional Investors
                                                                     The Institution Supervision Department (now
              Qualification to provide comprehensive custodian
       52                                                            known as the Securities and Fund Institution   October 2012
              services for private investment funds
                                                                     Supervision Department) of the CSRC
       53     Licence for margin and securities refinancing          China Securities Finance Co., Ltd              August 2012
              Qualification of underwriting private placement
       54                                                            Securities Association of China                June 2012
              bonds of small and medium enterprises




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

14
                             Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



No.                     Qualification                                      Approval authority                    Date of approval
55    Licence for stock repurchase business                  CSRC                                               May 2012
                                                             The Institution Supervision Department (now
      Qualification for dealer-quoted bond pledged
56                                                           known as the Securities and Fund Institution       January 2012
      repo transactions
                                                             Supervision Department) of the CSRC
      Qualification for third-party custodian services for
57                                                           CSRC Shenzhen Office                               June 2011
      one customer — multiple bank services
58    Ordinary member for settlement                         Shanghai Clearing House                            November 2010
      Qualification for margin financing and securities
59                                                           CSRC                                               June 2010
      lending business
60    Licence for direct investment business                 CSRC                                               August 2009
      Qualification for intermediary introduction
61                                                           CSRC                                               February 2008
      business for China Merchants Futures
      Category A clearing participant of China
                                                             China Securities Depository and Clearing
62    Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation                                                            February 2008
                                                             Corporation Limited
      Limited
      Licence for overseas securities investment
63                                                           CSRC                                               August 2007
      management business
      Primary dealer on the integrated e-platform for
64    fixed income securities of the Shanghai Stock          Shanghai Stock Exchange                            July 2007
      Exchange
                                                                                                                December 2006
      Permit for foreign exchange operation in the                                                                (latest certificate
65                                                           State Administration of Foreign Exchange
      securities business                                                                                         obtained in
                                                                                                                  November 2012)
      Clearing participant of China Securities               China Securities Depository and Clearing
66                                                                                                              March 2006
      Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited            Corporation Limited
      Primary dealer of SSE 180 Index Exchange Traded
67                                                           Shanghai Stock Exchange                            March 2006
      Fund
68    Qualification for quote transfer business              Securities Association of China                    January 2006
      Licence for underwriting business of commercial
69                                                           The People’s Bank of China                         July 2005
      paper
      Qualification for operation of foreign shares
70                                                           CSRC                                               September 2002
      business
      Qualification for open-end securities investment
71                                                           CSRC                                               August 2002
      fund consignment business
      Qualification for trusted investment management
72                                                           CSRC                                               May 2002
      business
73    Qualification for online securities agency business    CSRC                                               February 2001
                                                             General Administration Department of the
74    Qualified member of interbank market                                                                      September 1999
                                                             People’s Bank of China
      Qualifications for RMB special stocks business
75                                                           Shanghai Securities Management Office              November 1996
      (unrestricted) in Shanghai
                                                             Shenzhen Office of the State Administration of
76    Licence for starting foreign exchange business                                                            October 1996
                                                             Foreign Exchange
      Pilot unit of equity trading agency system for         Property Right Transfer Leading Group Office of
77                                                                                                              January 1996
      non-listed companies                                   the Shenzhen Municipal Government
78    Licence for starting proprietary business              Shenzhen Securities Management Office              August 1993

                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                   15
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     Qualifications of CMS International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

       No.                      Qualification                                 Approval authority               Date of approval

       1      Licence for dealing in futures contracts           SFC                                          June 2014

       2      Licence for advising on futures contracts          SFC                                          June 2014

       3      Licence for asset management                       SFC                                          March 2010

       4      Licence for dealing in securities                  SFC                                          February 2009

       5      Licence for advising on securities                 SFC                                          February 2009

       6      Licence for advising on corporate finance          SFC                                          February 2009

     Qualifications of China Merchants Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

       No.                      Qualification                                 Approval authority              Date of approval

       1      Market maker of liquified gas futures              Dalian Commodity Exchange                    December 2020

       2      Market maker of natural rubber futures             Shanghai Futures Exchange                    June 2020

       3      Market maker business                              China Futures Association                    March 2018

              Member of Shanghai International Energy
       4                                                         Shanghai International Energy Exchange       May 2017
              Exchange

       5      Licence for basis trading                          China Futures Association                    April 2017

       6      Licence for OTC derivatives business               China Futures Association                    April 2017

       7      Licence for warehouse receipt services             China Futures Association                    December 2016

       8      Filing for entry of the interbank bond market      The People’s Bank of China                   July 2016

                                                                                                              August 2014
              Licence for commodities futures brokerage,
                                                                                                                (latest certificate
       9      financial brokerage and futures investment         CSRC
                                                                                                                obtained in
              consulting
                                                                                                                November 2020)

       10     Licence for asset management                       CSRC                                         March 2013

       11     Licence for futures investment consultancy         CSRC                                         August 2011

       12     Member of Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange             Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                 March 2009

       13     Member of Dalian Commodity Exchange                Dalian Commodity Exchange                    December 2008

       14     Member of Shanghai Futures Exchange                Shanghai Futures Exchange                    October 2008

              Clearing and Settlement Member of China
       15                                                        China Financial Futures Exchange Co., Ltd.   December 2007
                 Financial Futures Exchange

       16     Licence for financial futures trading settlement   CSRC                                         November 2007




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

16
                                     Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      Qualification of CMS Zhiyuan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

       No.                      Qualification                                    Approval authority                 Date of approval

              Private investment fund subsidiary of a securities
       1                                                           Securities Association of China                 April 2017
              firm

      Qualifications of CMS Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are as follows:

       No.                      Qualification                                    Approval authority                 Date of approval

                                                                   Shenzhen Joint Meeting Office of the Pilot
              Pilot scheme for overseas investment of              Scheme for Overseas Investment of Qualified
       1                                                                                                           November 2015
              qualified domestic investors                         Domestic Investors (深圳市合格境內投資者境外
                                                                   投資試點工作聯席會議辦公室)
              Qualification for securities asset management
       2      business and qualified domestic institutional        CSRC                                            January 2015
              investors



II.   Contact Persons and Contact Methods

                                          Secretary to the Board                           Representative of Securities Affairs

       Name                  WU Huifeng                                               LUO Li

       Correspondence        No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian            No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
       address               District, Shenzhen, the PRC                              District, Shenzhen, the PRC

       Telephone             0755-82943666                                            0755-82960432

       Fax                   0755-82944669                                            0755-82944669

       E-mail address        IR@cmschina.com.cn                                       luoli@cmschina.com.cn

                                                                   Joint Company Secretaries

       Name                  WU Huifeng                                               KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne

       Correspondence        No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian            40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
       address               District, Shenzhen, the PRC                              Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong




                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                   17
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



III. Basic Information

                                                           No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
       Registered address of the Company
                                                           District, Shenzhen, the PRC

       Postal code                                         518046

                                                           No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
       Office address of the Company
                                                           District, Shenzhen, the PRC

       Postal code                                         518046

                                                           48/F, One Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place,
       Principal place of business in Hong Kong
                                                           Central, Hong Kong

       Company’s website                                   http://www.cmschina.com

       E-mail address                                      IR@cmschina.com.cn



IV. Information Disclosure and Place of Document Inspection

                                                           China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities
       Designated media for information disclosure
                                                           News, Securities Times, Securities Daily

       Website designated by the CSRC for annual
                                                           http://www.sse.com.cn
       report publication

       Website designated by the Hong Kong Stock
                                                           http://www.hkexnews.hk
       Exchange for annual report publishing

       Place for inspection of the Company’s annual        No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
       reports                                             District, Shenzhen, the PRC



V. Information on the Company’s Shares

                                        Information on the Company’s Shares

                          Exchange at which the         Stock                               Previous stock
           Classes                                                       Stock code
                             shares are listed       abbreviation                            abbreviation

       A Shares           SSE                     CMS                 600999              —

                          Hong Kong Stock
       H Shares                                   CMS                 6099                —
                          Exchange




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

18
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



 VI. Other Information

 (I)   History of the Company, including the reform and reorganization, capital increase and share
       capital enlargement in previous years

       The predecessor of the Company is the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank. On August
 3,1991, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China (Shenzhen branch) pursuant to the Notice on the
 Approval for Trial Operation of the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank ([1991] Shen Ren Yin
 Fa Zi No.140) (《 關於同意招商銀行證券業務部試營業的通知》([1991]深人銀發字第140號)), the Securities
 Department of China Merchants Bank was incorporated upon registration with the Shenzhen Administration
 for Industry and Commerce.
      On August 1, 1993, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China (Shenzhen branch) pursuant to
 the Approval for the Granting of Level 2 Legal Person Qualification to All Securities Business Department in
 Shenzhen (Shen Ren Yin Fu Zi [1993] No. 394) (《關於同意賦予各深圳證券業務部二級法人資格的批覆》(深人
 銀覆字[1993]第394號)), the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank was permitted by the Shenzhen
 Administration for Industry and Commerce to be incorporated as a legal person and became a level 2 legal
 person under China Merchants Bank with a registered capital of RMB25 million.
       On August 26, 1994, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China pursuant to the Approval for
 the Incorporation of CMB Securities Company (Yin Fu [1994] No.161) (《關於成立招銀證券公司的批覆》(銀
 覆[1994] 161號)) and the permission by the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, China
 Merchants Bank, building on its Securities Department, established Shenzhen CMB Securities Company with a
 registered capital of RMB150 million. On September 28, 1994, the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and
 Commerce permitted Shenzhen CMB Securities Company to change its name to CMB Securities Company (招
 銀證券公司).
     On November 6, 1998, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China pursuant to the Approval for the
Reformed Structure and Capital Increase of CMB Securities Company (招銀證券公司) (Yin Fu [1997] No.529)
《關於招銀證券公司增資改制的批覆》((銀覆[1997] 529號)) and the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the
Reformed Structure and Capital Increase and Change of Name of CMB Securities Company (招銀證券公司)
(Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [1998] No. 27) (《關於同意招銀證券公司增資改制、更名的批覆》(證監機構字[1998] 27
號)) and with the permission of the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, CMB Securities
Company introduced 11 new shareholders for the purpose of capital increase and structure reform, and
changed its name to Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司). Its registered
capital increased from RMB150 million to RMB800 million. China Merchants Bank contributed to the capital
by means of the net assets of CMB Securities Company while the 11 new shareholders contributed to the
capital by means of cash.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         19
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      On August 31, 2000, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Capital Increase of
Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [2000] No.15) (《關於核准國通證券有限責任公
司增資擴股的批覆》(證監機構字[2000] 15號)) and the permission of the Shenzhen Administration for Industry
and Commerce, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司) increased its capital.
With a total of RMB1.4 billion capital injection made by 12 shareholders including China Merchants Bank, the
registered capital of the Company increased to RMB2.2 billion.
     From 2000 to 2001, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company underwent various equity transfers,
and the number of its shareholders increased from 12 to 40.
      On December 26, 2001, being approved by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC pursuant to the Approval
for the Relevant Issues on State-owned Shares Management by Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有
限公司) (Cai Qi [2001] No. 723) (《關於國通證券股份有限公司(籌)國有股權管理有關問題的批覆》(財企[2001]
723號)), the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Change of Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company
(國通證券有限責任公司) to a Joint Stock Limited Company (Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [2001] No. 285) (《關於同意
國通證券有限責任公司改制為股份有限公司的批覆》(證監機構字[2001] 285號)), the Municipal Government
of Shenzhen pursuant to the Approval for Shareholding Structure Reform by Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國
通證券股份有限公司) (Shen Fu Gu [2001] No. 49) (《 關於整體改組設立國通證券股份有限公司的批覆》(深府
股[2001] 49號)), and the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, Guotong Securities Limited
Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司) reformed its company structure and changed its name to Guotong
Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司). The 40 shareholders of Guotong Securities Limited Liability
Company, as the promoters, converted the audited net asset of Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company
as at December 31, 2000 on a 1:1 basis into the capital of the joint-stock company comprising a total of
2,400,280,638 shares, forming a registered capital of RMB2,400,280,638. The domicile was at 8/F-11/F, Block
East, Huaqiang Jiahe Building, No. 34 Shennan Central Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC.
      On June 28, 2002, being approved by the CSRC pursuant to the Reply on the Filing of Guotong Securities
Co., Ltd. for the Changes of Name and Business Address (Ji Gou Bu Bu Han [2002] No. 120) (《關於國通證券
股份有限公司更名、遷址有關材料備案的回函》(機構部部函[2002] 120號)) and the Shenzhen Administration
for Industry and Commerce, Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) was renamed as China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司) and the domicile was changed to 38/F-45/F, Block A,
Jiangsu Building, Yitian Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC.
     In 2006, being approved by the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Reduction of Shares and
Capital Increase of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., (Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [2006] No. 179) (《關於招商
證券股份有限公司縮股並增資擴股的批覆》(證監機構字[2006] 179號)) and the Shenzhen Administration for
Industry and Commerce, the Company conducted share reduction and capital increase. Based on the audited
net assets as at December 31, 2005, the total share capital was reduced from 2,400,280,638 shares to
1,726,915,266 shares. Following the reduction, seven shareholders subscribed the newly issued 1.5 billion
shares, which increased the share capital and the registered capital of the Company to 3,226,915,266 shares
and RMB3,226,915,266, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

20
                             Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      On November 17, 2009, being approved by the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Initial Public
Offering of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2009] No. 1132) (《關於核准招商證券
股份有限公司首次公開發行股票的批覆》(證監許可[2009] 1132號)) and the SSE pursuant to the Notice on
the Listing and Trading of RMB Ordinary Shares of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., (Shang Zheng Fa Zi
[2009] No. 18) (《關於招商證券股份有限公司人民幣普通股股票上市交易的通知》(上證發字[2009] 18號)), the
Company launched its initial public offering of 358,546,141 A Shares on the SSE, among which 286,837,000
shares and 71,709,141 shares were subscribed and settled online and offline, respectively. With an offer
price of RMB31 per share, the Company raised a total of RMB11.115 billion and received a net proceeds of
RMB10.883 billion after deducting offering expenses of RMB232 million. Following the completion of the
offering, the total share capital of the Company increased from 3,226,915,266 shares to 3,585,461,407
shares.
     In July 2011, the Company converted its capital reserve into shares on the basis of three shares for
every ten shares, through which the total share capital of the Company increased by 1,075,638,422 shares to
4,661,099,829 shares from 3,585,461,407 shares.
     In May 2014, being approved by the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Private Placement of Shares
of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2014] No. 455) (《關於核准招商證券股份有限公
司非公開發行股票的批覆》(證監許可[2014] 455號)), the Company issued 1,147,035,700 shares (A Shares)
at RMB9.72 each by way of private placement, raising a total of RMB11,149,187,004.00 and receiving
a net proceeds of RMB11,101,736,135.93 after deducting the offering expenses of RMB47,450,868.07.
The new shares were registered and deposited with Shanghai office of the CSDC on May 27, 2014. On
October 15, 2014, the Company completed the registration for the increase of the registered capital to
RMB5,808,135,529.
      On October 7, 2016, the Company completed the public issuance of overseas-listed foreign shares (H
Shares) at an offer price of HK$12.00 per share, raising total proceeds of HK$10,695,285,600.00. After
deducting the offering expenses, the net proceeds amounted to RMB8,947,439,178.14. On the same
day, being approved by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company issued 891,273,800 overseas-listed
foreign shares (H Shares) for the listing and trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Following the offering, the total share capital of the Company has increased from 5,808,135,529 shares to
6,699,422,311 shares. Due to a change in the shareholding by Liaoneng Holdings, an original state-owned
shareholder of the Company, the deregistration for 12,982 A Shares which should have been transferred by
it has not yet completed.
      On March 27, 2017, the deregistration for 12,982 A Shares held by Liaoneng Holdings, an original
state-owned shareholder of the Company, was completed. Total share capital of the Company was changed
to 6,699,409,329 shares. For details, please see the Announcement on the Replenishment of State-owned
Shares for Fulfilment of Transfer Obligation by Liaoneng Holdings, an Original State-owned Shareholder (《關
於原國有股東遼寧遼能實業有限公司補充履行國有股轉持義務的公告》) of the Company dated March 27,
2017 published on the SSE website. On May 17, 2017, the Company completed the increase of its registered
capital to RMB6,699,409,329.




                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                       21
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



    In November and December 2018, the registered address and office address has been changed to
“No.111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC (中國深圳市福田區福田街道福華一
路111號)”.
      As approved under CSRC Approval [2020] No. 723 and [2019] No. 1946, the Company has successfully
completed the A share and H share rights issue in July and August, 2020, respectively. In the rights issue,
1,702,997,123 RMB ordinary shares have been issued to the existing A shareholders and 294,120,354 H
shares have been issued to the qualified existing H shareholders. Upon the issuance, the total share capital of
the Company increased from 6,699,409,329 shares to 8,696,526,806 shares. The A shares and H shares of
the Company issued under the Rights Issue have been listed and traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 31, 2020 and August 20, 2020 respectively. The total proceeds raised
from the A share rights issue and the H share rights issue amounted to RMB12.704 billion and HK$2.407
billion, respectively. The net proceeds from the rights issue after deducting issue related expenses amounted
to RMB12.683 billion and HK$2.349 billion, respectively. In December 2020, upon completion of registration
for the change of registered capital, the Company’s share capital increased from RMB6,699,409,329 to
RMB8,696,526,806.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

22
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Audit Department



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ECT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Investment Banking




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Associated Companies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Inspection Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Guangdong Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Exchange Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Legal and Compliance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Bosera Funds                     Department



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  China Merchants Fund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Risk Management Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Commission for Discipline Inspection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Office/Supervision Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CMS Investment




                                                                                                                                                             Supervisory Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                               Nomination Committee   Controlled Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CMS Zhiyuan

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration and


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategy Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Party Committee Office

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk Management


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  China Merchants Futures


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Appraisal Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Technological Innovation Office

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  CMS Asset Management




                                     As at the end of the Reporting Period, our corporate organizational structure was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      General Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    CMS International



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Capital Management Department




                                                                                                                                     Shareholders’ meeting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Departments and Offices
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Finance Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Human Resources Department



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Shanghai Pilot Free
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Trade Zore Branch      Strategic Development Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             IT Management Committee                                                        Collaborative Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                     Strategy Execution                    Risk Management                                                       Innovative Development                                                     Investment Banking   Confidentiality
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Guangdong Branch

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             International Business Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                         Committee                             Committee                                                                                                                                        Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Hubei Branch


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Shandong Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      IT Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Xibei Branch

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Operation Management Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Anhui Branch




Corporate organizational structure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Jiangsu Branch

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Research and Development Centre

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Qingdao Branch


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Custody Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Guangxi Branch


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Shanghai Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Investment Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Beijing Branch


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Shenzhen Branch          Investment Banking Department



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  259 securities branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Wealth Management and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Institutional Business Department




(II)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   23
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



     Currently, the Company has 5 first-level subsidiaries, namely CMS International, China Merchants
Futures, CMS Zhiyuan, CMS Investment and CMS Asset Management.

                                                                                                           Registered
                                                                                          Date of
           No.   Company Name                            Address                                          Capital (RMB Person in charge Contact number
                                                                                       Incorporation
                                                                                                         ten thousand)

                                                                                                                        WU Guangyan
       1         CMS International   48/F, One Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong    July 14, 1999               N/A                   0755-82943666
                                                                                                                        (吳光焰)
                                     9/F Unit 9–15, 7/F Unit 1–8 and Unit 22–26,
                 China Merchants                                                                                        LI Zongjun
       2                             Duty Free Building, No. 6 Fuhua Yi Road,         January 4, 1993         359,800                   0755-82943666
                 Futures                                                                                                (李宗軍)
                                     Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC

                                     Unit 1501, 15/F, Building 3, Courtyard No. 1,
                                                                                                                        DENG Xiaoli
       3         CMS Zhiyuan         Yuetan South Street, Xicheng District,           August 28, 2009         210,000                   0755-82943666
                                                                                                                        (鄧曉力)
                                     Beijing, the PRC

                                     Room 201, Block A, No. 1 Qianwan 1st Road,
                                     Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone,                                       ZHAO Bin
       4         CMS Investment                                                       December 2, 2013        710,000                   0755-82943666
                                     Shenzhen, the PRC (settled in Shenzhen Qianhai                                     (趙斌)
                                     Business Secretary Company Limited)

                                     Room 201, Block A, 1 Qianwan 1st Road,
                 CMS Asset           Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone,                                       DENG Xiaoli
       5                                                                              April 3, 2015           100,000                   0755-82943666
                 Management          Shenzhen, the PRC (settled in Shenzhen Qianhai                                     (鄧曉力)
                                     Business Secretary Company Limited)



(III) The number and distribution of securities branches of the Company

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has opened 259 securities branches. The distribution
of those operating securities branches is as follow:

       Regional Distribution                                                                                              Number of branches
       Beijing and Tianjin Regions                                                                                                                 33
       Yangtze River Delta: Shanghai, Jiangsu and Zhejiang                                                                                         50
       Guangdong Pearl River Delta                                                                                                                 58
       Other cities                                                                                                                              118




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

24
                                      Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(IV) Amount of other branches and their distribution

    As at the end of 2020, the Company had 12 branches, the basic information of which is as follows:

                                                          Date of
      No.           Name of the branch                                             Place of business             Person-in-charge    Contact number
                                                       incorporation
                                                                          Suite 16F2, 16G & 16H, Times
            Shenzhen Branch of China Merchants
                                                                          Fortune Building, South Eastern        HE Jincheng
     1      Securities Co., Ltd.                      February 1, 2010                                                              0755-82922188
                                                                          Part, Central Area, Futian District,   (何錦成)
            (招商證券股份有限公司深圳分公司)
                                                                          Shenzhen
            Shanghai Branch of China Merchants                            Room 3008, Orient Building,
                                                                                                                 SHEN Yun
     2      Securities Co., Ltd.                      February 12, 2010   No.1500 Century Avenue, China                             021-68407177
                                                                                                                 (沈雲)
            (招商證券股份有限公司上海分公司)                                             (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
            Beijing Branch of China Merchants                             Unit A1A2, 8/F & Unit B1B2, 11/
                                                                                                                 YAN Xiaohui
     3      Securities Co., Ltd.                      February 26, 2010   F, No.118 Jianguo Road, Chaoyang                          010-65684912
                                                                                                                 (嚴曉暉)
            (招商證券股份有限公司北京分公司)                                             District, Beijing
            Guangxi Branch of China Merchants                             3/F, Shidailidu Mansion, No.38-
                                                                                                                 HU Yi
     4      Securities Co., Ltd.                      May 25, 2011        1 Jinhu Road, Qingxiu District,                           0771- 5596333
                                                                                                                 (胡毅)
            (招商證券股份有限公司廣西分公司)                                             Nanning, Guangxi
            Qingdao Branch of China Merchants                             Level 2, 100 Duplex, No.17-21
                                                      September 1,                                               PENG Xiuling
     5      Securities Co., Ltd.                                          Xian Xa Lin Road, Laoshan District,                       0532-66889555
                                                      2011                                                       (彭秀玲)
            (招商證券股份有限公司青島分公司)                                             Qingdao, Shandong
            Jiangsu Branch of China Merchants                             7/F, Mansion of China Merchants
                                                      December 28,                                               MURONG Xinyao
     6      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限                                Bank, No. 199 Lushan Road, Jianye                         025-52868377
                                                      2012                                                       (慕容馨颻)
            公司江蘇分公司)                                                      District, Nanjing
            Anhui Branch of China Merchants                               Suite 1-501 to 1-511, Hui Feng
                                                                                                                 YANG Delong
     7      Securities Co., Ltd.                      January 4, 2013     Plaza, No.118 Sui Xi Road, Luyang                         0551-65697168
                                                                                                                 (楊德龍)
            (招商證券股份有限公司安徽分公司)                                             District, Hefe, Anhui Province
            Shandong Branch of China Merchants                            2001-1, 17/F Zhongrun Century
                                                                                                                 LI Hongying
     8      Securities Co., Ltd.                      January 9, 2013     Plaza, No. 13777 Jingshi Road, Lixia                      0531-67885777
                                                                                                                 (李紅英)
            (招商證券股份有限公司山東分公司)                                             District, Jinan
                                                                          Semiconductor Industrial Park,
            Xibei Branch of China Merchants
                                                                          No.125 Jin Ye Road, HI-TECH            WANG Feng
     9      Securities Co., Ltd.                      February 5, 2013                                                              029-38013258
                                                                          Industries Development Zone,           (王鋒)
            (招商證券股份有限公司西北分公司)
                                                                          Shaanxi Province
            Guangdong Branch of China
                                                                          Room 1101B, No.5 Huasui Road,          YU Jinbiao
     10     Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.            May 16, 2013                                                                  020-38394801
                                                                          Tianhe District, Guangzhou             (余錦標)
            (招商證券股份有限公司廣東分公司)
            Hubei Branch of China Merchants
                                                                          No.236 Zhong Bei Road, Wuchang         ZHANG Yin
     11     Securities Co., Ltd.                      January 4, 2013                                                               027-86770878
                                                                          District, Wuhan                        (張銀)
            (招商證券股份有限公司湖北分公司)
            Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch
                                                                          Room 603, 6/F, 68 Bohang Road,
            of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.                                                              WANG Jinbao
     12                                               January 3, 2017     China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade                         021-23519186
            (招商證券股份有限公司上海                                                                                        (王金寶)
                                                                          Zone
            自貿試驗區分公司)


                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                   25
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VII. Other Relevant Information

                                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                                       Name
                                                                 Accountants LLP

       Domestic accounting firm                                  30/F, Bund Center, 222 Yan An Road East, Huangpu,
                                       Office address
       appointed by the Company                                  Shanghai, the PRC

                                       Names of the signatory
                                                                 HONG Ruiming (洪銳明), LIU Lei (劉磊)
                                       accountants

                                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                       Name
                                                                 Registered public interest entity auditors

       International accounting firm                             35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong
                                       Office address
       appointed by the Company                                  Kong

                                       Names of the signatory
                                                                 Man Kai Sze (文啟斯)
                                       accountants

                                       Name                      CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.

                                                                 CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road,
       Sponsor hired to fulfill        Office address
                                                                 Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC
       continuous supervision
       responsibilities during         Names of the signatory
                                                                 Zhao Wencong (趙文叢), Wang Chen (王琛)
       the Reporting Period            sponsor representatives

                                       Continuous supervision
                                                                 August 2020 to December 2021
                                       period

                                                                 Beijing Jingtian Gongcheng Law Firm, Shenzhen
                                       Name
                                                                 Office
       Domestic legal adviser
       appointed by the Company                                  Unit 05-06, 16/F, China Resources Tower, No.2666
                                       Office address            Keyuan South Road, Yuehai Street, Nanshan District,
                                                                 Shenzhen, the PRC

                                                                 William Ji & Co. LLP in Association with Tian Yuan Law
                                       Name
       International legal adviser                               Firm Hong Kong Office
       appointed by the Company                                  Room 3304-3309, Jardine House, One Connaught
                                       Office address
                                                                 Place, Central, Hong Kong

                                                                 Shanghai Branch of China Securities Depository and
                                       Name
                                                                 Clearing Corporation Limited
       A Share Registrar
                                                                 3/F, China Insurance Building, No. 166 Lujiazui East
                                       Office address
                                                                 Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai, the PRC

                                       Name                      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
       H Share Registrar                                         17M Floor, Hopewell Centre,183 Queen’s Road East,
                                       Office address
                                                                 Wanchai, Hong Kong




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

26
                                      Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VIII.      Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators in the Past Three Years

(I)     Key accounting data

                                                                                    Unit: 1,000 Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                                                         Year-on year
                                                                                             increase/
         Key accounting data                                   2020             2019     decrease (%)             2018

         Total revenue, gains and other income         32,469,316       25,659,101             26.54      18,069,548

         Profit for the year attributable to
           shareholders of the company and holders
           of other equity instruments                  9,491,639        7,282,381             30.34        4,424,986

         Profit for the year attributable to
           shareholders of the company after
           deduction of nonrecurring profit or loss     9,487,684        7,304,946             29.88        4,419,589

         Net cashflow from operating activities       -33,343,495       -1,149,490                 —      36,690,925

         Other comprehensive income                      -575,883          350,269          -264.41          186,910


                                                                                         Year-on year
                                                       As at the end    As at the end        increase/    As at the end
         Key accounting data                                 of 2020          of 2019    decrease (%)           of 2018

         Total assets                                 499,726,679      381,771,889             30.90     304,930,705

         Total liabilities                            393,901,966      296,644,038             32.79     224,138,351

         Equity attributable to shareholders of
           the company                                105,736,805       85,048,321             24.33      80,722,846

         Total equity of owners                       105,824,713       85,127,851             24.31      80,792,354




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                    27
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(II)   Key financial indicators


                                                                 2019                                                2018
                                                                                        Year-on year
                                                       after              before           increase/       after              before
        Key financial indicator             2020    adjustment          adjustment      decrease (%)    adjustment          adjustment

        Basic earnings per share
          (RMB per share)                    1.06          0.82                0.97            29.26           0.46                0.54

        Diluted earnings per share
           (RMB per share)                   1.06          0.82                0.97            29.26           0.46                0.54

        Basic earnings per share after
          deduction of non-recurring
          profit or loss (RMB per share)     1.06          0.82                0.97            28.75           0.46                0.54

        Weighted average return on                                                   Increase by 1.34
         net assets (%)                     10.85          9.51                9.51 percentage points          5.58                5.58

        Weighted average return on
         net assets after deduction of                                               Increase by 1.30
         non-recurring profit or loss (%)   10.84          9.54                9.54 percentage points          5.57                5.57

       Note: In July and August 2020, the Company’s A share and H share rights issue completed respectively.
             Pursuant to Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 — Earnings per Share and the
             Application Guidance for Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 — Earnings per Share,
             in consideration of the bonus shares involved in the rights issue, the weighted average number of
             ordinary shares outstanding for each period presented in the above table has been adjusted when
             calculating the earnings per share.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

28
                                    Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(III) Net capital and risk control indicators of the parent company

     During the Reporting Period, the net capital and all risk indicators of the company complied with the
requirements of CSRC. As at the end of December 2020, the major risk control indicators such as net capital
of the parent company are as follows:
                                                                                      Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB

                               Items                             December 31, 2020            December 31, 2019
      Net capital                                                  58,654,486,820.65           48,651,440,529.94
      Net assets                                                   98,287,439,443.80           78,190,124,913.63
      Sum of risk capital provisions                               25,957,355,586.03           17,483,867,544.96
      Total assets on- and off-balance sheet                     283,672,225,304.43           216,513,339,454.04
      Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                  225.96                       278.26
      Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                 17.38                       19.24
      Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                             278.45                       218.42
      Net stable funding ratio (%)                                             144.18                       172.78
      Net capital/net assets (%)                                                 59.68                       62.22
      Net capital/liabilities (%)                                                20.28                       22.26
      Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                 33.98                       35.78
      Value of proprietary equity securities and security
      derivatives/net capital (%)                                                31.69                       32.38
      Value of proprietary non-equity securities and its
      derivatives/net capital (%)                                              319.68                       328.85

     Note:   In January 2020, CSRC issued Requirements on the Calculation Standards for the Risk Control
             Indicators of Securities Companies (《 證券公司風險控制指標計算標準規定》) with effective from
             June 1, 2020. All the risk control indicators of the company as at the end of previous year are adjusted
             pursuant to such requirements.




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 29
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(IV) Key financial data for the last five years

1.   Earnings

                                                                              Unit: Million yuan    Currency: RMB

                       Items                   2020           2019           2018           2017            2016

       Total revenue, gains and
       other income                           32,469         25,659         18,070         19,259          18,552

       Total expenses                         22,203         17,767         13,540         12,998          12,728

       Profit before income tax               11,309          8,774          5,447          7,107           6,453

       Profit for the year
       — attributable to shareholders
       of the Company and holders of
       other equity instruments                9,492          7,282          4,425          5,786           5,403



2.   Assets

                                                                              Unit: Million yuan    Currency: RMB

                                        December 31,   December 31,   December 31,   December 31,    December 31,
                       Items                   2020           2019           2018           2017            2016

       Total assets                          499,727        381,772        304,931        285,644         243,058

       Total liabilities                     393,902        296,644        224,138        206,310         183,143

       Accounts payable to brokerage
       clients                                85,441         61,724         48,912         51,095          67,582

       Equity attributable to
       shareholders of the Company           105,737         85,048         80,723         79,230          59,826

       Share capital                           8,697          6,699          6,699          6,699           6,699




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

30
                                   Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



3.   Key financial indicators


                   Items                     2020            2019            2018            2017            2016

      Basic earnings per share (in RMB)      1.06            0.82            0.46            0.66            0.75

      Diluted earnings per share
      (in RMB)                               1.06            0.82            0.46            0.66            0.75

      Weighted average return on
      net assets (%)                        10.85            9.51            5.58            8.39           10.58

      Gearing ratio (%)                     74.46           73.40           68.44           66.18           65.86

     Note 1: Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – Accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(Total assets – Accounts
             payable to brokerage clients)


     Note 2: In July and August 2020, the Company completed the A share and H share rights issue respectively.
             Pursuant to Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 — Earnings per Share and the
             Application Guidance for Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 — Earnings per Share,
             in consideration of the bonus shares involved in the rights issue, the weighted average number of
             ordinary shares outstanding for each period presented in the above table has been adjusted when
             calculating the earnings per share. The earning per share prior to the adjustment for the 2016 to 2019
             was 0.91, 0.78, 0.54 and 0.97 (Unit: RMB/Share) respectively and the diluted earning per share prior
             to the adjustment for the 2016 to 2019 was 0.91, 0.78, 0.54 and 0.97 (Unit: RMB/Share) respectively.


IX. Discrepancies in Financial Data between Domestic and International Accounting
    Standards

     There was no difference between the net profit for 2020 and 2019 and net assets as of December 31,
2020 and December 31, 2019 as set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance
with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and in the consolidated financial statements
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               31
SUMMARY of
    OPERATION
Chapter 3: Summary of Operation


I.     Principal Business and Operating Models of the Company and Relevant
       Industry Condition during the Reporting Period

(I)    Principal business and operating models of the Company during the Reporting Period

      Operating with a client-oriented approach, the Company offers diverse and comprehensive financial
products and services to individual, institutional and corporate clients, and engages in investment and trading.
Its principal business lines comprise the following:
      Wealth management and institutional business: the Company trades stocks, funds, bonds, futures
and other derivatives on behalf of our clients and provides them with other value-added services such as
investment consultancy, investment portfolio recommendation, sales of products and assets allocation in
return for fees and commissions. The Company also provides capital-based intermediary services (including
margin financing and securities lending as well as stock pledge repo and stock repurchase transactions) to
clients and earns interest income. In addition, the Company provides investment research, sales and trading,
prime brokerage and other services for a variety of institutions such as funds and insurance companies in order
to gain fees and commissions.
      Investment banking: the Company provides one-stop domestic and international investment banking
services to its corporate clients, including domestic and international equity financing, debt financing,
structured financing, over-the-counter (OTC) listing, financial advisory and other services. In return, it earns
underwriting and sponsorship fees and financial advisory fees.
     Investment management: the Company provides investment management services, including collective
asset management, separately managed account, specialized asset management, equity investment fund
management, and earns management fees and performance fees.
      Investment and trading: the Company engages in proprietary trading and market-making business
in relation to equity and fixed-income securities, commodities, foreign exchange, alternative investment
and other derivatives as well as OTC financial products to earn investment income. It also adopts advanced
investment and trading strategies and techniques for mitigating investment risks and boosting returns.


(II)   Development of the industry and market where the Company operates during the Reporting
       Period

      In 2020, the average one-sided daily turnover of stocks and funds in A shares markets was RMB884.724
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 63.03%. The CSI 300 Index, the ChiNext Index and the
ChinaBond Composite Total Return Index (Total Value) rose by 27.21%, 64.96% and 2.98% year-on-year,
respectively. During the Reporting Period, the amount of financing through IPO in the domestic primary
market was RMB472.649 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 86.55%. The amount of refinancing
(excluding share issuance for asset acquisition, same for below) was RMB911.913 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 34.75%. Bonds (excluding central bank bills and interbank deposit certificates)
issued totaled RMB37.64 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.58%. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, the balance of margin financing and securities lending on the SSE and the SZSE amounted
to RMB1,619.008 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 58.84%. The balance of stock pledge repo
amounted to RMB300.921 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 30.20%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

34
                                                              Chapter 3: Summary of Operation



     According to the statistics from the Securities Association of China, in 2020, the total income of the
securities industry (data from unaudited financial statements) amounted to RMB448.479 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 24.41%. Net profit amounted to RMB157.534 billion, representing a year-on-
year increase of 27.98%. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets of the securities industry
amounted to RMB8.90 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.50%. Net assets amounted to
RMB2.31 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.10%. Net capital amounted to RMB1.82 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 12.10%.


II.   Analysis on Core Competitiveness during the Reporting Period

      The Company, under the control of China Merchants Group, is the largest securities firm of the
SASAC. Over years of development, the Company has built up significant competitive advantages. First, the
Company adheres to continuous stable operations. It has been granted the highest “AA” grade of Type
A rating for securities firms for 13 consecutive years, which represents a strong pillar for the Company
to rely on when seeking policy support, seizing significant opportunities for new pilot projects, making
responses to the volatile capital market and facing peer competition in the future. Second, our service
capability with a full-service platform that covers a whole industrial chain, a balanced business structure
and a solid development foundation will help the Company develop the business with its own features,
differentiate its edges and facilitate the provision of one-stop services to customers, thereby paving a
sound foundation for development. Third, the brokerage business of Company has a solid foundation with
increasingly strengthened competitiveness. It has outstanding capability in providing comprehensive services
to institutional clients and maintains stable performance in respect of providing whole industry chain services
to corporate clients. It also stands out in certain business segments. Fourth, the Company enjoys the strong
brand name of “China Merchants” and its shareholders background as well as good reputation in the market.
      During the Reporting Period, according to the statistics from the Securities Association of China and
the Asset Management Association of China, in terms of net income from agency trading (including leasing
of trading seats), net income from agency sale of financial products, net income from investment banking,
net income from asset management, interest income from margin financing and securities lending, interest
income from stock pledge, average monthly active AUM for private investment fund (the fourth quarter) and
number of private funds under custody, the Company ranked second, seventh, seventh, tenth, sixth, sixth,
third and first, respectively. According to the statistics from Wind, in terms of number of mutual funds under
custody, the Company ranked first, and in terms of domestic equity underwriting and bond underwriting,
using issue date as statistics caliber, the Company ranked seventh and eighth, respectively.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           35
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors


I.   Operation Discussion and Analysis

      In 2020, due to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic, the global economy
and financial markets were significantly affected. Major economies including the United States and Europe
all experienced negative economic growth, economic globalization encountered challenges, and domestic
economy was also severely affected by the pandemic. Thanks to the efforts of the Party Central Committee,
China’s economy remained stable in recovery and rebounded quarter by quarter, with GDP growing by
2.3% year on year, making it the only major economy in the world to achieve positive growth. The reform
and innovation of the capital market continued to be enhanced and the underlying system was continuously
strengthened. In particular, the amended “Securities Law” formally came into effect and the reform and pilot
registration system were carried forward on ChiNext board.
      Facing the complicated and challenging situation, the Company took multiple measures to boost sales
growth and took the initiative to advance reforms in 2020. As a result, the Company’s annual operating
results reached the second high in record, second only to those of 2015, and new progress was made in key
reform projects, laying a solid foundation for full achievement of the reform strategy for the coming five-
year period. Firstly, revenue and profit grew significantly, outperforming the industry. The Company’s total
revenue, gains and other income and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company were RMB32.469
billion and RMB9.492 billion respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.54% and 30.34%
respectively; ROE was 10.85%, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.34 percentage points. Secondly, the
transformation and reforms were reinforced, and the development momentum continued to be enhanced.
With a view to motivating vitality and improving efficiency through implementation of reforms, the Company
has been promoting the SOE Reform “Double-hundred Action” and the quality and efficiency improvement
program, carrying out a themed campaign on “promoting the spirit of Shekou, improving work style and
enhancing work efficiency”, and further advancing development of the mechanism of “staff can get in
and out; cadre can go up and down; salary can be high and low”, digital transformation, corporate culture
development and business collaboration. Thirdly, the Company successfully completed the rights issue of A+H
shares and implemented the employee stock ownership scheme, and saw its net assets smashing through
the RMB100 billion barrier. Fourthly, the Company coordinated between pandemic control and business
development, and continued to maintain compliance and sound operation. The Company took its pandemic
control and emergency response measures in a timely manner and on a regular basis, and continued to
enhance risk control and compliance, with various types of risk losses remaining at a low level. The Company
has been granted the highest “AA” regulatory rating under the “A” category for securities firms for 13
consecutive years.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

36
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



II.   Operating Results of Major Businesses for the Reporting Period

(I)   Analysis of principal businesses

      The Company is committed to providing a full range of financial products and services to individual,
institutional and corporate clients. The Company’s business is principally divided into four segments: wealth
management and institutional business, investment banking, investment management as well as investment
and trading.


1.    Wealth management and institutional business

      The wealth management and institutional business of the Company mainly includes brokerage and
wealth management, capital-based intermediary business and institutional client integrated services. In 2020,
the Company’s market share in terms of net income from agency trading business was 4.85%, ranking second
in the industry, jumping from seventh in 2019, hitting a record high. Benefits of the integration of the wealth
management and institutional business were highlighted.


(1)   Brokerage and wealth management

     In 2020, the one-way trading volume of stocks and funds in the A share market amounted to
RMB214.99 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 62.37%. The average net commission rate of
the industry decreased by 9.21% year-on-year to 0.270‰, which showed a continuous downward trend
over the past years. The Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong closed at 27,231 points, representing a decrease of
3%; and the average one-sided daily trading volume of stocks in the Hong Kong market, benefiting from
the enthusiastic IPO fundraising climate, amounted to HK$129.5 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
of 49%. In 2020, as both the policy tone of “houses are for accommodation, not for speculation” and the
new regulations on asset management promoted the transfer of capital into the capital market; the demands
from residents for wealth growth kept rising, it is expected that the allocation of financial assets in household
wealth will increase, and the room for securities firms to develop wealth management is very broad.
      During the Reporting Period, as actively measures taken in hedging the impacts of the pandemic, the
Company adopted online- and offline-channel marketing, constantly optimized and promoted the “Zhiyuan
Yi Hu Tong” (智遠一戶通) APP, and launched services with special features such as investment return over
the past ten years and stocks minesweeping function, as a result, the average number of monthly active users
(MAU) of the Company’s APP recorded a year-on-year increase of 42%. The Company upgraded its wealth
management plan services, rolled out marketing activities such as exclusive gift packages for new clients,
Double 11 Wealth Carnival and expert live streaming, and developed social marketing tools like WeChat Mini
Program “China Merchants Securities Fortune+” (招商證券財富+), to acquire clients actively and enhance
customer experience persistently. Consequently, the Company achieved a 40% year-on-year growth in the
number of new accounts opened during the year. In the overseas market, benefitting from the launch of a
new online account opening system and effective IPO marketing strategies, CMS International achieved a five-
fold year-on-year increase in the number of new accounts opened and a 69.23% year-on-year increase in net
income from agency trading in 2020.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             37
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     In 2020, the Company continued to build a “customer-oriented” wealth management ecosystem, and
transformed and upgraded its wealth management business by providing a full range of financial services to
wealth management clients. The Company’s wealth management business focused on product, team and
system building. It released the “private fund 50” and “selected mutual fund” product pool to develop a
supermarket of competitive products; enhanced the quality and efficiency of the wealth advisory team, and
provided high-net-worth clients with advisory services such as customized products and high-end brand
featured events to reinforce client stickiness and build a professional brand of wealth advisory; and increased
the application of financial technologies, especially, innovated and launched mini Program “China Merchants
Securities Fortune+” (招商證券財富+) which created an exclusive wealth management room to increase the
marketing capability of wealth advisory, with the scale of financial products sold through the mini-program
exceeding RMB1.7 billion; launched the “Zhaocai Smart Investment (招財智投)” intelligent investment
advisory service, for instance, to provide clients with personalized, diversified and scenario-based one-click
asset allocation services.
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of the Company’s clients of wealth management
reached 0.454 million accounts, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.50%; the asset size of wealth
management clients reached RMB1.37 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 47.31%; and the
number of high-net-worth customers reached 24.1 thousand accounts, representing a year-on-year increase
of 53.71%. In 2020, the scale of the Company’s agency sale of financial products saw a year-on-year increase
of 34.79%, and the net income from agency sale of financial products recorded a year-on-year increase of
219.25%.
                                                                                                      Currency: RMB

                                                                                                         Year-on-year
       Operating indicators                                                  2020             2019            change
       Trading volume of stocks and funds (RMB trillion) (note 1)           18.26             10.84            68.45%
       Market share of the trading volume of stocks and funds                                         Increased by 0.16
                                                                            4.25%            4.09%     percentage point
       Ranking of net revenue from agency securities trading                    2                 7            Up by 5
       Number of wealth management advisors                                 1,002               859            16.65%
       Total sales of financial products (RMB100 million) (note 2)       11,250.58         8,346.85            34.79%
       Net revenue from the agency sales of financial products
       (RMB100 million) (note 3)                                              6.27             1.97          219.25%
       Ranking of net revenue from the agency sales of
       financial products                                                       7                 8            Up by 1
       Number of wealth management clients (unit: 10,000) (note 4)          45.40             35.33            28.50%
       Asset size of wealth management clients (RMB trillion)                 1.37             0.93            47.31%
       Number of high-net-worth customers (unit: 10,000) (note 5)             2.41             1.57            53.71%
     Source: SSE and SZSE, Securities Association of China, internal statistics of the Company
     Notes: 1.        Transaction volume of stocks and funds of the Company represents bilateral transaction volume.
               2.     Total sales of wealth management products include mutual funds, private investment funds,
                      collective asset management products of the Company (including margin management
                      products) and trust products.
               3.     The amount of net income from agency sales of financial products is derived from the statistical
                      data of Securities Association of China.
               4.     Wealth management clients refer to clients with assets under our company’s custody amounting
                      to RMB300,000 and above.
               5.     High-net-worth clients refer to clients with assets under our company’s custody amounting to
                      RMB8 million and above.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

38
                                                            Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Capital-based intermediary services

     The Company’s capital-based intermediary services mainly include margin financing and securities
lending as well as stock pledge repo businesses.
     As at the end of 2020, the scale of margin financing and securities lending business in the A share
market amounted to RMB1,619.008 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 58.84%. Benefiting
from the reform of the securities lending mechanisms of the STAR Market and the ChiNext board as well
as the expansion of the pool of securities available for lending, the balance of securities lending reached
RMB136.984 billion, representing a dramatic year-on-year increase of 894.08%. The scale of the stock pledge
repo business in the market continued to decrease, and the relevant risks were further relieved.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company captured the opportunity of market explosion in margin
and securities refinancing business and expanded its cooperation with mutual fund and private fund to
vigorously develop its securities lending business and tailored financing plans for different customers. It also
propelled relevant system development to satisfy the needs of institutional customers for hedging and high
frequency trading. While prudently controlling risks, the Company continued to strengthen the compliance
of the capital-based intermediary business, the comprehensiveness of due diligence and the effectiveness of
continuous management, so as to achieve a balanced development in terms of quality, scale and efficiency.
      As at the end of 2020, the balance of the Company’s margin financing and securities lending amounted
to RMB83.136 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 61.56%, and the overall maintenance coverage
ratio was 296.4%, of which, the balance of securities lending amounted to RMB6.213 billion, the balance of
stock pledge repo (including contribution from asset management plans) amounted to RMB30.420 billion,
and the overall collateral coverage ratio was 308.4%. Of which, contribution from self-owned capital was
RMB20.115 billion, and the collateral coverage ratio was 344.2%.
                                                                                                 Currency: RMB

                                                                                                    Year-on-year
       Operating indicators                                                2020          2019            change

       Balance of margin financing and securities lending
       (RMB100 million)                                                   831.36        514.59            61.56%

       Market share of margin financing and securities lending                                   Increased by 0.08
                                                                          5.13%         5.05%     percentage point

       Balance of stock pledge repo (including contribution from
       asset management plans) (RMB100 million)                           304.20        302.85             0.45%

       Balance of stock pledge repo by self-owned capital
       (RMB100 million)                                                   201.15        210.88            -4.61%

      Source: SSE and SZSE, internal statistics of the Company
     In the overseas market, CMS International seized the business opportunities amid a flurry of IPOs and
developed competitive IPO financing solutions to meet clients’ financing needs. During the Reporting Period,
the daily margin trading volume amounted to HK$7.276 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
91.27%, and interest income from margin trading recorded an increase of 50.23% year-on-year.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               39
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Institutional client integrated services

      The Company’s integrated services for institutional clients are based on research, trading and custody
services, and provides value-added services such as product sales, margin financing and securities lending,
market making, operation outsourcing and fund incubation. An integrated service system that provides a
package of solutions for institutional clients has been established.


①     Institutional integrated services

     During the Reporting Period, the institutional business of the Company continued to maintain its
competitive advantages. The institutional business of the Company further enhanced its management over
the marketing services of branches and reinforced its synergy between its research and institutions sales.
During the Covid-2019 pandemic, the Company took the initiative in innovating the online service model
and further consolidated its leading position in terms of commission through enhancing its services to mutual
funds and insurance asset management firms. The Company proactively seized the market opportunities
brought about by the excellent performance of mutual equity funds and launch of hot selling funds in 2020,
to give full play to the efficiency of wealth management strategic transformation and improve the sales
capability of its brokerage branches. Meanwhile, the Company made active efforts to enable the introduction
of products under settlement model of brokerage firms, and to advance the relevant customer services
of banking wealth management companies. As a result, the Company has established cooperation with a
number of fund firms in respect of margin and securities refinancing business.
      In respect of primary broker business, the Company continued to push forward the development of
primary broker business system, continued to optimize the marketing service platform and service platform
for institutional clients, so as to provide institutional clients with a packet of services including trading system,
agency sales, capital referral, securities sourcing, follow-on investment, OTC derivatives and custody and
outsourcing, enhancing its service efficiency and customers’ experience on a constant basis. In 2020, the
Company initiated the first session of “Zhaocai Cup” private fund quantitative investment open competition,
built a capital referral platform and enhanced its special featured service to private fund clients. The Company
continued to increase its investment in the “Geetek Institutional Transaction Service Platform”, which further
strengthened the Company’s ability of multi-asset investment management, instant transaction and strategic
transaction service. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company’s private fund filing products had a
year-over-year increase of 72% in trading asset size, during the Reporting Period, the trading volume of stock
and funds of institutional clients supported by Geetek recorded a year-on-year increase of 114%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

40
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



②    Research

      The Company’s domestic stock research covered 1,254 listed companies in 17 industry sectors and 71
categories on the CSRC, covering 88% of the total market capitalization of CSI 300 Index constituent stocks
and 79% of the total market capitalization of ChiNext Index constituent stocks. The Company takes the
leading positions in the research of a wide variety of areas, including quantization, electronics, strategy, food
and beverage, macro-economy, media, electric devices and new energy, fixed income, small and mid-cap,
finance, communications, real estates, automobiles, computer, agriculture industries. In 2020, the Company
constantly improved its research personnel training system, strengthened research quality and compliance
management, accelerated the market-oriented transformation of research, and enhanced its research services
comprehensively based on the orientation of “research creates value”. In addition to focusing on services
for core institutional clients, the Company strengthened the in-depth integration of research and business,
actively cooperated with investment banking and other businesses in promoting the Company’s “Gazelle
Incubator Program”, and established an indicator-based evaluating system for sub-segments and enterprises
involving, pharmaceuticals, semiconductors, cosmetics, medical beauty and agency operation of e-commerce,
and actively promoted the selection, and the investment in relevant enterprises.
     In the overseas market, the research team of CMS International ranked top three or top five in the
categories of China H shares, Red-Chips, P-Chips (private enterprise shares) and Hong Kong (local) in Asia
Money’s ranking in 2020, and ranked as the sixth best local broker in the categories of China H shares, Red-
Chips and P-Chips.


③    Custody and outsourcing

     In 2020, opportunities and challenges coexisted in the custody and outsourcing industry. On one
hand, residents’ demands for wealth growth led to the sustained growth of the mutual and private funds
industries, with their AUM reaching RMB19.89 trillion and RMB15.97 trillion respectively by the end of
2020, representing a year-on-year growth of 34.76% and 16.23% respectively; at the same time, the
standardization-oriented transformation of financial products of banks and trust products, as well as the
two-way opening up of the financial industry, brought new development opportunities to the custody and
outsourcing industry. On the other hand, regulatory rules became increasingly stringent and the industry
turned to be more and more competitive. 11 custodians were introduced into the industry during the
reporting period, while the implementation of New Regulations on Filing of Private Funds promulgated by the
Asset Management Association of China will further regulate the development of the private fund industry.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             41
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      During the Reporting Period, the Company enhanced innovation and the application of financial
technologies in respect of its custody and outsourcing business, and released China Merchants Securities
Private Fund Index (CMSFI), the first private fund valuation index in China, successfully established a new
service model and business format. At the same time, the Company adopted multiple measures such as
strengthened compliance and risk control, to enhance quality and efficiency, continuously adjusted and
optimized its product structure, and vigorously compressed the scale of non-standard products. As at the
end of 2020, the number of custody and outsourcing products (including products of asset management
subsidiaries) of the Company was 26.3 thousand and the size was RMB2.87 trillion, representing a year-on-
year growth of 27.58% and 28.15% respectively. According to the statistics from the Asset Management
Association of China and Wind, the Company maintained a market share of 24.24% in the number of private
funds products under custody, indicating an absolute leading position. Moreover, the number of private
fund products under custody and the number of mutual fund products under custody ranked first for seven
consecutive years. In 2020, the Company was awarded the “Best Private Funds Custodian” by The Asset
magazine and, for the fourth consecutive year, the “Best Funds Custody Broker” by China Fund.


2.   Investment banking business

    Investment banking business of the Company includes equity underwriting and sponsorship, bond
underwriting and financial advisory businesses.
      In 2020, the Company actively promoted the implementation of various investment banking reformative
initiatives, with a view to building a “modern” investment bank. In particular, the Company focused on
accelerating the implementation of the “Gazelle Incubator Project”(羚躍計劃), to provide strategic emerging
industries and premium innovative high-tech enterprises with one-stop integrated financial services in a cross-
platform collaboration model; continued to accelerate professional transformation, focusing on key industries
such as semiconductors, biopharmaceuticals, transportation and logistics, and strengthening development in
key regions such as the Beijing-Tianjin- Hebei region, the Yangtze River Delta and Guangdong-Hong Kong-
Macao Greater Bay Area; improved its marketing service system and strengthened account manager system,
actively exploring large strategic clients such as SOEs; strengthened the internal control mechanisms and
improved the quality of its investment banking practice.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

42
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(1)   Equity underwriting

      In 2020, reform of capital market was deepened, reform of the IPO registration system continued to
be advanced, the NEEQ Select Tier was launched, favorable policies including new refinancing regulations
on placement came into effect, and the equity financing market of A shares maintained its positive growth
rate as achieved in 2019. According to the statistics from Wind, the total size of equity financing in A share
market (excluding share issuance for asset acquisition) was RMB1,384.562 billion, representing a year-on-
year increase of 48.86%. As the pace of IPO issuance in A share market accelerated, a total of 399 IPOs were
completed in the market with raised proceeds of RMB472.649 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
97.52% and 86.55% respectively, a record high in issuance size in the recent decade. Of which, a total of 144
IPOs were completed on the STAR Market with raised proceeds of RMB222.283 billion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 164.60%; a total of 109 IPOs were completed on the ChiNext board with raised proceeds
of RMB90.291 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 199.91%; and the total proceeds raised from
refinancing projects underwritten were RMB911.913 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.75%.
Of which, the proceeds raised from placement were RMB557.463 billion, representing a significant year-on-
year increase of 315.55%.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company’s major client development in the semiconductor,
biomedicine, agriculture, and banking industries produced visible results, and the scale of refinancing business
increased significantly. By virtue of the “Gazelle Incubator Project”(羚躍計劃), the Company has created
a multi-channel cooperation “ecosystem” for its investment banking business, which further enriched its
reserve of early-stage IPO projects. According to the statistics from Wind, the Company ranked seventh and
eighth in the industry in terms of the amount and number of A share projects underwritten, respectively. Of
which, the Company ranked eighth in terms of the value of IPO projects underwritten and ranked sixth in
terms of the value of refinancing projects underwritten. The Company continued to seize the opportunities
from reform of registration system in the STAR Market and the ChiNext board. During the year, the number
of IPO projects underwritten by the Company in the STAR Market was 6, with underwritten value amounting
to RMB5.969 billion, ranked seventh in the industry. According to the data from the CSRC, SSE and SZSE and
Wind, 32 IPO projects underwritten by the Company were pending approval (including approved projects to
be offered and projects not registered with the CSRC) as at the end of 2020, ranking tenth in the industry. Of
which, 8 and 16 projects were pending approval in the STAR Market (including the projects reviewed by the
Listing Committee of the STAR Market of SSE) and on the ChiNext board market, both ranking eighth in the
industry. 14 refinancing projects underwritten by the Company were pending approval, ranking sixth in the
industry.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            43
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     In 2020, the Company successfully underwrote a number of market influential projects, including IPO
projects like VeriSilicon, the “No. 1 stock in semiconductor IP sector” in the STAR Market, and Jinhong Gas, a
leading gas company in China and refinancing projects such as the non-public offering of Haitong Securities
and Bank of Zhengzhou, and the convertible bonds issuance of Qingdao Rural Commercial Bank and New
Hope Liuhe. In addition, the Company assisted in the successful listing of Forstar, one of the first batch of
NEEQ Select Tier enterprises in China. During the Reporting Period, the Company was awarded with the
“Best Investment Bank in China” of the 13th New Fortune Awards and the “Junding Award for All-round
Investment Bank in China in 2020” by the Securities Times.
                                                                                                     Currency: RMB

                                             2020                                2019

                                        Lead                                 Lead
                                underwriting                         underwriting
                                     amount                               amount                             Size’s
                                   (RMB100           Number of          (RMB100         Number of     year-on-year
                Item                 million)          projects           million)        projects         change

       IPOs                            142.66                 17             141.96            12           0.49%

       Refinancing                     397.52                 23             128.60            12         209.11%

       Total                           540.18                 40             270.57            24          99.65%

      Source: Statistics from Wind, using issue date as statistics caliber
      Note:    Refinancing excludes share issuance for asset acquisition


(2)   Bond underwriting

      In 2020, monetary policies remained moderately accommodative and market liquidity was relatively
abundant. However, the issuance of corporate bonds with lower credit ratings was significantly hampered
by credit bond defaults in the market since November. The bond market witnessed large-scale cancellations,
aggravated credit divergence, overall rising issuance rates and persistently high benchmark rates and credit
spreads. During the Reporting Period, the overall scale of domestic bond financing maintained a growing
trend. According to the statistics from Wind, the total bonds (excluding central bank bills and inter-bank
deposit certificates) issued amounted to RMB37.64 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.58%.
Of which, the total credit bonds (excluding treasury bonds, local government bonds, central bank bills,
inter-bank deposit certificates and policy bank bonds) issued amounted to RMB18.81 trillion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 29.01%. The asset backed securities business (ABS) had differentiated development.
In particular, the credit ABS was affected by the Covid-19 pandemic, with issuance amounting to
RMB804.190 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 16.53%; while corporate ABS maintained rapid
growth, with issuance amounting to RMB1,574.009 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 41.84%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

44
                                                     Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      During the Reporting Period, the Company comprehensively enhanced its competitiveness in all
segments of the bond underwriting business, deal sourcing, pricing and sales, remedied for its business
shortcomings, persisted in business innovation and consolidated its advantages in credit ABS business.
According to the statistics from Wind, the Company’s credit asset securitization business ranked first in the
industry for the sixth consecutive year with an underwriting amount of RMB131.752 billion in 2020. Yet, due
to the decline in underwriting scale of credit ABS, the Company’s ranking was down to the fifth in the industry
in terms of underwriting amount of ABS and eighth in terms of lead underwriting amount of bonds. In
addition, the Company further optimized the structure of its bond business and focused on credit bonds such
as urban construction investment bonds. The Company’s underwriting amount and ranking of credit bonds
(excluding asset securitization) both improved compared to last year, with the underwriting value amounting
to RMB229.427 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.67%, and ranking seventh in the industry,
up by 2 places year-on-year. The Company actively responded to the State’s call to help the physical economy
fight the pandemic and facilitate direct financing channels for enterprises, and assisted ten enterprises in
issuing several epidemic prevention and control bonds with a total issuance scale of more than RMB12 billion.
     In 2020, the Company successfully issued a number of first-in-market products, including “Zhaoyin Hejia
2020 Phase I Personal Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities” (招銀和家2020年第一期個人住房抵押貸款
資產支持證券) (the first LPR-based floating-rate RMBS project in the market), “Jianxin 2020 Phase VI Non-
Performing Asset-Backed Securities” (建鑫2020年第六期不良資產支持證券) (the first public inclusive finance
non-performing asset backed securities in the country) and “Xingqing 2020 Phase I Personal Consumer Loan
Asset-Backed Securities” (興晴2020年第一期個人消費貸款資產支持證券) (the first personal consumer loan
asset-backed securities project issued the credit risk mitigation warrant in the inter-bank market). During
the reporting period, the Company was awarded “Excellent Underwriting Institution” by China Central
Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd..
                                                                                                      Currency: RMB

                                            2020                                  2019
                                        Lead                                Lead
                                underwriting                        underwriting
                                     amount         Number of            amount          Number of            Size’s
                                   (RMB100            issuance         (RMB100             issuance    year-on-year
                Item                 million)        (tranche)           million)         (tranche)         change
      Enterprise bonds                   6.25                 2                  20              2         -68.75%
      Corporate bonds                 487.95                114              442.79             86          10.20%
      Financial bonds               1,374.93                 75             1,007.97            59          36.41%
      Short-term
      financing bonds                  80.30                 22               44.85             14          79.04%
      Medium-term notes               170.14                 39               88.07             27          93.19%
      Private placement
      notes                           133.67                 31               87.22             27          53.26%
      Exchangeable bonds               41.04                  5               45.50              3          -9.80%
      Asset-backed securities       1,754.42                440             2,337.15           405         -24.93%
      Others                           76.70                509               27.70            255         176.90%
      Total                         4,125.39              1,237             4,104.24           878           0.52%

     Source: Statistics from Wind, using issue date as statistics caliber
     Note:     Bond underwriting includes debt securities issued as a principal; others include municipal bonds,
               international institutional bonds and government-backed institutional bonds.




                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 45
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Financial advisory

     In 2020, due to the effect of the registration-based IPO system, the M&A transaction market weakened.
According to the statistics from Wind, in 2020, the number of announced transactions in the Chinese
M&A market (excluding overseas M&A) was 9,490 and the transaction amount was RMB2,445.183 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.18%, while the number of completed deals was 6,168 and the
transaction amount was RMB1,438.607 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 23.24%. The majority
of M&A transactions were still horizontal integration businesses, with the announced transaction amount of
RMB880.490 billion, accounting for 36.01% of the total announced transaction amount.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company closely focused on the opportunities arising from economic
restructuring and upgrade as well as SOE reform, fully leveraged its role as a professional platform for the
capital operation of the China Merchants Group, actively promoted the Group’s collaboration projects
between industrial and financial companies and collaboration projects between financial companies, and
deepened its close cooperation with strategic clients from large central enterprises and SOEs. In 2020, the
Company assisted the China Merchants Group to accomplish a private enterprise financial relief program, the
judicial restructuring of Antong Holdings. According to the statistics from Wind, during the Reporting Period,
the number of M&A transactions as announced by the Company was 13, and the total M&A transaction
amount was RMB60.961 billion, ranking fifth in the industry. The Company successfully concluded a number
of influential M&A transactions in the market, such as transfer of equity interest in Gree Electric, Appliances,
acquisition of Guangzhou Securities by CITIC Securities and sales of Be & Cherry to Pepsi Beverages by
Haoxiangni (好想你).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

46
                                                Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(4)   Overseas investment banking

       In the overseas market, Hong Kong continued to attract new economy companies around the world to
list in Hong Kong, including nine U.S.-listed Chinese companies that completed secondary listing in Hong
Kong. The aggregate equity underwritten in the Hong Kong market amounted to USD93.165 billion in
2020, representing a year-on-year increase of 71.64%. The IPO funds raised amounted to USD51.3 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 27.99%. New economy companies coming to Hong Kong for a second
listing accounted for more than 30% of the financing size. The amount raised from the underwritten Asia ex-
Japan G3 Currency Bonds amounted to USD348.446 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.05%.
      During the Reporting Period, CMS International continued to consolidate its business advantages in
the new economy sector. There were 13 equity projects underwritten in the Hong Kong market, with an
aggregated underwriting amount of USD6.44 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 51.76%. Of
which, the number of IPO projects was 12, with an underwriting amount of USD6.132 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 44.45%; 2 US stock IPO projects were successfully concluded, with an aggregated
underwriting amount of USD78 million. 12 Asia ex-Japan G3 Currency Bonds projects were completed, with
an underwriting amount of USD4.42 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 17.54%; 4 financial
advisory projects were completed, with an aggregated trading value of USD914 million, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 44.74%. In 2020, CMS International ranked seventh among Chinese brokers in terms
of equity underwritten scale and IPO underwritten scale in the Hong Kong market. Projects of significant
influence in the market were concluded, including Huijing Holdings Company Limited (匯景控股有限公司) (a
company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 9968), InnoCare Pharma
Limited (諾誠健華醫藥有限公司) (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
stock code: 9969), Akeso, Inc.(康方生物科技（開曼）有限公司) (a company listed on the Main Board of the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 9926), Yeahka Limited (移卡有限公司) (a company listed on the Main
Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 9923) and Immunotech Biopharm Ltd. (永泰生物製藥有
限公司) (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 6978).




                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                       47
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



3.    Investment management

     The Company engages in securities asset management business and private equity investment fund
business through its subsidiaries, namely CMS Asset Management Co., Ltd. and CMS Zhiyuan Capital
Investment Co., Ltd. The Company engages in mutual fund management business through its associates,
namely Bosera Funds and China Merchants Fund.


(1)   Asset management business of securities companies

       In 2020, the pressure on asset management business transformation of securities companies was
mounting, and the total AUM of securities companies further compressed against the background of the
industry-wide de-channelization. By the end of 2020, the total AUM of securities companies was RMB10.42
trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 15.22%; the Pareto Principle of the industry became
increasingly obvious and the competition pattern became more intense and complex.
      During the Reporting Period, CMS Asset Management actively promoted the transformation of massive
collective asset management to mutual funds, and successfully issued its first mutual fund product “Wisdom
and Growth (智遠成長)” during the year; strengthened the active management abilities, and achieved
breakthroughs in the issuance of STAR Market themed, fixed income+, interval bond fund and other
products, with significant growth achieved in the number and scale of newly issued active management
products; tapped into client needs and enlarged business cooperation with institutional clients such as wealth
management subsidiaries of banks; strengthened internal collaboration, so as to build a distinctive full-
product spectrum; and continued to upgrade the investment research system to help clients to gain steady
asset growth. According to the statistics from the Securities Association of China and the Asset Management
Association of China, as at the end of 2020, the total AUM of CMS Asset Management was RMB541.922
billion, ranking fourth in the industry; the average monthly active AUM for securities companies’ private
offered products (the fourth quarter) was RMB276.025 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
52.13%, ranking the third in the industry, up by one place.
                                                                                                      Currency: RMB

                                       AUM (RMB100 million)          Net income (RMB100 million)               Size’s
                                                                                                        year-on-year
               Category                    2020               2019          2020              2019           change

       Collective asset
       management plan                  1,303.40         1,325.86            7.84              7.35          -1.69%

       Separate asset
       management plan                  3,475.80         4,866.62            3.51              2.83         -28.58%

       Specialized asset
       management plan                    640.02          679.59             0.17              0.31          -5.82%

       Total                            5,419.22         6,872.07           11.52            10.49          -21.14%

      Source: Internal statistics of the Company




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

48
                                                     Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)     Private equity fund management

      In 2020, the private equity industry faced challenges due to the increasing downward pressure on
macro-economy and the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic; meanwhile, the private equity industry embraced
significant opportunities due to the government’s comprehensive deepening of capital market reform, an
increase in the proportion of direct financing, as well as the policy support for the physical economy and
the construction of a new “dual circulation” development pattern. According to the statistics from Zero2IPO
Group, in 2020, the total amount of newly-raised funds in the domestic equity investment market was
RMB1,197.214 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.8%; the number of newly-raised funds was
3,478, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.6%; the total investment amount was RMB887.149 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 16.3%; the number of investment projects was 7,559, representing
a year-on-year decrease of 8.2%; the number of exit cases was 3,8421, representing a year-on-year increase
of 30.3%. In terms of fundraising, local governments and state-owned LPs continued to expand their capital
contribution and have become a major fundraising group; in terms of investment, private equity investment
institutions will benefit from the development of domestic innovative enterprises and from the business
opportunities brought about by capital market reforms.
      During the Reporting Period, CMS Zhiyuan Capital strengthened the establishment of fundraising system
and actively promoted the raising of funds with special features; vigorously explored investment opportunities
and strengthened project quality control; constantly optimized business process and improved the efficiency
of operation and management; seized market opportunities and realized the multi-channel exit of projects;
and leveraged upon the collaboration between the various business platforms of China Merchants Group and
the Company to achieve win-win cooperation. During the year of 2020, CMS Zhiyuan Capital completed the
establishment of funds, with an amount of RMB3.3 billion newly raised and recorded a cumulative AUM of
over RMB24 billion. Investments of these funds focused on Information and Communication Technology (ICT),
pharmaceuticals & medical, advanced manufacturing and other fundamental industries with an investment
scale of RMB2.8 billion during the year. In respect of post-investment management, 4 investees have
undergone IPO, with another 3 approved and another 3 filed for IPO. In respect of exiting, it has recorded a
total exiting proceeds of RMB2.6 billion during the year, rewarding the investors with positive returns.


(3)     Fund management

     In 2020, the domestic capital market reform was further reinforced, with the first batch of NEEQ select,
MOM funds and STAR Market 50 ETF approved, and public REITs and cross-market bond ETFs to be launched
soon; meanwhile, demands from residents wealth growth provided opportunities for the development of
the mutual fund industry. During the Reporting Period, the scale of new products issued in the mutual fund
industry reached RMB3,158.6 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 123.30% and a record high in
new product issuance size.




1
      1 exit transaction refers to the exit of 1 equity investment fund from 1 investee enterprise, and if N equity
      investment funds exit from 1 enterprise, it will be recorded as N cases.

                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               49
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



①    Bosera Funds

      The Company holds 49% of the equity of Bosera Funds. During the year of 2020, Bosera Funds adhered
to the strategy of “keeping a balanced development of quality, efficiency and scale, with quality going
first”, and promoted continuous growth in scale and improvement in efficiency and quality. Bosera Funds
emphasized on building the investment abilities of equity and pension, reinforced investment research abilities
in key sub-sectors, focused on building its investment strengths in two core asset categories that represent
the competitiveness of China’s economy, and economic restructuring and upgrading, as well as technological
innovation, continued to enhance its equity investment abilities, and consolidated its strengths in fixed income
investment.
      As of the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM of Bosera Funds was RMB1,319.4 billion (excluding the
assets managed by subsidiaries), of which assets managed under mutual funds (excluding feeder funds) was
RMB712.6 billion. According to the statistics from Wind, as at the end of 2020, Bosera Funds ranked eighth
in the industry in terms of AUM of non-monetary mutual funds ranked first in terms of AUM of bond mutual
fund.


②    China Merchants Fund

     The Company holds 45% of the equity of China Merchants Fund. During the year of 2020, China
Merchants Fund, with a view of transformation and upgrading, optimized the investment and research
mechanism, promoted marketing and system reforms, improved product portfolio, accelerated the
implementation of technology-driven strategies, strengthened internal integration and market alignment,
and focused on building core competencies to achieve a comprehensive development in respect of scale,
performance and efficiency.
      As of the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM of China Merchants Fund was RMB784.3 billion
(excluding the assets managed by subsidiaries), of which assets managed under mutual funds (excluding
feeder funds) was RMB503.3 billion. According to the statistics from Wind, as at the end of 2020, China
Merchants Fund ranked ninth in the industry in terms of AUM of non-monetary mutual funds, and ranked fifth
in both of AUM of bond mutual funds and AUM of equity mutual funds.


4.   Investment and trading

      Investment and trading business of the Company includes the investment and trading of equity and
fixed-income securities, foreign exchange and other financial products.
      In 2020, due to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, the global economy was under pressure,
highlighted by a rare meltdown in the US stock market, the first negative price for crude oil futures and
increased volatility in the domestic capital markets. The A share market, amid changes in the pandemic,
economy and macro policies, had undergone twists and turns before ending the year with three rising indices.
The domestic bond market was featured with broad volatility. The bond price and other safe-haven assets
rose sharply in the first quarter as the Covid-19 pandemic weighed on the global economy, and then after
the second quarter, the bond market fell amid volatility along with domestic economy growth and monetary
policies returning to normal. The ChinaBond Composite Total Return Index recorded an increase of 2.98%
during the year, lower than the average annual rise of the bond market over the past decade. The RMB
exchange rate weakened at first and then appreciated by 10% to 6.54 during the year.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

50
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     During the Reporting Period, the Company’s proprietary business actively engaged in range-based
operations on the basis of strict risk control, continued to strengthen its research abilities, further increased
the allocation of public funds and enhanced the stability of various strategies, all of which led to a decent
return.
      The derivative investment business of the Company actively engaged, via financial instruments and
derivatives, in market-neutral trade business by adopting quantitative trading and hedging approaches, in
order to gain return steadily with low-risk exposure. Currently, business mainly includes market-making, OTC
derivatives trading and quantitative proprietary business. In 2020, the Company actively applied new business
qualifications for its market-making business and has added 66 underlyings, ranking the Company among the
top tier in the industry in terms of number of underlying assets and market competitiveness. The Company
kept improving product competitiveness for its OTC derivatives business, covering various underlying assets
such as domestic and overseas stocks, indices and commodities, leading to rapid growth in business scale. The
Company’s quantitative proprietary business accurately captured opportunities arising from market volatility
and brought stable income to the Company. The Company was awarded the “Best Equity ETF Market Maker
2020”, “Best Cross-Border ETF Market Maker 2020” and “Outstanding Option Market Maker 2020” by the
Shanghai Stock Exchange.
      In respect of fixed-income investment business, the Company upheld its prudential investment
philosophy, strengthened macro research, market research and risk screening, steadily broadened the
scale of investment, enriched trading strategies, actively utilized various derivatives to develop market
neutral strategies and strengthened the capability of financial technology. As a result, its investment yields
significantly outperformed the market. During the reporting period, the Company actively participated in
market innovation business, and was among the first batch of participating interest rate options launched by
the Foreign Exchange Trade Center, standard forward contract on bond of Agricultural Development Bank of
China, and credit protection warrants launched by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The Company was awarded
the “Outstanding Proprietary Business Dealer in China Bond Market 2020” by China Central Depository &
Clearing Co., Ltd., and the “Outstanding Inter-bank Bond Market Dealer 2020” and “Active Inter-bank Local
Currency Market Dealer 2020” by China Foreign Exchange Trading Center.
      In terms of foreign exchange business, the Company has established a professional foreign exchange
trading team. It actively conducted foreign exchange trading on all types of foreign exchange products which
covers spot, forward, swap and option, and becoming the only securities firm which concurrently be selected
into the “Top 10 ESP (Executable Streaming Price) Transactions in the Inter-bank Renminbi Foreign Exchange
Market 2020” and “Top 100 Dealers in the Inter-bank Renminbi Foreign Exchange Market 2020”.
     In terms of alternative investment business, the Company has been steadily promoting strategic
investments in STAR Market projects and actively expanding its equity investment and financial product
investment. The Company’s equity investment business regarded strategic emerging industries of China as
the central theme, focused on quality enterprises with core competitiveness in areas of, among others, chips
and semiconductors, technology and internet, medical and health, new energy and new materials. Also, the
Company constantly provided value-added services to investee companies leveraging on the advantages of its
brokerage platform. The total equity investment amounted to RMB3.36 billion during the year.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             51
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(II)   Analysis of financial statement

1.     Details of changes related to profit and cash flows

                                                                                     Unit: 1,000 Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                                                                         Year-on-year
        Item                                                 Current period       Previous period             change

        Total revenue, gains and other income                      32,469,316             25,659,101           26.54%

        Total expenses                                             22,203,085             17,767,472           24.96%

        Profit before income tax                                   11,308,869              8,773,637           28.90%

        Profit of the year                                          9,503,867              7,313,283           29.95%

        Profit for the year attributable to
        shareholders of the Company and holders
        of other equity instruments                                 9,491,639              7,282,381           30.34%

        Net cash used in operating activities                      -33,343,495            -1,149,490                   —

        Net cash from/(used in)
        investing activities                                        2,520,985             -1,799,098                   —

        Net cash generated from
        financing activities                                       37,319,970              4,760,169          684.01%

        Net increase (decrease) in cash and
        cash equivalents                                            6,497,460              1,811,581          258.66%

      In 2020, the Company recorded total revenue, gains and other income of RMB32.469 billion, profit
before tax of RMB11.309 billion and profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company of RMB9.492
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.54%, 28.90% and 30.34%, respectively. Weighted average
return on net assets was 10.85%, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.34 percentage points.


2.     Income

                                                                                     Unit: 1,000 Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                          Current period                Previous period            Increase/Decrease

        Item                            Amount     Percentage          Amount     Percentage       Amount     Percentage

        Fee and commission income    12,798,077        39.42%         8,858,493      34.52%       3,939,584      44.47%

        Interest income                9,716,966       29.93%         8,288,799      32.30%       1,428,167      17.23%

        Net gain on investment         6,783,213       20.89%         6,159,670      24.01%        623,543       10.12%

        Net other income and gains     3,171,060           9.77%      2,352,139       9.17%        818,921       34.82%

        Total revenue, gains and
        other income                 32,469,316       100.00%        25,659,101     100.00%       6,810,215      26.54%



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

52
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     In 2020, the total revenue, gains and other income amounted to RMB32.469 billion, representing a year-
on-year increase of RMB6.810 billion, or 26.54%, among which:
      Fee and commission income recorded a year-on-year increase of 44.47%, among which, the income
from securities and futures brokerage business recorded a year-on-year increase of 63.96%, mainly
attributable to a year-on-year increase of 62.37% in average trading volume of A shares, and an increase in
the company’s market share of trading volume partially offset by the decrease in commission rate. The income
from underwriting and sponsorship business recorded a year-on-year increase of 26.36%, mainly attributable
to the increase in revenue from IPO business.
       Interest income recorded a year-on-year increase of 17.23%, mainly due to the expansion of market, the
rise in indices and the active transactions, an expansion of the scale of margin financing and securities lending
business, and a year-on-year increase of 33.82% in the interest income of margin financing and securities
lending; the active equity market, the increase in the margin deposited by clients, stock exchanges and non-
financial institutions, resulting in a year-on-year increase of 20.60% in interest income from stock exchanges
and non-financial institutions.
     Net investment gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 10.12%, primarily due to the increase in the
investment gains from proprietary equity.
     Net other income and gain recorded a year-on-year increase of 34.82%, mainly attributable to the
revenue growth of commodities.


3.   Expenses

                                                                              Unit: 1,000 Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                     Current period              Previous period           Increase/Decrease
      Item                          Amount     Percentage       Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage
      Depreciation and
      amortization                  591,279           2.66%     530,908        2.99%        60,371       11.37%
      Staff costs                 7,498,108       33.77%       5,559,394      31.29%     1,938,714       34.87%
      Fee and commission
      expenses                    2,101,235           9.46%    1,422,798       8.01%       678,437       47.68%
      Interest expenses           7,118,053       32.06%       6,393,610      35.98%       724,443       11.33%
      Tax and surcharges            140,492           0.63%      94,364        0.53%        46,128       48.88%
      Other operating expenses    4,598,325       20.71%       3,670,815      20.66%       927,510       25.27%
      Credit impairment losses      155,575           0.70%      92,027        0.52%        63,548       69.05%
      Other impairment losses            18           0.00%        3,556       0.02%        -3,538      -99.49%
      Total expenses             22,203,085      100.00%      17,767,472     100.00%     4,435,613       24.96%

     In 2020, the total revenue, gains and other income amounted to RMB22.203 billion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 24.96%, of which:
     Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB2.101 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
of 47.68%, of which fee and commission expenses of securities and futures brokerage business increased
by RMB0.688 billion along with the growth of business and the increase in income and a slight year-on-
year decrease in the expenses of underwriting and sponsorship business, asset management and fund
management business and financial advisory business.


                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               53
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     Interest expenses amounted to RMB7.118 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.33%,
mainly due to the increase in debt financing scale , partially offset by the decrease in interest rate of financing.
     Staff costs amounted to RMB7.498 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.87%, primarily
due to the increase in performance-based remuneration as a result of the increase in income.
     Credit impairment loss amounted to RMB156 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 69.05%,
primarily due to the increase in impairment loss of the business of financial assets under resale agreements
during the year.
     Other operating expenses amounted to RMB4.598 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
25.27%, primarily due to the increase in costs along with the growth in revenue of commodities.
        Other expenses mainly included depreciation and amortization, tax and surcharges and other impairment
loss.


4.      Segment revenues

4.1 Analysis of segment revenues and other incomes

                                                                                      Unit: 1,000 Yuan      Currency: RMB

                                      Current period           Previous period          Increase/Decrease

         Business segment           Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage     Change

         Wealth management and
         institutional business   16,777,661      51.67%    11,967,661      46.64%     4,810,000      40.19%       5.03%

         Investment
         banking                   2,205,761       6.79%     1,879,777       7.33%      325,984       17.34%      -0.54%

         Investment
         management                1,589,072       4.89%     1,873,773       7.30%      -284,701     -15.19%      -2.41%

         Investment and
         trading                   8,463,978      26.07%     7,358,834      28.68%     1,105,144      15.02%      -2.61%

         Others                    3,481,483      10.72%     2,640,073      10.29%      841,410       31.87%       0.43%

    In 2020, the total revenue, gains and other income of the Company amounted to RMB32.469 billion, of
which:
      Revenue from the wealth management and institutional business segment recorded a year-on-year
increase of 40.19%, mainly due to the year-on-year increase of 62.37% in average trading volume of A shares
in 2020, the increase in the market share of the trading volume of the Company, and a year-on-year increase
in net fee income from agency trading. The net income from financial products under agency sale and the net
interest income from margin financing and securities lending also recorded growth on year-on-year basis.
     Revenue from the investment banking business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 17.34%,
mainly due to the increase in income from IPO business.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

54
                                                Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     Revenue from the investment management business segment recorded a year-on-year decrease of
15.19%, mainly due to the decrease in income from private equity investment.
     Revenue from the investment and trading business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of
15.02%, mainly due to an increase in income from investment gains from proprietary equity.
     Revenue from other business segments recorded a year-on-year increase of 31.87%, mainly due to the
increase in revenue from the commodities.
      In terms of revenue composition, the proportion of operating income from the wealth management and
institutional business segment and other business segments increased by 5.03 and 0.43 percentage points,
respectively, and the proportion of investment banking business segment, investment management business
segment and investment and trading business segment decreased by 0.54, 2.41 and 2.61 percentage points,
respectively.


4.2 Analysis of segment expenses

                                                                           Unit: 1,000 Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                   Current period             Previous period          Increase/Decrease

      Business segment           Amount     Percentage       Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage

      Wealth management and
      institutional business   11,125,551       50.11%      8,620,568      48.52%     2,504,983      29.06%

      Investment
      banking                   1,024,669           4.61%    906,320        5.10%      118,349       13.06%

      Investment
      management                 462,933            2.08%    378,980        2.13%       83,953       22.15%

      Investment and
      trading                   5,638,679       25.40%      4,847,651      27.28%      791,028       16.32%

      Others                    3,999,892       18.02%      3,074,970      17.31%      924,922       30.08%

     Expenses of various business segments recorded a year-on-year increase to different extent, in which
expenses of wealth management and institutional business increased by 29.06%, mainly attributable to an
increase in performance-based remuneration resulting from the growth of revenue and the increase in stock
exchanges fees and network communication expenses incurred in relation to business operation; expenses of
investment and trading business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 16.32%, mainly attributable
to the increase in interest expenses resulting from the growth of investment scale and the growth of
performance-based remuneration driven by the increase in revenue; expenses of others segment recorded a
year-on-year increase of 30.08%, mainly resulting from the increase in cost of the commodities.




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           55
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



5.   Cash flows

                                                                           Unit: 1,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                                    Amount       Percentage
                                                   Current         Previous       increased/      increased/
       Item                                         period           period       decreased       decreased

       Net cash used in operating activities   -33,343,495       -1,149,490      -32,194,005              —

       Net cash generated from (used in)
       investing activities                      2,520,985       -1,799,098       4,320,083               —

       Net cash generated from
       financing activities                     37,319,970        4,760,169      32,559,801         684.01%

       Net increase in cash and
       cash equivalents                          6,497,460        1,811,581       4,685,879         258.66%

     In 2020, the net increase in cash and cash equivalents of the Company was RMB6.497 billion. Of which,
the net cash used in operating activities recorded a deficit of RMB33.343 billion. The net cash generated
from investing activities of RMB2.521 billion. The net cash generated from financing activities amounted to
RMB37.32 billion.
     (1)   Net cash used in operating activities recorded a deficit of RMB33.343 billion, representing a
           decrease of RMB32.194 billion as compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in advances
           from financing customers of RMB14.345 billion, the increase of financial assets held under
           resale agreements of RMB13.909 billion and the decrease financial assets sold under repurchase
           agreements of RMB14.879 billion, partially offset by the decrease in financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss of RMB5.789 billion and an net increase in other current liabilities of
           RMB8.209 billion.
     (2)   Net cash generated from investing activities amounted to RMB2.521 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB4.32 billion as compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in the proceed from
           the disposal of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income of RMB4.610
           billion during the year.
     (3)   Net cash generated from financing activities amounted to RMB37.320 billion, representing an
           increase of RMB32.560 billion as compared to 2019, primarily due to the proceed from the A share
           and H share rights issue completed during the year of RMB14.824 billion, a year-on-year increase
           of proceed received from the issue of bonds of RMB43.348 billion, partially offset by the repayment
           of bonds and short-term debt instruments of RMB24.508 billion.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

56
                                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



6.   Overview of consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                               Unit: 1,000 Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                       December 31, 2020            December 31, 2019           Increase/Decrease
      Item                                             Amount       Percentage      Amount     Percentage      Amount      Percentage
      Non-current assets
         Property and equipment                       1,547,029         0.31%      1,540,746       0.40%          6,283        0.41%
         Right-of-use assets                          1,608,964         0.32%      1,610,549       0.42%         -1,585        -0.10%
         Goodwill                                         9,671         0.00%          9,671       0.00%             —              —
         Other intangible assets                        19,988          0.00%        15,855        0.00%          4,133       26.07%
         Investment in associates                     9,508,149         1.90%      8,833,586       2.31%       674,563         7.64%
         Equity instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                   7,420,580         1.48%      7,057,809       1.85%       362,771         5.14%
         Debt instruments at amortised cost            921,389          0.18%      1,424,662       0.37%       -503,273       -35.33%
         Financial assets held under resale
         agreements                                   1,362,032         0.27%      2,170,301       0.57%       -808,269       -37.24%
         Financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss                               7,565,032         1.51%      2,708,857       0.71%      4,856,175      179.27%
         Deferred tax assets                          1,818,424         0.36%       826,872        0.22%       991,552       119.92%
         Other non-current assets                     1,132,319         0.23%       817,565        0.21%       314,754        38.50%
         Total non-current assets                    32,913,577         6.59%     27,016,473       7.08%      5,897,104       21.83%
      Current assets
         Advances to customers                       81,754,350        16.36%     55,224,619      14.47%     26,529,731       48.04%
         Current tax assets                            106,799          0.02%       180,145        0.05%        -73,346       -40.71%
         Account and other receivables                6,429,522         1.29%      3,213,572       0.84%      3,215,950      100.07%
         Debt instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                  44,614,600         8.93%     45,734,307      11.98%     -1,119,707        -2.45%
         Debt instruments at amortised cost            818,001          0.16%       469,974        0.12%       348,027        74.05%
         Financial assets held under
         resale agreements                           50,898,293        10.19%     33,509,524       8.78%     17,388,769       51.89%
         Financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss                             166,030,032        33.22%    135,437,211      35.48%     30,592,821       22.59%
         Derivative financial assets                  1,726,339         0.35%      1,805,819       0.47%        -79,480        -4.40%
         Deposits with Exchanges and
         non-bank financial institutions              9,067,233         1.81%      4,780,890       1.25%      4,286,343       89.66%
         Clearing settlement funds                   22,529,340         4.51%     12,471,616       3.27%     10,057,724       80.64%
         Cash and bank balances                      82,838,593        16.58%     61,927,739      16.22%     20,910,854       33.77%
      Total current assets                          466,813,102        93.41%    354,755,416      92.92%    112,057,686       31.59%
      Total assets                                  499,726,679       100.00%    381,771,889     100.00%    117,954,790       30.90%




                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                    57
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      As at the end of 2020, the total assets of the Company was RMB499.727 billion, increased by
RMB117.955 billion, or 30.90%, as compared with the end of 2019. The total current assets amounted to
RMB466.813 billion and total non-current assets accounted to RMB32.914 billion. Financial assets2 as at the
end of the period increased by RMB34.457 billion as compared with the end of 2019, and the financial assets
held under resale agreements and advances to customers as at the end of the period increased by RMB43.110
billion as compared with the end of 2019.
      The Company has maintained satisfactory assets quality and liquidity. Net current assets as at the end
of 2020 amounted to RMB134.334 billion, representing an increase of RMB21.165 billion, or 18.70% over
last year, which was primarily due to growth in scale of financial assets and advances to customers. As at the
end of 2020, the Company’s cash and bank balances and clearing settlement funds, financial assets, advances
to customers, financial assets held under resale agreements and investment in associates accounted for
21%, 46%, 16%, 10% and 2% of the total assets, respectively. As compared with the end of last year, the
share of cash and bank balances and clearing settlement funds to the total assets and the share of advances
to customers and financial assets held under resale agreements to the total assets increased by 2 and 3
percentage points respectively and the share of financial assets to the total assets decreased by 5 percentage
points.




     2
           Financial assets = Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income + Financial assets
           measured at amortized cost + Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss + Equity instruments at
           fair value through other comprehensive income + Derivative financial assets

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

58
                                                        Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



                                                                                     Unit: 1,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                             December 31, 2020            December 31, 2019          Increase/Decrease
Item                                         Amount       Percentage      Amount     Percentage     Amount      Percentage
Current liabilities
  Short-term borrowings                     3,290,295         0.84%      3,103,673       1.05%      186,622         6.01%
  Short-term debt instruments              36,216,758         9.19%     33,098,616      11.16%     3,118,142        9.42%
  Placements from other
  financial institutions                   11,002,762         2.79%      7,013,199       2.36%     3,989,563       56.89%
  Accounts payable to brokerage clients    85,441,243        21.69%     61,724,220      20.81%    23,717,023       38.42%
  Accrued staff costs                       6,759,837         1.72%      5,042,877       1.70%     1,716,960       34.05%
  Other payables and accrued charges       18,451,855         4.68%      6,847,972       2.31%    11,603,883      169.45%
  Current tax liabilities                    249,546          0.06%        57,064        0.02%      192,482       337.31%
  Financial liabilities at fair value
  through profit or loss                   11,249,844         2.86%      7,918,509       2.67%     3,331,335       42.07%
  Derivative financial liabilities          3,071,802         0.78%      2,183,222       0.74%      888,580        40.70%
  Financial assets sold under
  repurchase agreements                   119,258,195        30.28%     97,706,686      32.94%    21,551,509       22.06%
  Lease liabilities                          294,159          0.07%       267,627        0.09%       26,532         9.91%
  Provisions                                     377          0.00%             —             —         377              —
  Long-term borrowings due
  within one year                            253,004          0.06%      1,144,880       0.39%      -891,876       -77.90%
  Bonds payable due within one year        36,939,761         9.38%     15,478,614       5.22%    21,461,147      138.65%
Total current liabilities                 332,479,438        84.41%    241,587,159      81.44%    90,892,279       37.62%




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         59
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                  December 31, 2020          December 31, 2019          Increase/Decrease
       Item                                       Amount     Percentage      Amount     Percentage     Amount      Percentage
       Net current assets                      134,333,664      34.10%    113,168,257      38.15%    21,165,407       18.70%
       Total assets less current liabilities   167,247,241      42.46%    140,184,730      47.26%    27,062,511       19.30%
       Non-current liabilities
         Accrued staff costs                      395,360        0.10%       525,040        0.18%      -129,680       -24.70%
         Deferred tax liabilities                 790,161        0.20%       485,282        0.16%      304,879        62.83%
         Financial liabilities at fair value
         through profit or loss                  2,692,207       0.68%      2,157,877       0.73%      534,330        24.76%
         Deferred income                          119,340        0.03%       122,537        0.04%        -3,197        -2.61%
         Lease liabilities                        966,240        0.25%       984,520        0.33%       -18,280        -1.86%
         Long-term borrowings                     418,353        0.11%       268,735        0.09%      149,618        55.67%
         Bonds payable                          56,040,867      14.23%     50,512,888      17.03%     5,527,979       10.94%
       Total non-current liabilities            61,422,528      15.59%     55,056,879      18.56%     6,365,649       11.56%
       Total liabilities                       393,901,966     100.00%    296,644,038     100.00%    97,257,928       32.79%

      As at the end of 2020, the total liabilities of the Company was RMB393.902 billion, representing
an increase of RMB97.258 billion, or 32.79%, as compared with the end of 2019. The current liabilities
amounted to RMB332.479 billion and non-current liabilities amounted to RMB61.423 billion. Accounts
payable to brokerage clients increased by RMB23.717 billion as compared with the end of 2019. The balance
of financial assets sold under repurchase agreements as at the end of the period increased by RMB21.552
billion; the balance of bonds payable as at the end of the period increased by RMB26.989 billion; and the
balance of placements from other financial institutions as at the end of the period increased by RMB3.990
billion.
      Excluding the accounts payable to brokerage clients, as at the year-end the total assets of the Company
amounted to RMB414.285 billion, increased by RMB94.238 billion, or 29.44%, as compared with the end
of 2019, and the total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB308.461 billion, increased by RMB73.541
billion as compared with the end of 2019, representing a growth of 31.30%. The gearing ratio, after
deducting accounts payable to brokerage clients, of the Company was 74.46%, representing a rise of 1.06
percentage points as compared with the end of 2019.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

60
                                                             Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



                                                                                       Unit: 1,000 Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                  December 31, 2020         December 31, 2019       Increase/Decrease

      Item                                        Amount Percentage         Amount Percentage       Amount Percentage

      Equity

      Share capital                              8,696,526       8.22%     6,699,409      7.87%    1,997,117     29.81%

      Other equity instruments                  15,000,000      14.17%    15,000,000     17.62%           —             —

      Capital reserve                           40,361,022      38.14%    27,533,939     32.34%   12,827,083     46.59%

      Less: treasury shares                             —             —     663,954       0.78%     -663,954   -100.00%

      Investment revaluation reserve —
      financial assets at fair value through
      other comprehensive income                  288,626        0.27%      542,629       0.64%     -254,003    -46.81%

      Foreign currency translation reserve         -43,094      -0.04%      278,786       0.33%     -321,880   -115.46%

      General reserves                          18,514,639      17.50%    16,401,426     19.27%    2,113,213     12.88%

      Retained profits                          22,919,086      21.66%    19,256,086     22.62%    3,663,000     19.02%

      Equity attributable to
      shareholders of the Company              105,736,805      99.92%    85,048,321     99.91%   20,688,484     24.33%

      Non-controlling interests                    87,908        0.08%       79,530       0.09%        8,378     10.53%

      Total equity                             105,824,713     100.00%    85,127,851    100.00%   20,696,862     24.31%

      As at the end of 2020, the equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company was RMB105.737
billion, representing an increase of 24.33% as compared with the end of 2019, in which an increase in net
assets of RMB14.824 billion was attributable to the A and H shares rights issues completed during the year.
Net profit attributable to the parent company amounted to RMB9.492 billion, partially offset by the dividends
distributed to shareholders of RMB2.913 billion and interest payable for perpetual subordinated bonds of
RMB802 million.




                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        61
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(III) Analysis of investment

1.    Analysis of total external equity investments

      The amount of external equity investment by the Company did not increase during the Reporting Period.


(1)   Significant equity investments

                                                                                                                                     Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                  Change
                                                                                                                in equity
                                                                                                         attributable to
                                          Shareholding     Shareholding                     Gain or loss      the owner
                                              as at the        as at the                     during the       during the
                                Initial   beginning of           end of        Closing        Reporting        Reporting
                           investment       the period       the period       balance            Period            Period
       Investees            (RMB0,000)               (%)              (%)   (RMB0,000)       (RMB0,000)       (RMB0,000) Accounting item Source
       Bosera Asset
       Management                                                                                                        Long-term equity
       Co., Limited         369,319.04            49.00            49.00    557,918.03        61,104.27        -385.88   investment         Acquisition
       China Merchants
       Fund Management                                                                                                   Long-term equity   Promotion and
       Co., Ltd.             85,084.45            45.00            45.00    285,740.02        40,673.26        -378.92   investment         acquisition
       Total                454,403.49             —                —       843,658.06       101,777.53        -764.80

      Note: 1.        Closing balance referred to in the table is the balance net of provision for impairment as at the end
                      of the period.
               2.     Gain or loss during the Reporting Period referred to in the table refers to impact of the investment
                      on the combined net profit of the Company for the Reporting Period.
               3.     Change in equity attributable to the owner during the Reporting Period referred to in the table
                      excludes the impact of profit and loss during the Reporting Period.

(2)   Financial assets measured at fair value

                                                                                                          Unit: 10,000 Yuan          Currency: RMB

                                                              As of the end of December 2020                    January – December 2020
                                                                        Initial
                                                                   investment                                   Investment
                                                                 cost/nominal                                 gains/interest                Change in
       Item                                                           amount                Fair value               income                 fair value
       Financial assets held-for-trading                        16,874,605.80            17,359,506.39           699,563.77                 163,788.63

       Other debt investments                                     4,360,658.42            4,461,460.02           190,392.28                 -47,689.93
       Other equity investments                                      708,183.34            742,057.98                        —               16,346.71
       Derivative financial assets                                                         172,633.89
                                                                36,520,006.11                                   -162,585.27                 -20,202.55
       Derivative financial liabilities                                                    307,180.16
       Financial liabilities held-for-trading                     1,396,454.10            1,394,205.11            -29,750.52                  -4,147.39
       Sub-total                                                             —                        —          697,620.26                 108,095.48

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

62
                                                Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(IV) Analysis of subsidiaries

1.    Analysis of subsidiaries

(1)   China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (incorporated in the People’s Republic
      of China with limited liability)

     CMS Asset Management is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered
capital of RMB1 billion. Its principal business is securities asset management.
                                                                        Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                     For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                    the end of 2020           the end of 2019
       Registered capital                                               100,000                   100,000
       Total revenue, gains and other income                            128,588                   119,597
       Net profit                                                        76,106                    74,940
       Total assets                                                     490,621                   458,849
       Net assets                                                       394,061                   418,169



(2)   China Merchants Securities International Company Limited (incorporated in Hong Kong Special
      Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

      CMS International is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities and has a paid-up capital
of HK$4.104 billion. CMS International, through its subsidiaries, is principally engaged in securities and
futures contracts brokerage, custody services, listing sponsorship, financial advisory, corporate financing,
investment management, asset management, market researches and other businesses permitted by regulatory
rules of the place where its subsidiaries operate.
                                                                        Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: HKD

                                                                     For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                    the end of 2020           the end of 2019
       Paid-up capital                                                  410,363                   410,363
       Total revenue, gains and other income                            150,654                   120,796
       Net profit                                                        50,577                    21,626
       Total assets                                                   2,924,544                 2,710,822
       Net assets                                                       631,119                   578,325



(3)   China Merchants Futures Co., Limited (incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with
      limited liability)

      China Merchants Futures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered
capital of RMB3.598 billion. Its principal businesses include commodity futures brokerage, financial futures
brokerage, futures investment consultation and asset management. As at the end of December of 2020,
China Merchants Futures has 4 futures branches in Beijing, Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hangzhou, 1 branch
office in Henan and 1 risk management subsidiary.
                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                        63
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



                                                                         Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                      For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                     the end of 2020           the end of 2019
       Registered capital                                                359,800                    63,000
       Total revenue, gains and other income                             371,609                   268,935
       Net profit                                                         21,306                    14,916
       Total assets                                                    1,953,530                   813,958
       Net assets                                                        477,283                   159,177



(4)   China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (incorporated in the People’s Republic of
      China with limited liability)

     CMS Zhiyuan is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered capital
of RMB2.1 billion and a paid-up capital of RMB1.8 billion. CMS Zhiyuan mainly engages in private equity
investment funds and related consultancy and advisory services and other business as permitted by regulatory
authorities.
                                                                         Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                      For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                     the end of 2020           the end of 2019
       Registered capital                                                210,000                   210,000
       Total revenue, gains and other income                              17,882                    64,834
       Net profit attributable to the parent company                       2,941                    34,722
       Total assets                                                      639,631                   653,996
       Net assets attributable to the parent company                     257,415                   254,475



(5)   China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (incorporated in the People’s Republic of China
      with limited liability)

     CMS Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered capital
of RMB7.1 billion. It principally engages in alternative investment businesses such as financial products and
equity investment other than those listed in the “List of Securities Investments for Proprietary Trading of
Securities Companies”.
                                                                         Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                      For/as of                 For/as of
       Item                                                     the end of 2020           the end of 2019
       Registered capital                                                710,000                   310,000
       Total revenue, gains and other income                              64,538                      6,001
       Net profit                                                         48,130                    10,729
       Total assets                                                      809,373                   223,382
       Net assets                                                        781,004                   222,083

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

64
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



2.    Analysis of associated companies

(1)   Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited

     The Company holds 49% equity interest in Bosera Funds. Bosera Funds was established on July 13, 1998
as one of the first five mutual fund management companies in mainland China. Its business scope includes
fund raising, sales of funds, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.
      The following table sets forth the major financial data of Bosera Funds during the Reporting Period:
                                                                             Unit: 10,000 Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                                             As of                       As of
       Item                                                        the end of 2020             the end of 2019
       Registered capital                                                  25,000.00                  25,000.00
       Operating income                                                  422,601.19                  348,589.72
       Operating profit                                                  164,882.20                  120,683.30
       Net profit                                                        124,702.59                   91,288.90
       Total assets                                                      885,922.70                  739,638.43
       Net assets                                                        576,083.01                  482,167.93


(2)   China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.

     The Company holds 45% equity interest in China Merchants Fund. China Merchants Fund was
established on December 27, 2002. Its business scope includes fund management, promotion and
establishment of funds, and other businesses approved by the CSRC.
    The following table sets forth the general financial condition of China Merchants Fund during the
Reporting Period:
                                                                             Unit: 10,000 Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                                             As of                       As of
       Item                                                        the end of 2020             the end of 2019
       Registered capital                                                131,000.00                  131,000.00
       Operating income                                                  323,513.20                  258,739.52
       Operating profit                                                  116,932.94                  102,360.14
       Net profit                                                          90,385.02                  80,262.29
       Total assets                                                      823,661.02                  729,539.96
       Net assets                                                        590,634.46                  538,431.49



(V) Structured entities controlled by the Company

     As of December 31, 2020, the Group consolidated 15 structured entities, including mainly collective
asset management schemes, investment funds, trust products and limited partnership. Under the
circumstance that the Group is involved in a structured entity as manager and investor, the Group assesses
whether its potential variable returns will be significantly affected by the returns attributable to its investment
and the remuneration as a manager and whether the Group is a principal of the entity. As of December 31,
2020, the total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB7.964 billion.



                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               65
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(VI) Financing

1.   Financing Channels

     The Company has established diversified financing channels in respect of equity, allowing it to proceed
with equity financing through issuance of A and H shares and rights issue. It has extended its diversified
debt financing platform, covering domestic stock market, inter-bank market, China Securities Interagency
Quotation Systems Co., Ltd., Shanghai Gold Exchange, China Securities Finance Co., Ltd. and overseas
markets. Debt financing products include, but are not limited to, foreign debts, publicly or privately issued
corporate bonds, perpetual subordinated bonds, subordinated bonds, short-term corporate bonds, financial
bonds, short-term financing bonds, beneficiary certificates, margin trading rights as collateral financing,
securities refinancing, interbank borrowing and repurchase. Smooth and diversified financing channels
provide a solid guarantee for the Company’s stable operation.
      Major financing activities during the year: in 2020, the Company publicly issued 5 tranches of corporate
bonds to qualified investors, raising a total of RMB19.7 billion; privately issued 4 tranches of corporate bonds,
raising a total of RMB15.5 billion; issued 1 tranche of subordinated bonds, raising a total of RMB5.5 billion;
issued 16 tranches of financing bonds on rolling basis, raising a total of RMB62 billion; issued 81 tranches of
beneficiary certificates, raising a total of RMB47.845 billion and issued one oversea debts, raising a total of
USD0.3 billion.


2.   Structure of liabilities

       As of the end of 2020, the total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB393.902 billion. Excluding
the transaction settlement funds from customers, the liabilities amounted to RMB308.461 billion. Liabilities
mainly included publicly or privately issued corporate bonds, subordinated bonds, financial bonds, foreign
bonds, asset-backed special program, beneficiary certificates, bank borrowings, interbank borrowing
and repurchase. As of the end of 2020, the balance of bonds payable amounted to RMB92.981 billion,
accounting for 30.14% of the Company’s own liabilities. Long-term borrowings amounted to RMB0.671
billion, accounting for 0.22% of the Company’s own liabilities. The balance of financial assets sold under
repurchase agreements amounted to RMB119.258 billion, accounting for 38.66% of the Company’s own
liabilities. Short-term borrowings amounted to RMB3.290 billion, accounting for 1.07% of the Company’s
own liabilities. Borrowings amounted to RMB11.003 billion, accounting for 3.57% of the Company’s own
liabilities. Currently, the Company has no debts overdue. The solvency of the Company is strong and the
liquidity risk is controllable.


3.   Liquidity management

       In respect of liquidity management, the Company aims to maintain the liquidity according to its business
strategies at a level such that it is adequate to settle the debts when they fall due and to expand business
when necessary. The liquidity should be sufficient to provide the Company with working capital without
the need of funds from disposal of assets. The Company also maintains sufficient liquid assets and available
facilities to meet unexpected financial needs.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

66
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      With regular analysis of and monitoring on the size and structure of assets and liabilities, the Company
was able to maintain adequate premium liquid assets while keeping proper size and duration of its assets
and liabilities to support business development. The Company has an asset and liability management system
and has determined liquidity risk indicators for different levels of management to monitor the compliance of
limits of assets and liabilities. Such measures are taken to ensure the liquidity of the Company with reasonable
structure of assets and liabilities in terms of size and maturity. The Company has an internal capital pricing
system to regulate the capital flow. A real-time monitoring system and a quantified analysis model for
investment business have been established. Data are collected for sensitivity analysis, stress test, and VaR
analysis to keep track the liquidity risk of investment business. The management of the Company will be
alerted of any risks exceeding the liquidity alert level and any rapid deterioration of risks for remedial actions.
The Company has established an internal risk reporting system to promptly monitor the liquidity risk in the
operation of all businesses at each branch so that the Company could take measures to maintain the safety
and sustainability of its operations. The Company has a financing policy to secure funds when necessary.
It also explored financing channels and methods to satisfy its financial needs for operation. The Company
maintained high liquidity through effective asset allocation during the year.


(VII) Business innovation and risk control during the Reporting Period

1.   Business innovation during the Reporting Period

     In 2020, the Company has firmly seized the new opportunities arising from the reform and development
of capital market to make innovation and serve for the economy.
      The Gazelle Incubator Program has been promoted to provide services to corporate clients. Integrated
one-stop comprehensive financial service were provided to strategic emerging enterprises, especially those
high technology enterprises with high potential of growth. As of the end of the reporting period, almost one
hundred enterprises were included in such Program. The investment banking business has established the
industry’s first working paper rating system, which enables quantitative evaluation of project working paper in
terms of three indicators: completeness, timeliness and standardization of working drafts, and helps improve
project quality control. In respect of wealth management service, we continued to develop a customer-
oriented wealth management ecosystem by offering “selected mutual funds” and “private investment funds
50” and launched the mini-programme of China Merchants Securities Wealth and Merchants Wealth Smart
Investment* (招商財富+與招財智投) to assist customers in asset value growth. As for institutional clients
service, the Company has built a professional trading service platform Geetek, which covers a number of
services, such as investment management, high-speed quotes, high-speed trading, algorithmic trading,
quantitative platform, etc. The Company is one of the very few brokers in the industry with independent
research and development capabilities of FPGA, and launched its self-developed FPGA high-speed quotes
system in 2018, and continues to maintain iterative updates in the quotes and trading to provide customers
with competitive trading services in the industry. The Company released the “Private Investment Funds
Index of China Merchant Securities” to consolidate our innovation advantage in institutional business, and
help institutions expand their business quickly. We actively expanded cooperation in cross-border business,
including cross-border equity swap business written on offshore equity assets which achieved a breakthrough
in trading volume, reaching RMB2.295 billion by the end of 2020. Meanwhile, we succeeded in carrying out
cross-border equity swap business for such type of bonds as required by our clients. Besides, we also recorded
positive expansion in derivative business as a total of 23 newly added market-making underlying were made in
futures and options market and a total of 43 new market-making underlying were recorded in funds market.
      We insisted on the view that business growth should be led by technology and vigorously promoted
digital transformation. An aggregate of RMB994 million (including manpower expenditure) was invested in
information technology in 2020, representing a year-on-year increase of 52.22%. More than 43 financial
technology innovation fund projects were established throughout the year, with value amounted to RMB160
million, which was used to fully empower investment research, wealth management, customer services,
operation management and risk management. The construction of a new generation of core business systems
based on cloud-native technology has experienced positive progress since the “new generation of unified
counter system” was launched to create a standardised, regulated and intelligent operating procedure for
counter business and promote centralised operations. We also propelled the development of a competence
middle platform, vigorously promoted the application of digital staff, reinforced the asset and production
nature of data, and built BI (Business Intelligence) business analysis to support management decisions.

                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               67
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



2.   Risk control for innovative business

     ①     The Company has established a decision-making and management structure for innovation
           activities and formulated relevant management systems to ensure that all innovation activities are
           carried out in compliance with relevant laws and regulations under reasonable risk control.
           The Company has established the Innovation Development Committee as the decision-making
           body to promote innovation activities, responsible for making decisions on major matters relating
           to innovation activities. We also established the Financial Technology Innovation Fund Committee
           as the decision-making body for the financial technology innovation fund, and established the
           Technology Innovation Office as the department for the coordination and promotion technology
           innovation. The Company’s Risk Management Department and Legal Compliance Department
           involve in the early stages from project establishment, design and validation and conduct risk
           assessment and compliance validation and help to avoid any potential legal risks in relation to
           innovation activities if the risks involved in innovation activities are fully validated and assessed, and
           provide guidance to business departments to improve the internal control systems and procedures.
           Major innovative activities are also subject to special review and consideration by the Company’s
           Risk Management Committee.
     ②     Establish a risk monitoring and pre-warning system for innovation activities and dynamically adjust
           the monitoring indicators to ensure that the risk exposure to innovation activities is always kept
           within an acceptable range as far as the Company’s net capital and liquidity concerned.
           In respect of development of innovative activities, the Company designs various monitoring
           indicators and risk limits based on the risk characteristics of innovative activities, tracks the risk
           dynamics of innovative businesses in real time, and provides risk alerts to business departments in a
           timely manner when there are abnormalities in the risk indicators, to ensure that the risk exposure
           to innovation activities is always kept within an acceptable range as far as the Company’s net
           capital and liquidity concerned.
     ③     Incorporate the development of innovative businesses into the scope of internal audit and
           implement comprehensive inspections on the management system, control processes and system
           construction of relevant businesses to continuously improve the effectiveness of internal control
           system of innovative businesses.
           The Audit Department of the Company focuses on innovative business during its auditing, and
           the audit scope covers important aspects of innovative business. Through inspection on the
           management systems, operational processes and information systems involved in innovative
           business, the department evaluates the effectiveness of the internal control system of innovative
           business on a separate basis, makes suggestions for improvement in respect of the problems found
           in the inspection and supervises the management of innovative business to rectify and implement
           relevant measures, so as to promote the continuous improvement of the internal control standard
           of our innovative business through post-event supervision.


(VIII) Establishment and disposal of branches

     During the Reporting Period, China Merchants Securities has not newly established or withdrawn
branches or securities branches, and completed relocation of two branches and 31 securities branches within
the same cities. A subsidiary of China Merchants Futures has set a new branch.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

68
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



III. Discussion and Analysis of Future Development of the Company

(I)    Industry pattern and trend

1.     Accelerated promotion of capital market reform

       Under the 14th Five-Year Plan, a series of reforms would be implemented and promoted in capital
market in various aspects, including, general implementation of registration system for stock issuance,
establishment of regular delisting mechanism, increase of proportion of direct financing, quality improvement
of listed issuers and furthering the two-way opening-up of the financial industry, with an aim of continuously
enhancing the underlying systems, propelling the domestic capital market to step into higher quality
development and further strengthening the capability of serving for the physical economy. As essential
participants in the capital market, securities companies are facing strategic opportunities along with the
expansion of capital market both in depth and breadth.


2.     Intensified competition in securities industry

      On one hand, the leading brokers have maintained their leading position in terms of comprehensive
competitiveness benefiting from their capital strength, client base and brand influence, while small and
medium-sized brokers have actively replenished capital in recent years and compete in areas such as IPO and
internet brokerage business to form their own distinctive advantages, which leads to increasingly intensified
competition in the industry. With the further penetration of the two-way opening-up in the financial industry,
international investment banks are accelerating their business development in the domestic capital market. By
virtue of their strong technological capability, capital strength and experience in overseas markets, they will
compete vigorously with domestic brokers in areas such as high-end client services and asset management.
On the other hand, the in-depth reform of capital market has provided solid foundation for domestic financial
institutions to expand into new businesses. At present, a number of securities companies, fund companies,
commercial banks and fund distribution institutions have become pilot institutions for fund investment
advisory business, which will become an important approach for various institutions to broaden customer base
and strengthen wealth management business, resulting in furious competition among securities companies.


(II)   Development strategies of the Company

1.     Opportunities for the Company

      Firstly, the securities industry will continue to benefit from the capital market reform as the reform
continues to advance. Secondly, the rapid growth of residents’ wealth and the strong demand for wealth
management has laid the foundation for securities companies to accelerate the transformation of wealth
management. Thirdly, the continuous injection of long-term capital and growth of institutional investors will
bring securities companies more diversified business opportunities and more profitable models. Fourthly,
under the national innovation-driven strategy, high-tech enterprises are experiencing a period of rapid
development, bringing opportunities for securities companies’ direct equity investment business. Fifthly, with
availability of more financial instruments, rapid improvement of the operating systems and trading mechanism
and the two-way financial opening-up, there is a prosperous prospect for cross-market investment and
trading.



                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           69
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



2.   Challenges faced by the Company

      Firstly, the rapid increase in customers’ demand will drive for the transformation of the business model
of securities companies into integrated and digitalized operation, which poses huge challenges to the
securities companies in organization and operation capabilities as well as comprehensive risk management
capabilities. Secondly, new technologies including mobile internet, big data, cloud computing, blockchain
and artificial intelligence expedites the reconstruction of the ecosystem for financial industry, and whether
or not a securities company can take the advantage in differentiated competition depends on its ability to
efficiently apply technology. Thirdly, there is an irresistible trend for the securities industry to remain under
comprehensive and strict regulation. Fourthly, amid the further opening up of the securities industry, the
international financial institutions will leverage on global resources, mature customer services model and the
flexible and rapid innovation capabilities, which will impose direct impacts to China’s securities industry’s
relatively traditional business management system and the customer services model.


3.   Development strategies of the Company

     From 2019 to 2023, the Company will uphold its strategic vision of “being customer-oriented to
become the best investment bank in China with international competitiveness” and comply with the overall
requirements of “advocating quality first, prioritizing efficiency, maintaining moderate scale” so as to
accomplish the goals of “aiming the top five Chinese brokers in terms of all competitiveness”, implementing
the “reform strategies” and realizing high quality development and sustainable growth. In this regard,
the Company will focus on its customers’ needs and carry out five core strategies of “leading by the value
of investment banking business, establishing institutional customer business with special features and
advantages, building up wealth management business with distinctive edges, expanding consolidated
operating model with multi-channels and wide variety of products and strengthening the integration of cross-
borders business” during the planning period, so as to provide one-stop integrated services to customers
and persistently enhance our overall competitiveness. In the meantime, the Company will be more dedicated
in maintaining the “five” core capabilities, namely risk management, technologies, talents, synergies and
capital, in a bid to support the healthy growth of all business segments of the Company.


(III) Business plans

      The business environment faced by the Company remains complex in 2021. Externally, the COVID-19
epidemic is still spreading globally and the outlook for global economic recovery remains uncertain. China will
consolidate its achievements in epidemic prevention and control as well as economic and social development,
and accelerate building of a new development pattern with the domestic circulation as the priority and
promoting positive interplay between domestic and international dual circulation. The capital market is in an
essential position of an in-depth reform, and the regulation will, focus on registration system reform, which
drives innovation in the key system of capital market, in order to establish a more inclusive and adaptable
multi-tiered capital market and continuously strengthen direct financing to support physical economy, aiming
to further stimulate market vitality. At the same time, the pace of high-level two-way opening-up reform
of the securities industry will be further accelerated, and leading foreign-invested financial institutions
will accelerate their pace of tapping into the domestic market, which will further highlight the trend of
concentration of leading market players and the competition will be intensified.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

70
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      The year 2021 is the first year of the 14th Five-Year Plan of China, and also a key year for implementation
of our new five-year strategy. The Company will continue to carry forward the spirit of Shekou and be
determined to make aggressive reform and innovation, maintaining the momentum of growth in operating
revenue and net profit and striving to achieve further improvement in overall competitiveness. In terms of
business development, the Company will adhere to the general policy of “light capital operation and heavy
asset allocation” and focus on “three enhancements”, namely, enhancement in service transformation, asset
allocation and business synergy. In terms of internal management, we will stick closely to the deployment
and requirements under the three-year action plan for SOE reform and China Merchants Group’s decision of
“management improvement with world class standards as the benchmarks”, and focus on “four advances”,
namely, promoting management improvement, mechanism change, technology leadership and cultural
construction.


IV. Potential risks

     During the Reporting Period, the Company adhered to the philosophy of “taking the lead in innovation
with controllable risk level” and continued to explore new risk management practices and approaches to
ensure its long-term and sustainable development. Details of the risk management profile and relevant
measures in relation to the market risk, credit risk, operational risk, liquidity risk and other risks during the
business operation of the Company are as follows:


(1)   Risk management

1.    Risk management structure

     Since inception, the Company has been committed to establishing an innovative and insightful
risk management system that is aligned with its operation strategies and covers its core business lines
comprehensively. Sound corporate governance and effective risk management and internal control system
have been put in place to cope with the risks in the securities market faced by the Company.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             71
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      In accordance with the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Companies (《證券公司內部控制指
引》) and Enterprise Risk Management Standard of Securities Companies (《證券公司全面風險管理規範》),
and taking into account its operational needs, the Company has taken the lead in establishing a five-level
risk management structure, consisting of strategic arrangements of the Board, supervision and inspection of
the Supervisory Committee, risk management decision of the senior management and the Risk Management
Committee, risk control and supervision of relevant departments in charge of risk management and the direct
management of other departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries.
     The chart below sets out our risk management organizational structure:
                                           Risk Management
                                        Organizational Structure


                                                  Maximize Interests of Shareholders

                                                       Shareholders’ General Meeting




                                                      Strategic Arrangement and
                                                        Risk Appetite Approval

                                                            Board of Directors                               Supervision and Inspection

                                                                                                                Supervisory Committee

                                                        Risk Management Committee




                                                      Risk Management Decisions

                                                               Management



                                                        Risk Management Committee



                                                                                              Investment
                                 Securities                                        Capital      Banking
                                              Credit Risk       Valuation
                                Investment                                       Commitment     Business
                                              Committee        Committee                       Risk Policy
                                Committee                                         Committee
                                                                                              Committee


        Before Trading:                                                                                                     Post Trading:
       Self-Management                           During Trading: Independent Risk Management                          Supervision and Evaluation


                                       Risk            Capital               Legal and
     Business                                                                                 General                           Audit
                 Subsidiaries       Management       Management             Compliance
   Departments                                                                                 Office                         Department
                                    Department       Department             Department



     The overall risk management responsibilities of each department/position in the risk management
organizational structure of the Company are as follows:
     ①      The Board and its Risk Management Committee are responsible for reviewing and approving the
            overall risk management system, the risk appetite, risk tolerance and various risk limit indicators
            of the Company, convening quarterly meetings to review quarterly risk reports and thoroughly
            assessing the risk management of the Company.
     ②      The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising and examining the operation of the risk
            management system of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

72
                                                Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



     ③    The senior management is fully responsible for the risk management in the Company’s business
          operation. They regularly review risk assessment reports, formulate risk management measures
          and establish risk limit indicators. The Risk Management Committee was set up under the senior
          management as the highest risk management decision-making body at the operation level. The
          Company has also appointed a Chief Risk Officer to oversee the formation of the overall risk
          management system, monitor, evaluate and report the enterprise risk level, and provide risk
          management advice for business decision-making of the Company. In addition, the Securities
          Investment Committee, Credit Risk Committee, Valuation Committee, Capital Commitment
          Committee and Investment Banking Business Risk Policy Committee were set up under the Risk
          Management Committee and responsible for making collective decisions based on experts’
          suggestions on issues relating to securities investment, credit risk, securities evaluation, capital
          risks and investment banking business risk within their respective scope of authorization. The risk
          management of subsidiaries is managed by the enterprise risk management system of the Company
          through vertical management approach. The person-in-charge of risk management of subsidiaries
          shall be nominated, appointed, removed and appraised by the Chief Risk Officer of the Company.
     ④    As the department in-charge of co-ordinating the Company’s management over market, credit
          and operational risks, the Risk Management Department is responsible for managing the market
          risks and credit risks, as well as assisting and guiding other business departments in managing
          operational risks of the Company. As the department in-charge of the liquidity risk management
          of the Company, the Capital Management Department is responsible for managing liquidity risks
          and the formation of the liquidity risk management system. The Legal and Compliance Department
          is responsible for managing the compliance and legal risks as well as money laundering risks of
          the Company and assisting the Chief Compliance Officer in reviewing, supervising and examining
          the compliance over the business operations and practice of the Company and its employees, and
          promoting the implementation of work in relation to anti-money laundering. The General Office is
          responsible for managing the reputation risks of the Company together with the Risk Management
          Department and other relevant departments. The Audit Department is responsible for auditing and
          examining the effectiveness and execution of the risk management procedures of the Company
          as well as conducting an overall evaluation of the internal control system of the Company at least
          once a year.
     ⑤    Each of the business departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company
          is directly responsible for risk management and supervision of their respective business and
          management fields.
     The Company has established a “three lines of defense” system of risk management to identify, assess,
address, monitor, inspect and report risks. The first line of defense is the departments and branches which
conduct effective self-regulated risk management; the second line of defense is the relevant risk-control
functions that carry out professional measures on risk management; and the third line of defense is the Audit
Department which focuses on inspecting and assessing risks after they occur.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          73
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Risk management system

     Guided by the Enterprise Risk Management System of China Merchants Securities (《招商證券全面風險
管理制度》) and the Rules of Procedures for Risk Management Committee of the Board (《董事會風險管理委
員會工作規則》), the Company has developed a risk management system that covers various risk exposures
including overall, market, credit, operational, liquidity, reputation and money laundering risks and specifies
the boundaries and general principles of each risk category.


(3)   Quantitative risk management indicator system

      The Company has established a quantitative risk management indicator system covering risk appetite,
risk tolerance, economic capital and risk limit, so as to prioritize businesses with higher risk-adjusted returns
for resources allocation. This approach has effectively improved the risk management and the corporate value
of the Company.
      ①    Coherent risk appetite and tolerance indicators: Risk appetite framework establishes the
           fundamental attitude of the Board and the senior management towards the balance between
           risk and return based on the analysis of various risk exposures of the Company. Risk tolerance is
           a quantitative limit indicator that reflects the effectiveness of risk management. According to the
           risk appetite, the Company has set risk tolerance indicators for each specific business line based on
           its characteristics to specify the maximum tolerance of the risk management. After years of effort,
           the Company has developed clear risk appetite descriptions covering risk types such as overall risk,
           market risk, credit risk, operational risk and liquidity risk, based on which a risk appetite indicator
           system and a risk tolerance indicator system were established. The Company sets its targets of risk
           appetite and risk tolerance at the beginning of each year and determines economic capital budget
           and business authorization accordingly. The Company monitors and reports risk appetite and risk
           tolerance on a monthly basis, and continuously reviews the risk management based on the results.
      ②    Scientific economic capital management model: The Company took the lead to introduce an
           economic capital management model in the securities industry in 2006, and kept on optimizing
           the methodologies on economic capital measurement and improving the economic capital
           management process. Our economic capital management covered market risk, credit risk and
           operational risk. The Company has developed internal models to measure market risk and credit
           risk of the economic capital that are sufficiently sensitive to risk factors and practically sound. It
           measured operational risks according to the standards under the Basel Accords. The measurement
           of economic capital is generally used in risk monitoring, quantitative assessment and performance
           assessment.
      ③    Business authorization management system with the core of risk limits: Within the statutory
           business scope, the Company granted business authorization at different levels based on the
           risk rating of the business. The Company granted authorization prudently based on the risk
           management capability, implementation of business authorization and actual risk management
           results of each business department, so as to improve decision-making efficiency while keeping the
           risks under control. Unauthorized operations are strictly prohibited. Authorized persons at each
           level must exercise their power and undertake business activities only within the authorized scope.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

74
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      ④    Comprehensive stress testing mechanism: The Company established the Administrative
           Measures for Stress Testing (《壓力測試管理辦法》), which specified the division of duties among
           departments in stress test and determined the methods and procedures of stress test. The Company
           conducts routine or ad hoc stress test on liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk, as well as net
           capital and other risk limit indicators, based on business and market development. With this
           approach, the Company can effectively evaluate changes in the operation and risk profiles under
           extreme circumstances.


(4)   Risk management culture

     The Company adheres to a sound risk management culture and has integrated risk control and
compliance into the corporate culture of China Merchants Securities, emphasizing that compliance and risk
control are the lifeline of the Company and proposing that “professional compliance and risk control can not
only hold the bottom line, but also facilitate business expansion”. The Company ensured all the employees
to exercise risk management through promotion platforms at different levels to promote its risk management
culture. The Company safeguarded the effectiveness of its comprehensive risk management system through a
performance appraisal system and an accountability mechanism which cover all employees and are linked to
the effectiveness of risk management.


(5)   Risk management IT system

     The Company fully understood the importance of IT system in the modern risk management and
thus has enhanced the intelligence, systemization and collectivization of its risk management system with
reference to the experience drawn from international leading investment banks. With the establishment of
a platform for innovative integrated intelligent risk management of the Group, the Company realized the
idea of managing risks which were associated with cross-border businesses of the parent company and its
subsidiaries, globalization and multiple currencies in T+1 days with enhanced transparency. The Group won
second prize of the Shenzhen Financial Innovation Award. Massive risk data was put under the scope of data
governance, and through data comparing models and applying sets of rules for data examination, the risk
management platform safeguarded data consistency and accuracy; the Company utilized techniques such
as model constructing and historical data analysis to refine the calculation of risk indicators of the market,
creditability and liquidity as well as to manage risks from multiple dimensions; the Company automated
the monitoring and warning on risk data and limit indicators so as to address potential risks in time. With
the Group’s integrated risk data collection, the Company integrated the collection and management of risk
data from the parent company and its subsidiaries. Each subordinate risk management system which was
constructed based on the collected data integrates into one platform through a risk management and control
center, and thus allows single-point login and unifies access management, forming a unified risk control
perspective on the Company’s risk profile. All subsidiaries were put under the scope of the risk management
platform to standardize data input and output, data standards and indicators measurements between the
parent company and its subsidiaries, and therefore realizing management and control on subsidiaries in all
aspects for risk data, risk appetite, risk reporting and risk events. The platform for integrated intelligent risk
management of the Group met the industry-leading standard for risk data governance with the capacity to
allow the system being widely applied, significantly improving the efficiency of risk management and reducing
the workloads stemmed from data-handling, which in turn helped the Company explore innovative, complex
and cross-border businesses.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              75
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



2.    Market risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The market risk of the Company is the risk of losses on its investment portfolio due to adverse changes
in market conditions. The investment portfolio of the Company includes portfolios covering equity, fixed-
income, commodity, foreign exchange and equity investment. Major market risks of the Company include:
      ①    equity risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in prices and volatility of equity
           securities such as stocks, stock portfolio and stock index futures;
      ②    interest rate risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to yield curve of fixed-income investment,
           interest rate movements and credit spreads;
      ③    commodity risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in spot commodity prices,
           forward commodity prices and volatility;
      ④    exchange rate risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in spot exchange rate, forward
           exchange rate and volatility;
      ⑤    equity investment risk: attributable to the risk exposure to changes in fair value of equity
           investment projects and private equity funds investment.


(2)   Market risk management approaches

      In order to manage the market risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    a comprehensive, multi-currency and cross-market risk management system;
      ②    generic and specific market risk management methods.
       Through these measures, the Company has robustly controlled the market risk. However, the usage
and effectiveness of such measures are subject to certain limitations and various factors, such as hedging
effectiveness, changes in market liquidity, and relevance of hedging prices. Therefore, based on market
development and changes in the portfolio as well as real-time and accurate assessment of market risk, the
Company has continuously improved and adjusted the risk management measures to actively manage market
risks.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

76
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Responsibilities for market risk management

      The Company collectively allocates the economic capital in accordance with a series of risk appetite
and tolerance indicators set by the Board. By considering the risk and return associated with each type of
investment and for the purpose of relevance and diversification, the Company allocates the overall risk
limitation to different business departments and business lines and formulates corresponding business
authorization. Directly confronted with the market risk, the front-office business departments are responsible
for risk management as the first line of defense. The person in charge and the investment manager conduct
trades and the front-line risk management within the scope of authorization by virtue of their in-depth
knowledge and extensive experience in the relevant markets and products. They dynamically control the
market risk exposures to the securities held by the Company and actively take risk management measures to
reduce or hedge against such risks. The Risk Management Department, which is a department responsible
for supervision and management independent from the business departments and is headed by the Chief
Risk Officer, uses professional risk management tools and methods for controlling, evaluating and managing
different levels of market risk from investment strategies, business departments and business lines and the
Company. Different risk reports and analyses and assessment reports are delivered on a daily, monthly and
quarterly basis to the operation management and the responsible officers of the business departments and
business lines of the Company. When a risk indicator is approaching or exceeds the threshold values, the Risk
Management Department will send an early warning and risk warning to the operation management as well
as the responsible officers of the relevant business departments and business lines in a timely manner. Based
on the review opinions from the management of the Company and committee, the business departments will
be urged to take corresponding measures. The Risk Management Department will continuously communicate
with the respective business departments and business lines with regard to the latest market conditions, the
current risk exposures, and possible losses in extreme situations.


(4)   Measurement of market risk

      The Company uses a series of risk measurement approaches to measure and analyze potential market
risk losses under different market situations. The Company mainly employs VaR as the risk management
instrument to measure potential losses from regular fluctuation in the short-term market. Stress test is also
used to assess possible losses under extreme circumstances.


      ①    VaR

            The Company employs VaR, a common instrument used by international financial institutions, as
      its major tool for risk measurement. VaR analysis is a statistical technique that estimates the potential
      losses that could occur in portfolio positions due to movements in market prices over a specified time
      period and at a given level of confidence. The Company uses a VaR with a confidence level of 95% and
      a holding period of one day as a major indicator measuring the market risk. Historic market data is used
      in the VaR model. It also takes into account the impact of relevant risk factors in various risk types such
      as equity, interest rate, commodity and exchange rate on the portfolio position of the Company. In this
      way, movement in the market risk arising from changes in securities prices, interest rate, commodity
      prices and exchange rate, etc. can be measured and the diversified effects of the portfolio are also
      considered.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             77
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



           With an ongoing expansion of the businesses, the Company continues to refine the VaR model,
      including adding risk factors in the new market and optimizing the computation. In addition, the
      Company examines the accuracy of the VaR computation through methods such as a back-testing.
            For certain particular investment portfolio of the Company (such as equity investment including
      private equity investment, equity funds investment and structured equity investment) lack of liquidity,
      VaR may not be considered as an effective measure for risk calculation. Therefore, the Company has
      followed the industry practice to forecast the potential effect by assuming that the value of assets
      invested drops for a certain percentage.


      ②    Stress test

            Stress test is an integral and complementary instrument in the VaR risk measurement. Potential
      losses on the portfolio position under extreme circumstances were evaluated through stress test.
      Potential losses from a single risk factor or specific stressful circumstance were also assessed. Through
      analysis of risks and return, the Company examined the compliance of various key regulatory indicators
      as well as the bearing on the Company. For non-linear options portfolios, the Company established a
      stress test matrix based on the subject and the fluctuation ratio and conducted daily stress test so as to
      control significant tail risks.


      ③    Sensitivity analysis

             The Company has also conducted sensitivity analysis on certain risk factors, including interest rate
      and exchange rate, to analyze their potential effects by measuring the possible changes in the assets and
      liabilities portfolio when the specific risk factor is assumed to have changed by a certain rate while all
      other factors remain constant.


(5)   Market risk limit management system

      The Company has already established relevant risk limit indicator system in departments, business lines
and even trading strategies, in order to control the fluctuation of profit and loss and market risk exposure.
The risk limit of the Company is determined with reference to the risk appetite and tolerance after taking into
account the investment features, risks and effects on overall risk exposures of different operations. The risk
limit is adjusted based on the market environment, business development needs and risks of the Company.
      The risk limit of the Company mainly comprises size, concentration ratio, quantitative risk value
(including VaR and Greeks, etc.), stop-loss and other indicators. The Company has implemented classified
review system and respective sub-limit indicators within the risk limit are applied to business departments,
business lines and investment managers. The operation management is able to effectively manage the overall
risk exposure of the Company with risk indicators at the Company level. Business departments, business lines
and investment managers are able to enter into transactions effectively within the scope of sublimit indicators.
Sub-risk limit indicators, therefore, do not serve as risk tolerance of business but mainly a mechanism which
reports any increasing risks in risk management when certain conditions are fulfilled.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

78
                                                   Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



      The Risk Management Department independently monitors each risk limit of the Company on a daily
basis. The department will warn or remind the operation management, relevant business departments and
business lines in a timely manner if the risk limit is to be reached or is exceeded. Such business departments
and lines will issue analysis reports and propose appropriate measures and, according to the specific
condition, reduce risk exposures or increase risk threshold based on the authorization system.
     The Company has continuously optimized the risk limit system and enriched risk limit system for the
Company, business departments, business lines and trading strategies based on the existing indicators and
pursuant to the business development and risk management of the Company. Specific rules or guidelines have
been set up and the limit system was further optimized.


3.    Credit risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The credit risk of the Company refers to the risk of economic loss caused by the failure of a borrower
or counterparty to fulfill their contractual obligations. Our credit risk arises primarily from the following four
businesses:
      ①    financing businesses such as securities lending, stock pledge repo and margin financing in which
           clients breach the contract and cannot repay the debts owed to the Company;
      ②    investment in bonds, trusts and other credit products in which the issuer or the borrower breaches
           the contract, generating the risk that the principal and the interest cannot be paid;
      ③    OTC derivatives business such as an equity return swap, interest rate swap, OTC option or
           forward contract in which the counterparties or the spot counterparties fail to fulfill their payment
           obligation;
      ④    brokerage business in which clients default after brokers trade and settle securities, futures and
           other financial products on behalf of the clients due to their lack of funds on the settlement date.


(2)   Management of credit risk

      In order to effectively control credit risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    Prudent and proactive credit risk management culture;
      ②    An institutional system covering all stages and a risk policy system based on risk limits;
      ③    Industry-leading credit risk management quantitative tools;
      ④    An internal credit rating system with the best practice in the industry;
      ⑤    Full coverage of the substantive assessment of credit risk.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              79
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



    The Company has adopted the following measures including credit risk limit, internal credit rating,
quantitative management of collaterals and credit risk measurement model to manage credit risk:

     ①     Credit risk limit

          The Company has adopted a classified credit risk limit system to control risk exposure. In
     accordance with the risk appetite and risk tolerance set by the Board, the Risk Management Department
     has monitored, reported and issued warning on the implementation of each limit indicator, including
     business scale limit, low-rating bonds investment ratio, the value of margin financing granted to a single
     customer and the market value of a single collateral to total market value ratio, which were formulated
     based on credit features and subject to relevant adjustments based on market condition, business
     development needs and risk profile of the Company.

     ②     Internal credit rating

           The Company has developed several internal credit rating models and comprehensive internal
     credit rating systems based on the characteristics of different industries and target customers, to rate
     the credit standings of borrowers or bond issuers and their debts. Internal credit rating results are
     gradually employed in business authorization, limit forecast, limit approval, risk monitoring, asset quality
     management, etc. The internal credit rating has become an important instrument for credit business
     decisions and risk management.

     ③     Quantitative management of collaterals

           The Company has paid great attention to how the quality of collateral guarantees can protect our
     rights as a creditor. The Company has strengthened collateral management by establishing negative
     collateral lists mechanism and collateral conversion rate models and adjusting collateral types and
     conversion rate periodically. The adjustment mechanism on conversion rate is determined based on
     intrinsic value (financial statements) and market factors (market price fluctuation, increase, etc.). The
     Company has also founded a centralized collateral monitoring mechanism and key collaterals assessment
     mechanism.

     ④     Credit risk measurement model

            The Company has taken into account each credit transaction with factors such as client mix, single
     liability amount, duration of borrowing, collateral coverage ratio and concentration of collaterals when
     conducting credit rating, borrower qualification assessment and collateral quantitative management
     on its counterparties. The aforementioned factors will be reflected as parameters such as probability
     of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and maturity (M) to calculate the possible default loss for each
     credit transaction. Hence, the credit risk measurement model reflects the aggregate credit risk of the
     Company and is adjusted based on risk calculation by stress testing and sensitivity analysis.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

80
                                                  Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Responsibility for managing credit risk

      The Risk Management Committee of the Board is responsible for the review and approval of credit
risk appetite. The Risk Management Committee of the Company is responsible for the review of overall risk
management on credit business and development of major high-risk and innovative credit business. The Risk
Management Committee of the Company and its Credit Risk Committee are responsible for the approval
for the loan provision policy and high-risk credit business. All business departments of the Company are
responsible for the particular operation, management and monitoring of credit-related business. The Risk
Management Department of the Company is responsible for the research and establishment of credit risk
management system, the determination of credit risk appetite and tolerance, formulation of loan provision
policy of the Company and independent monitoring and warning on credit risk.


(4)   Credit risk management on principal businesses

     In respect of margin financing and securities lending, stock pledged repurchase, stock repurchase
business and other financing businesses, the Company has established a multi-faceted business approval
management system and a sound full-process risk management system covering all stages in advance of,
during and after an event by virtue of client due diligence, credit approval, post-loan evaluation, approval of
and dynamic adjustment to collaterals, mark-to-market system, forced liquidation and disposal on default.
     For debt securities investment business, the Company has developed an internal credit rating system
to assess the credit rating of issuers and counterparties. The Company kept track of credit ratings of issuers
and counterparties by means of minimum rating requirements for various types of investments and issuers
through a business authorization system, concentration limits, monitoring and risk examination, etc. The risk
management of risky bonds was enhanced through subsequent monitoring such that the credit risk of bond
investment business can be managed.
      For OTC derivatives trading business, the Company has formulated a set of management measures and
rules in relation to the appropriateness of investors, client due diligence, credit extension to counterparties,
conversion rate of securities, effective monitoring of gearing ratio, management of collaterals and follow-up
on default of clients, in order to strengthen the management before, during and after trading.
     For brokerage business, the securities trading for domestic customers of whom the Company are an
agent are settled by margin in full. With regard to the trading of securities and other financial products for
overseas customers, the Company has effectively controlled the relevant credit risk by strengthening the
management over credit grant and customer deposits.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            81
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



(5)   Risk exposure of the Company’s investment in domestic and overseas bonds at the end of the
      Reporting Period

                                                                              Unit: 10,000 Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                                December 31, 2020           December 31, 2019

       Offshore bond

       PRC sovereign bonds                                                 8,773,453                   5,487,568

       AAA                                                                 5,701,097                   7,522,352

       AA+                                                                   720,649                     817,432

       AA                                                                    183,353                     252,896

       AA-                                                                        747                           —

       Below AA-                                                                4,086                         899

       A-1                                                                     94,130                      30,722

       Non-rated                                                             290,737                       57,026

       Sub-total                                                          15,768,252                  14,168,895

       Offshore bond

       PRC sovereign bonds                                                        340                         267

       A                                                                       16,692                      95,175

       B                                                                     338,927                     459,871

       C                                                                            —                           —

       D                                                                            —                           —

       Non-rated                                                                3,521                       7,440

       Sub-total                                                             359,480                     562,753

       Total                                                              16,127,732                  14,731,648

      Note 1: The above data is provided on a consolidated basis;
      Note 2: PRC sovereign bonds represent the rating of bonds issued by the government of the PRC. AAA~AA-
              and below AA- represent debt ratings. If there is no debt rating, issuer rating would be used instead,
              where AAA is the highest rating, and A-1 is the highest rating for short-term financing bonds. Non-
              rated represents that the credit rating agency has not rated the issuer or debt.
               Credit rating of the bonds issued in Hong Kong and other regions were derived from the lowest of
               Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Rating, if any. The bonds, which are not rated by the above
               agencies, are classified as Non-rated. Including in A rating are the bonds comprising Aaa~A3 rating
               of Moody’s, AAA~A-rating of Standard & Poor’s and AAA~A- rating of Fitch; including in B rating are
               the bonds comprising Baa1~B3 rating of Moody’s, BBB+~B- rating of Standard & Poor’s and BBB+~B-
               rating of Fitch; including in C rating are the bonds comprising Caa1~C rating of Moody’s, CCC+~C
               rating of Standard & Poor’s and CCC+~C rating of Fitch; and including D rating are the bonds
               comprising D rating of Standard & Poor’s and D rating of Fitch.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

82
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



4.    Operational risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     Operational risk refers to the risk arising from imperfect or problematic internal procedures, employees,
systems or external events.
     Operational risk events mainly include the following seven categories: internal fraud, external fraud,
employment policy and safety of working environment, customers, products and business activities, damage
of physical assets, interruption of business operation and shutdown of IT system, and execution, settlement
and process management.


(2)   Operational risk management

      Operational risk management has been the focus among all types of risk management. Through
development of mechanisms such as prior coordination, whole process monitoring and information collection
after loss from operational risks, a refined operational risk management cycle has been established. In order
to effectively manage operational risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①   The Company has established comprehensive systems for operational risk management in
          accordance with the New Basel Accord and our strategic development needs, and effectively led
          the operation of various businesses through measurement and allocation of operational risk-based
          economic capital;
      ②   The Company has established a scientific system on the basis of operational risk appetite, tolerance
          and management policy. The Company improved the operational risk governance structure in a
          dynamic way;
      ③   The Company has established a system of pre-risk identification and assessment covering all
          business procedures of all units, subsidiaries and branches by using operational risk and self-
          assessment management tools with procedure rationalization as the focus, facilitating the
          formation of an operational risk manual;
      ④   The Company has continued to set up a system of key indicators of risks to further enhance risk
          monitoring based on risk-prone areas of different business features and operations by formulating
          risk management standards and conducting management by classification;
      ⑤   By using operational risk events and loss data collection management tools, the Company
          collected and summarized the internal and external operational risk events encountered by each
          of our businesses, analyzed reasons of the events and formulated alleviation plans, as well as
          strengthened the following-up of and improvements in the operational risk events;
      ⑥   The Company has promoted the systematic application of three major operational risk
          management tools on risk identification and assessment, risk monitoring and events collecting and
          reporting by establishing an operational risk system, so as to effectively improve the efficiency of
          the Company’s operational risk management and its management standard;
      ⑦   The Company paid great attention to the training and promotion of culture relating to operational
          risk management. The Company emphasized the importance of conducting risk identification and
          control before introducing innovative products and innovative businesses. Through various kinds of
          trainings and promotions, operational risk management covers all the departments and branches of
          the Company.


                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          83
Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



5.    Liquidity risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The Company’s exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from failure to obtain sufficient funds at
reasonable costs and in a timely manner to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy
other capital needs for normal business operation. If there are material and adverse changes in operating
condition in the future and the Company is not able to maintain its gearing ratio at a reasonable level, and its
operation experiences unusual changes, it may not be able to repay the principal of, or interest on, relevant
debts in full when due.
     Possible liquidity risk events and factors of the Company include cash flow strains, persistent high
financing costs, downgraded regulatory rating, blocked financing channels and difficulties in servicing
concentrated mature debts.


(2)   Duties of liquidity risk management

       The management of the Company is responsible for reviewing the significant event on liquidity risk
management and making related decision, and a treasury operating mechanism for centralized management
and control of liquidity risk has been established, and the Capital Management Department is responsible
for daily risk management of liquidity of the Company. The Company conducts dynamic management of
the funding scale for each business and formulates financing plans by taking into account of factors such as
liabilities and business development of the Company as well as the market condition.


(3)   Management measures for liquidity risk

      In order to prevent liquidity risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    The Company has established high-quality current asset reserves and a minimum excess reserve
           quota system. It has formulated liquidity contingency plans to store minimum excess reserve in the
           capital plan and reserved treasury bonds, policy financial bonds and other highly liquid assets which
           can be liquidated at any time under extreme circumstances to cover unexpected expenses;
      ②    The Company has actively developed management for financing gaps. By using management tools
           such as a cash flow gap, sensitivity analysis and stress testing, it can identify potential risks at
           an early stage and arrange financing and adjust the pace of fund usage for business purposes in
           advance so as to effectively manage the payment risk;
      ③    The Company has continuously expanded its financing channels and balanced the distribution of
           debt maturity so as to avoid the payment risk caused by a single financing channel or servicing
           mature debts;
      ④    The Company has established an internal risk reporting system to promptly monitor the liquidity
           risk in the operation of each business and at each branch. In addition, it has taken measures to
           promote the safety, soundness and sustainability of the aforementioned operations.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

84
                                                 Chapter 4: Report of the Board of Directors



6.   Dynamic control over risk control indicators and the establishment of a mechanism on capital
     replenishment

      The Company strictly implements the relevant requirements of regulatory authorities and has established
dynamic control over risk control indicators and replenish mechanism on net capital and liquidity, covering
system establishment, arrangement and staff deployment, to ensure persistent achievements of the targets of
risk control indicators and the details are as follows:
      The Company has established a control system over risk control indicators and realized T+1 dynamic
control over all risk control indicators and automatic advance warning functions. The Company has
formulated “Management Method of Risk Control Indicators” (《風險控制監管指標管理辦法》) and
“Management Method of Stress Tests” (《壓力測試管理辦法》) to formally set up the mechanism for the
management of risk control indicators and stress tests over the indicators. The Company has designated
staff to perform regular monitoring over the risk control indicators and immediately report abnormalities. In
future, the Company has set up a net capital replenishment mechanism and replenish net capital through,
among others, issue of capital, subordinated debts based on the stress tests and analysis over the risk control
indicators over a period of time.
      During the Reporting Period, all risk control indicators on net capital and liquidity of the Company
satisfied the regulatory requirements and the Company has not recorded any non-compliance with the
regulatory requirements. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the net capital of the Company amounted to
RMB58.654 billion.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           85
Chapter 5: Major Events


I.    Proposals on Profit Distribution for Ordinary Shares or Conversion of
      Capital Reserve

(I)   Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

     While striving to achieve sustainable growth and development, the Company also attached great
importance to provide reasonable, steady and constant returns to investors, and has implemented a
continuous and stable profit distribution policy.
      The Company may distribute its profits in the form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and
shares, and may distribute its profit by way of cash dividend as priority. The specific distribution ratio will be
determined by the Board according to the operating status of the Company and the relevant requirements
of CSRC, subject to the approval at the shareholders’ general meeting. Under the premises that both the
profit and risk control indicators of the Company have met the regulatory requirements, and after taking into
account the operation and long-term development needs of the Company, the Company has adopted profit
distribution in the form of cash.
      The profit distribution of the Company complies with the following requirements:
      1.   profits distributed by the Company in cash each year shall be no less than 10% of distributable
           profits realized in that year, and for any three consecutive years, profits accumulatively distributed
           by the Company in cash shall be no less than 30% of annual average distributable profits realized
           for such three years;
      2.   the Company may not distribute profits beyond the scope of accumulative distributable profits and
           shall ensure that, after the implementation of the profit distribution plan, all risk control indexes
           comply with the standard warning requirements set out in the Measures for the Risk Control
           Indexes of Securities Companies;
      3.   the Company shall in principle distribute profits once each year, but the Board may suggest the
           Company make the interim cash dividend distribution according to its profitability and funding
           requirements and on relevant conditions; and
      4.   where the Company maintains the consistency of share capital expansion with business
           development and performance growth on the premise of complying with the provisions concerning
           cash dividend distribution contained in (1) above and ensuring the reasonable scale of share capital
           of the Company, it may distribute dividends in shares or by other means.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated and implemented the interim profit distribution
plan for 2020 in accordance with the requirements on the policy, decision-making process and arrangement
of dividend under the Plan on Shareholders Returns of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (2018-2020) (《招
商證券股份有限公司股東回報規劃(2018年-2020年)》) and the Articles of Association of China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司章程》).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

86
                                                                               Chapter 5: Major Events



     The proposal on the interim profit distribution for 2020 is as follows:
     The Company declared a cash dividend of RMB3.35 for every 10 shares (tax included) to all shareholders,
amounting to cash dividends of RMB2,913,336,480.01 in total (tax included). The cash dividends declared
accounted for 67.22% of the net profits attributable to shareholders of the parent company in the interim
consolidated statement of the Company in 2020. (Note: As the Company was engaged in the rights issue
exercise in the first half of 2020, no proposal on the profit distribution for 2019 was made. The total cash
dividends accounted for 40.01% of the net profits attributable to owners of the parent company in the
consolidated statement in 2019).
     Such cash dividend will be denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares in RMB
and to holders of H Shares in Hong Kong dollar. The actual amount of dividend paid in Hong Kong dollar will
be determined based on the average exchange rate of RMB and Hong Kong dollar published by the People’s
Bank of China for the five business days immediately before the date of the Company’s second extraordinary
general meeting for 2020.
     The profit distribution plans were reviewed by the Company’s independent Directors and were approved
by the Board before they were submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting for approval. The proposals
were considered and passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, where the vote by minority shareholders
was counted separately.
     The profit distribution policy adopted by the Company is in compliance with laws and regulations as
well as stipulations of the Plan on Shareholders Returns of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (2018-
2020) (《 招 商 證 券 股 份 有 限 公 司 股 東 回 報 規 劃 (2018 年 -2020 年 ) 》) and the Articles of Association. The
dividend distribution standard and ratio were specified and clear, and the relevant decision-making process
and arrangement were complete. The independent Directors of the Company have fully performed their
responsibilities in the course of making decisions on profit distribution and the legitimate rights and interests
of minority shareholders were safeguarded.
     The interim profit distribution plan for 2020 of the Company was implemented on December 11, 2020.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             87
Chapter 5: Major Events



(II)   Plan or proposal for distribution of dividend for ordinary shares or conversion of capital
       reserve into share capital of the Company for the last three years (including the Reporting
       Period)

                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan           Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                    Percentage of
                                                                                                                  Net profit             net profit
                                                                                                             attributable to       attributable to
                                                                                                                  holders of            holders of
                                                                                                            ordinary shares       ordinary shares
                                                                                                                of the listed         of the listed
                                                                                                           company for the            company as
                                                                   Conversion into                         year as stated in         stated in the
                                 Bonus share       Dividend for    share capital for                       the consolidated          consolidated
                                   for every    every 10 shares     every 10 shares     Cash dividends              financial             financial
        Year                10 shares (share)    (tax inclusive)            (share)      (tax inclusive)         statements       statements (%)

        2020                             —                 4.37                 —      3,800,382,214.22    9,491,638,796.98                  40.04

        Half year of 2020                —                 3.35                 —      2,913,336,480.01    4,333,834,391.86                  67.22

        2019                             —                  —                   —                   —      7,282,380,829.33                    —

        2018                             —                 2.64                 —      1,768,644,062.86    4,424,985,940.97                  39.97

       Note 1:     As the Company was engaged in the rights issue exercise in the first half of 2020, no proposal on
                   the profit distribution for 2019 was made. The total interim cash dividends for 2020 accounted
                   for 40.01% of the net profits attributable to owners of the parent company in the consolidated
                   statement in 2019.
       Note 2:     According to the “Opinions on Supporting the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies” (《關於
                   支持上市公司回購股份的意見》), where listed company repurchases its shares by means of offer or
                   centralized auctions with the consideration in cash, it shall be deemed as cash dividend of the listed
                   company and be counted in the calculation of relevant proportion of cash dividend. On December
                   19, 2019, the Company completed the repurchase of the Company’s A shares, and the total amount
                   of repurchase was RMB663,895,568.36 (excluding transaction fee), accounting for 9.12% of the net
                   profits attributable to owners of the parent company in the consolidated statement in 2019.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

88
                                                                            Chapter 5: Major Events



(III) Tax reduction

1.   A Shareholders

      Pursuant to the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and
Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關
問題的通知》(財稅[2015] 101號)) and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of Differentiated
Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) (《關於實
施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》(財稅[2012] 85號)) and issued by the Ministry of
Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus received by corporate
investors on shares with holding period less than one month (inclusive) from the date when the corporate
investors acquired the listed shares from public issuance or secondary market to the date which is one day
before the settlement of the shares, a tax levy at the tax rate of 20% is imposed. For holding period between
one month to one year (inclusive), 50% reduction will be applied to the tax rate imposed on the amount of
dividend and bonus, with effective tax rate of 10%. For holding period of more than one year, no income
tax will be imposed on the dividend and bonus. For the dividend and bonus distributed by listed companies
to individual investors, no individual income tax will be charged for holding period of less than one year
(inclusive). Pending to the transfer of shares, Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation shall calculate
the tax payable based on the holding period and the Company shall withhold the tax through Securities
Depository and Clearing Corporation. Dividend and bonus received from listed companies by securities
investment companies shall pay individual income tax pursuant to the requirements of Cai Shui [2012] No. 85.
     For resident enterprise shareholders, income tax on their cash bonuses shall be paid by themselves.
      For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), pursuant to provisions in the Notice on Issues
Regarding Withholding and Payment of Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute
Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the QFII (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47) (《國家稅務總局關於中國居民企業
向QFII支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知》(國稅函[2009] 47號)) issued by the State
Administration of Taxation, corporate income taxes are withheld and paid by the listed company at the tax
rate of 10%. If the QFII shareholder intends to claim the preferential treatment as stipulated in tax treaties
(arrangements) after obtaining dividend and bonus incomes, application for tax refund can be submitted to
the competent tax authority after obtaining such dividends and bonuses in accordance with the regulations.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           89
Chapter 5: Major Events



       Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs
 issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81)
(《 財政部國家稅務總局證監會關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014] 81
 號)), for dividend and bonus incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) in the Hong
 Kong market from investing in A Shares listed on the SSE, the implementation of differentiated taxation is
 suspended before Hong Kong Securities Clearing Co., Ltd. meets the conditions of providing identification,
 term of shareholding and other specific data of investors to the CSDC; the income taxes thereof are withheld
 and paid by the listed company at the rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the competent taxation
 authority. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered into a tax
 treaty with the PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the investing
 enterprises or individuals may by themselves or entrust a withholding agent on their behalf to apply to the
 competent tax authority of the listed company to claim the preferential treatment as stipulated in such tax
 treaties. Upon the verification and approval of the competent tax authority, taxes shall be refunded based on
 the discrepancy between the levied taxes and the taxes payable pursuant to the tax rate of the tax treaty.
     Other institutional investors shall pay the tax with respect to dividends and bonus income themselves.


2.   H Shareholders

      Pursuant to the Notice on Matters Concerning the Levy and Administration of Individual Income Tax after
the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發[1993]
045號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》(國稅函[2011] 348號)) issued by the State Administration
of Taxation, dividend and bonus income received by overseas resident individual shareholders who hold shares
issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong is subject to the payment of individual
income tax according to the items of “interests, dividend and bonus income”, which shall be withheld and
paid by the withholding agents according to relevant laws. The overseas resident individual shareholders who
hold shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled to the relevant
preferential tax treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax agreements signed between the countries
where they reside and China and the tax arrangements between Mainland and Hong Kong (Macau). The
tax rate for dividends under the relevant tax agreements and tax arrangements is generally 10%, and for
the purpose of simplifying tax administration, domestic non-foreign invested enterprises issuing shares in
Hong Kong may, when distributing dividends and bonus, generally withhold individual income tax at the
rate of 10%, and are not required to file an application. If the tax rate for dividends is not equal to 10%,
the following provisions shall apply: (1) for citizens from countries which have entered into tax agreements
stipulating a tax rate of lower than 10%, the withholding agents can file applications on their behalf to claim
the relevant agreed preferential treatments, and upon approval by the competent tax authorities, the excess
tax amounts withheld will be refunded; (2) for citizens from countries which have entered into tax agreements
stipulating a tax rate of higher than 10% but lower than 20%, the withholding agents will withhold the
individual income tax at the agreed-upon effective tax rate when distributing dividends and bonus, and are
not required to file an application; (3) for citizens from countries without tax agreements or under other
situations, the withholding agents will withhold the individual income tax at 20% when distributing dividends
and bonus.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

90
                                                                          Chapter 5: Major Events



      Pursuant to the Circular on Questions Concerning Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Dividends
Distributed by Resident Enterprises in China to Non-resident Enterprises Holding H Shares of the Enterprises
(Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《 關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得
稅有關問題的通知》(國稅函[2008] 897號)) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, a PRC resident
enterprise, when distributing dividends for 2008 and for the years afterwards to holders of H Shares who are
overseas non-resident enterprises, shall withhold and pay enterprise income tax at a flat rate of 10%.
      Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs
(Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《 財政部國家稅務總局證監會關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政
策的通知》(財稅[2014] 81號)) and the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
Pilot Programs (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財
稅[2016] 127號)) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for
dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland individual investors from investing in H Shares listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect, the individual income taxes thereof are withheld and paid by the H Share company at the rate of
20%; for dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland securities investment funds from investing in H
Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-
Hong Kong Stock Connect, the individual income taxes are accrued and levied according to the same provision
stated above; and for dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland corporate investors from investing in
H Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-
Hong Kong Stock Connect, the income taxes thereof shall be reported and paid by the investing enterprise
on its own instead of being withheld and paid by the H Share company, provided that where such dividend
and bonus incomes are obtained by the mainland resident enterprise after holding relevant H Shares for 12
consecutive months, the enterprise income taxes thereof shall be exempted pursuant to law.
    Under the current practice of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong
Kong in respect of dividends paid by the Company.
     Shareholders of the Company shall pay the relevant taxes and/or be entitled to the tax relieves in
accordance with the above provisions.




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                        91
Chapter 5: Major Events



II.        Performance of Undertakings

           Undertakings of obligors, including the de facto controller, shareholders, related parties and
           acquirer of the Company and the Company during or subsisting at the time of the Reporting
           Period


                                                                                                                                                                                          Follow-
                                                                                                                                                         Whether the
                                                                                                                                                                                         up actions,
                                                                                                                                          Whether the    undertakings      Reason
                                                                                                                                                                                         in case of
                                                                                                                                          undertakings    have been           for not
                                                                                                               Effective time and                                                       undertakings
 Background           Type            Party(ies)                           Details                                                              have a         strictly   performed
                                                                                                                 validity period                                                            not
                                                                                                                                          performance     performed       in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                                         performed
                                                                                                                                            deadline      in a timely      manner
                                                                                                                                                                                         in a timely
                                                                                                                                                               manner
                                                                                                                                                                                          manner

                                                     Pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking
                                                                                                             Upon the public
                                                     Letter in favour of the Company, Jisheng
                                                                                                             offering and listing of
  Undertaking                                        Investment has undertaken that it will not
                                                                                                             the A Shares of the
 related to the    Prevention of   Jisheng           engage in any business which competes directly
                                                                                                             Company, and as long         Yes            Yes              —             —
  initial public   competition     Investment        with the existing principal businesses of the
                                                                                                             as Jisheng Investment
      offering                                       Company and its subsidiaries (whether wholly-
                                                                                                             is a shareholder of the
                                                     owned or not) in accordance with laws and
                                                                                                             Company.
                                                     administrative regulations.

                                                     Pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking
                                                     Letter in favour of the Company, China
                                                     Merchants Group has undertaken that it and the
                                                     legal entities beneficially controlled by it will not
                                                     establish new securities companies or control
                                                                                                             Upon the public offering
                                                     other securities companies through acquisition
                                                                                                             and listing of the A
  Undertaking                                        in the PRC. For businesses of the same or
                                                                                                             Shares of the Company,
 related to the    Prevention of   China             similar nature to securities companies engaged
                                                                                                             and as long as China         Yes            Yes              —             —
  initial public   competition     Merchants Group   by the non-securities companies controlled by
                                                                                                             Merchants Group is the
      offering                                       China Merchants Group, it will make sufficient
                                                                                                             de facto controller of the
                                                     disclosure in accordance with laws upon the
                                                                                                             Company.
                                                     public offering and listing of the shares of the
                                                     Company. China Merchants Group shall not
                                                     harm the interests of the Company and other
                                                     shareholders by virtue of its role of de facto
                                                     controller of the Company.

                                                     Pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking
                                                     Letter in favour of the Company, CM Finance             As long as CM Finance
  Undertaking
                   Prevention of   CM Finance        Investment has undertaken that it and other             Investment is a
 related to re-                                                                                                                           Yes            Yes              —             —
                   competition     Investment        entities controlled by it will not engage in any        controlling shareholder of
   financing
                                                     business which competes with the businesses of          the Company.
                                                     the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

92
                                                                                                                                        Chapter 5: Major Events




                                                                                                                                                                             Follow-
                                                                                                                                            Whether the
                                                                                                                                                                            up actions,
                                                                                                                             Whether the    undertakings      Reason
                                                                                                                                                                            in case of
                                                                                                                             undertakings    have been           for not
                                                                                                  Effective time and                                                       undertakings
Background       Type        Party(ies)                         Details                                                            have a         strictly   performed
                                                                                                    validity period                                                            not
                                                                                                                             performance     performed       in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                            performed
                                                                                                                               deadline      in a timely      manner
                                                                                                                                                                            in a timely
                                                                                                                                                  manner
                                                                                                                                                                             manner

                          CM Finance
                          Investment,
Undertaking               Jisheng           They have undertaken to subscribe in full for the
                                                                                                The rights issue period of
related to re-   Others   Investment,       shares available under the rights issue plan in                                  Yes            Yes              —             —
                                                                                                the Company
  financing               Best Winner       cash.
                          Investment
                          Limited

                                            They have undertaken not to interfere in the
                                            operation and management activities of the
                                            Company beyond the authority; not encroach
                                            upon the interests of the Company; not deliver
                                            interests to other units or individuals free of
                                            charge or under unfair conditions, nor damage
                                            the interests of the Company in other means;
                                                                                                As long as China
                                            if the CSRC makes other new regulatory
                                                                                                Merchants Group is the
                          China Merchants   provisions on remedial measures and other
Undertaking                                                                                     de facto controller of the
                          Group, CM         new undertakings before the completion of the
related to re-   Others                                                                         Company; as long as CM       Yes            Yes              —             —
                          Finance           rights issue, and the aforesaid undertakings
  financing                                                                                     Finance Investment is a
                          Investment        fail to meet such provisions of the CSRC,
                                                                                                controlling shareholder of
                                            the additional undertakings will be given in
                                                                                                the Company.
                                            accordance with the latest provisions of the
                                            CSRC; in case of any loss caused to the Company
                                            or other shareholders due to violation of the
                                            aforesaid undertakings or refusal to perform
                                            the aforesaid undertakings, they shall be liable
                                            for compensation to the Company or other
                                            shareholders according to the laws.

                                            When there is unusual price movement in the
   Other
                          China Merchants   shares of the Company, they will not reduce         When there is unusual
undertakings
                 Others   Group, China      their shareholdings in the Company and will         price movement in the        Yes            Yes              —             —
 to minority
                          Ocean Shipping    increase their shareholdings in accordance with     shares of the Company
shareholders
                                            laws when appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                     93
Chapter 5: Major Events



III. Appointment and Removal of Accounting Firms

                                                                         Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                   Currently appointed

       Name of domestic accounting firm                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                   Certified Public Accountants LLP
                                                                   (Special General Partnership)

       Remuneration                                                228

       Term of appointment                                         3 years

       Name of international accounting firm                       Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                   Certified Public Accountants LLP

       Remuneration                                                108

       Term of appointment                                         3 years

                                                                         Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                               Name                                      Remuneration

       Accounting firm for internal control    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                  35
       and auditing                            Certified Public Accountants LLP
                                               (Special General Partnership)

       Sponsor                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited          1,566



     Description of appointment and dismissal of accounting firm

      During the Reporting Period, with the approval from the 2019 annual general meeting of the Company,
the Company has re-engaged Deloitte (Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP (Special
General Partnership)) and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Public Accountants LLP) as the auditors for the
Company’s financial reports and internal control for the year 2020. Deloitte has been providing annual audit
services for the Company for three consecutive years since 2018.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

94
                                                                              Chapter 5: Major Events



IV. Material litigation and arbitration

     This year, the company has no material litigation and arbitration under the Listing Rules of SSE.
      Certain investors of China Security Co., Ltd. (hereafter “China Security”) have commenced litigation
against China Security and its directors, its subsidiary China Security & Fire Technology Co., Limited (hereafter
“China Security & Fire Technology”) and intermediary like the Company, respectively, in the Shanghai
Financial Court for a civil compensation case regarding relevant investment loss caused by false statements
in the securities market, claiming China Security to compensate for their losses and bear the litigation
expenses and requesting China Security & Fire Technology, directors and relevant personnel of China
Security and relevant intermediary to be jointly liable for the loss. As at March 25, 2021, the Company has
received the litigation materials from a total of 481 investors from Shanghai Financial Court, which involved
a total of RMB272 million. Shanghai Financial Court has made first instance judgments on some cases, the
aforementioned first instance judgements are yet to be effective. Our Company has filed an appeal against the
abovementioned first instance judgments, which is accepted by Shanghai High People’s Court and pending
for its judgement.
      China Merchants Assets Management (on behalf of asset management plan) as a dealer for reverse
repurchase, and Kaiyuan Securities (on behalf of asset management plan), as a dealer for repurchase, carried
out bond-pledged repo transactions. In November and December 2019, Kaiyuan Securities did not repay
the funds as agreed after the repurchase became due. Due to the breach of contract by Kaiyuan Securities,
China Merchants Assets Management (on behalf of asset management plan) applied for arbitration to the
Shanghai International Arbitration Center in December 2020, requesting Kaiyuan Securities (on behalf of asset
management plan) to pay the repurchase principal of RMB91.9 million as well as the corresponding interest,
liquidated damages, expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees. Kaiyuan Securities
undertook the obligations of making up the difference for the failure of its assets management scheme in fully
paying up the amount.
     For other litigations and arbitration that involved the Company in an amount of above RMB50 million
during the Reporting Period, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on April 8, April 13, May 8, May 14, September 8, September 17,
November 17, November 24 and December 11, 2020, respectively.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             95
Chapter 5: Major Events



V. Punishment and Remedial Measures on the Listed Company, its Directors,
   Supervisors, Senior Management, Controlling Shareholders, De Facto
   Controller and Acquirer

      On August 18, 2020, CSRC issued the Decision on Taking Regulatory Measure of Issuing a Warning
Letter to China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and Decision on Taking Regulatory Measure of Issuing a
Warning Letter to 林聯儡 and 康自強 (【2020】48, 49) against the Company and its sponsor, which stated
that in the process of sponsoring the application by Wuhan Keqian Biological Co., Ltd.* (武漢科前生物股
份有限公司) for the initial public offering and listing on the STAR Market, the company did not find that
the issuer transferred the funds from the issuer’s account to the personal card of the chief financial officer
through disbursed R & D expenses or other expenses to pay part of the executive compensation, bonus or
non bill expenses; failed to identify Mingyi Li (李名義), an employee of the issuer, is the actual operator
of Jinhua Kangshun (金華康順), a distributor; failed to disclose adequately possible risks of fluctuation in
operation results possibility caused by African swine fever epidemic in the material submitted during the first
application.
      In view of the problems mentioned in the warning letter, the Company studied the issues conscientiously
and conducted comprehensive and in-depth self-investigation and rectification with reference to the
Securities Law, Administrative Measures for Sponsorship of the Offering and Listing of Securities, Guidelines
for Internal Control of Investment Banking Business of Securities Companies and relevant regulations.
The Company made rectifications through measures like refining the structure of our system, enhancing
internal control process and quality control as well as strengthening the training of employees. In view
of the registration system, the Company required its employee to hold in awe the market, and ensure
the provision of true, accurate, comprehensive, concise and clear information and disclosures that do not
contain any false representation, misleading statement or material omission to the market when engaging in
sponsoring business; hold in awe the rule of law, examine carefully the application documents and disclosed
information of the issuers and urging the issuers to operate in accordance with the regulations; hold in awe
the profession, strive to enhance its professional competency; hold in awe the risk, handle carefully details for
implementation of projects and ensuring an in-depth and adequate due diligence.


VI. Integrity of the Company and Its Controlling Shareholders and De Facto
    Controller during the Reporting Period

     During the Reporting Period, the Company, its controlling shareholders and its de facto controller were
not subject to any outstanding court order or large amount of overdue liabilities.




*    For identification purpose only

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

96
                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



VII. Information about the Company’s Share Incentive Plan, Employee Stock
     Ownership Plan or Other Employee Incentive Measures and Their Impacts

(I)   Related share incentive events which were disclosed in the temporary announcements and
      with no progress or change in subsequent implementation


       Summary of event                                                  Reference

       “Plan for Repurchasing A Shares of the Company by
       Centralized Bidding Transactions” was considered and
       approved at the 17th meeting of the sixth session of the
       Board, the first extraordinary general meeting for 2019, the
       first A Shares class general meeting for 2019 and the first H
       Shares class general meeting for 2019 of the Company. The
       Company intended to use all of the A Shares repurchased for
       the employee stock ownership plan.

       “Proposal Regarding the Consideration of the ‘Employee
       Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) of China Merchants Securities
       Co., Ltd. ’and its Summary” was considered and approved
                                                                         The relevant announcements
       at the 25th meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the
                                                                         published by the Company on the
       Company and the 2020 first extraordinary general meeting of
                                                                         Hong Kong Stock Exchange website
       the Company; “Proposal on the Advanced Completion of A
                                                                         on March 12, March 13, April 11,
       Share Repurchase of the Company” and the Proposal on the
                                                                         May 20, October 15, November
       defining the price and scale of purchasing the repurchased
                                                                         8 and December 26, 2019, and
       shares of the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan
                                                                         January 14, January 15, January 22
       were considered and approved at the 28th meeting of the
                                                                         and March 5, 2020.
       sixth session of the Board and the 2020 first extraordinary
       general meeting of the Company, and the “Employee Stock
       Ownership Plan (Draft) of China Merchants Securities Co.,
       Ltd.” and its summary was accordingly revised.

       On January 21, 2020, the Company held the first meeting of
       holders of employee stock ownership plan, and considered
       a n d a pprov ed the “Proposal on th e Es tab l i s h men t o f
       Employee Stock Ownership Plan Management Committee of
       the Company” and the “Proposal on the Election of Members
       of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan Management
       Committee of the Company”.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          97
Chapter 5: Major Events




       Summary of event                                                 Reference

       The Company engaged China Merchants Asset Management
       as the management organization for this Employee Stock
       Ownership Scheme, and signed the Contract of China
       Merchants Asset Management-China Merchants Securities
       No.1 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme Single Asset
       Management Plan on behalf of employees. On March
       6, 2020, the Company received the “Share Transfer
       Confirmation” issued by China Securities Depository and
       Clearing Corporation Limited. On March 3, 2020, the
       Company has completed the share transfer procedures of
       the employee stock ownership plan. There are 40,020,780
       A Shares under the employee stock ownership plan of the
       Company, accounting for 0.5974% of the Company’s total
       share capital, with a total of 995 participants.

       Upon the completion of the Company’s A+H Shares rights
       issue in July and August 2020, there are 52,026,381 A Shares
       of the Company under the employee stock ownership scheme
       of the Company, accounting for 0.5982% of the Company’s
       total share capital.

       The source of funds for the Company’s employees to
       participate in the scheme is the legal salary of the employees
       and self-raised funds obtained by other means permitted by
       laws and administrative regulations. According to the “China
       Merchants Securities Employee Stock Ownership Scheme
       (Revised Draft)”, the shares under the Company’s employee
       stock ownership scheme shall be locked up from the date on
       which the Company announced the completion of such share
       transfer (March 6, 2020) for a period of 36 months.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

98
                                                                                 Chapter 5: Major Events



VIII. Material connected transactions

     During the Reporting Period, the following continuing connected transactions of the Company were
subject to the reporting, annual review and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong
Kong Listing Rules.
     We entered into the Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and Services Framework Agreement
and Administrative Procurement and Property Leasing Framework Agreement (the “Framework Agreements”)
with China Merchants Group on May 21, 2019 for a term commencing from September 9, 2019 until
December 31, 2021 and May 21, 2019 until December 31, 2021, respectively. On August 28, 2020, the 35th
meeting of the sixth session of the Board revised the estimated annual cap for the Administrative Procurement
Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and China Merchants Group. Pursuant to the
Framework Agreements, we and China Merchants Group and/or its associates agreed to conduct securities
and financial transactions with each another, and provide securities and financial products and financial
services as well as administrative procurement and property leasing services to each another, in their
respective ordinary course of business based on normal commercial terms and market practices at prevailing
market prices or rates.


A.   Securities and financial products and transactions

     Reasons for the transactions

     We conduct securities and financial transactions with China Merchants Group and/or its associates in our
ordinary course of business from time to time. The estimated annual caps of the total inflow and total outflow
of the securities and financial products and transactions contemplated under the Framework Agreement for
the three years ending December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                  RMB million

      Securities and financial products and
      transactions                                                        2019             2020              2021

      Inflow                                                            10,290           10,890            11,110

      Outflow                                                            8,440           10,840            14,940

     (1)   “Inflow” represents our total cash inflow from the sale of fixed income products and equity products to,
           transactions of derivative products with and/or borrowing/repurchase from financing transactions with
           China Merchants Group and its associates.
     (2)   “Outflow” represents our total cash outflow from the purchase of fixed income products and equity
           products from, transactions of derivative products with and/or lending/resale from financing transactions
           with China Merchants Group and its associates.




                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                99
Chapter 5: Major Events



      Historical figures

     The Group had securities and financial products transactions with China Merchants Group and/or its
associates, with a total cash inflow of RMB8,253 million and a total cash outflow of RMB9,946 million. Such
amounts did not exceed the caps for 2020.

                                                                                               RMB million

       Securities and financial products and transactions                        As at December 31, 2020

       Inflow                                                                                    8,253.4968

       Outflow                                                                                   9,946.3294



B.    Financial services

      Reasons for the transactions

      In our ordinary course of business, we provide various financial services to our clients, which include
China Merchants Group and its associates. Due to their business needs and our expertise and professional
capabilities, we had been engaged by China Merchants Group and its associates to provide financial services
including (but not limited to) underwriting, sponsoring, financial advisory and financial products agency sale
services from time to time. The estimated annual caps of the financial services (insofar as an annual cap is
required to be set for that service) to be provided under the Framework Agreement for the three years ending
December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                              RMB million

       Financial services                                             2019             2020            2021

       Income generated by us                                       230.11           231.22          232.39




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

100
                                                                              Chapter 5: Major Events



     Historical figures

     As at December 31, 2020, the Group provided securities and financial services to China Merchants
Group and/or its associates and generated income of RMB117.4274 million, which was below the annual cap
of 2020. The figures are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                     As at
                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                                      2020

      Financial services                                                                        RMB million

      Total income generated by us                                                                  117.4274

     Details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in note 60 to the consolidated
financial statements in this report.


C.   Administrative procurement and property leasing

     Reasons for the transactions

     We conduct administrative procurement and property leasing with China Merchants Group, our
controlling shareholder, and its associates from time to time in our ordinary course of business. The estimated
annual caps of the administrative procurement and property leasing contemplated under the Framework
Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                               RMB million

      Transactions                                                     2019            2020             2021

      Administrative procurement                                         23     45.75 (note)      71.5 (note)

      Property leasing                                                   21               22               23

     Note: On August 28, 2020, the 35th meeting of the sixth session of the Board revised the estimated
           annual cap for the Administrative Procurement Framework Agreement entered into between the
           Company and China Merchants Group. The estimated annual cap for the year 2020 and 2021
           was adjusted from RMB25 million and RMB27 million to RMB45.75 million and RMB71.5 million
           respectively.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          101
Chapter 5: Major Events



      Historical figures

     As at December 31, 2020, the administrative procurement and property leasing between the Group
and China Merchants Group and its associates from time to time amounted to RMB43.2832 million and
RMB15.6648 million, respectively, which was below the annual cap of 2020. The figures are set out in the
table below:

                                                                                               RMB million

                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                              December 31,
       Transactions                                                                                  2020

       Administrative procurement                                                                   43.2832

       Property leasing                                                                             15.6648



      Confirmation of independent non-executive Directors

    The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing
connected transactions and confirmed that:
      (1)   the above continuing connected transactions are entered into during the ordinary course of the
            business of the Company;
      (2)   the above continuing connected transactions are entered into on normal commercial terms or more
            favorable terms; and
      (3)   the above continuing connected transactions are executed by agreements, and the terms of which
            are fair and reasonable and are in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.


      Confirmation of independent auditor

     The independent auditor of the Company has reviewed the above continuing connected
transactions and confirmed that:
      (1)   they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the continuing
            connected transactions disclosed have not been approved by the Board;
      (2)   in respect of the continuing connected transactions involving the provision of services by
            the Company, they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the
            transactions are not executed in accordance with the pricing policy of the Company in any material
            aspects;
      (3)   they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the transactions are
            not entered into in accordance with the relevant governing agreements in any material aspects;
            and
      (4)   in respect of the aggregate transaction amount of each continuing connected transaction,
            they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the continuing
            connected transactions disclosed have exceeded the annual caps of value determined by the
            Company.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

102
                                                                          Chapter 5: Major Events



     Save as disclosed above, there is no related party transaction or continuing related party transaction
set out in note 61 to the consolidated financial statements that falls into the connected transactions or
continuing connected transactions that need to be disclosed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
connected transactions and continuing connected transactions of the Company complied with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
     During the reporting period, the Group’s other connected transactions under Hong Kong Listing Rules
are as follows:
     1.   On May 20, 2020, CMS Investment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has entered
          into an agreement with China Merchants Property Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd. to establish
          Beijing Zhaoyi Corporate Management Company Limited (北京招亦企業管理有限公司), with a
          total registered share capital of RMB1.02 billion, of which CMS Investment will make a capital
          contribution of RMB499.8 million and China Merchants Property Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
          will make a capital contribution of RMB520.2 million accounting for 49% and 51% of the total
          registered capital of the Joint Venture respectively. China Merchants Group is the controlling
          shareholder of the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing
          Rules. China Merchants Property Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of CM
          Shekou which is in turn held by China Merchants Group as to 63.98% as of December 31, 2020, is
          therefore an associate of China Merchants Group and a connected person of the Company under
          the Listing Rules.
          For details of the above connected transaction, please refer to the announcement published by the
          Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on May 21, 2020.
     2.   On November 27, 2020, CMS Investment (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), China
          Merchants Real Estate (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. and the Wuxi Ruishang Real Estate Development Co.,
          Ltd. entered into the Cooperation Agreement, pursuant to which (among other things), CMS
          Investment agreed to purchase, and China Merchants Real Estate (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. agreed to sell,
          24.5% equity interest of the Wuxi Ruishang Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. for a consideration
          of RMB299,470,463.34. China Merchants Group is the controlling shareholder of the Company
          and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. China Merchants
          Real Estate (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of CM Shekou (which is in turn held by
          China Merchants Group as to 63.98% as of December 31, 2020), is therefore an associate of China
          Merchants Group and a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.
          For details of the above connected transaction, please refer to the announcement published by the
          Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on November 27, 2020.




                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                      103
Chapter 5: Major Events



      3.   On December 23, 2020, CMS Investment entered into:
           (a)   the Framework Agreement with China Merchants Real Estate (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. and
                 Hangzhou Zhaoying Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Zhaoying”), pursuant to
                 which (among other things), CMS Investment agreed to purchase, and China Merchants Real
                 Estate (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. agreed to sell, 24% equity interest of Hangzhou Zhaoying for a
                 consideration not exceeding RMB500,000,000; and
           (b)   the Framework Agreement with Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate Co., Ltd. (“Zhuhai Yiyun”) and
                 Changsha Renhui Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Changsha Renhui”), pursuant to which
                 (among other things), CMS Investment agreed to purchase, and Zhuhai Yiyun agreed to sell,
                 approximately 18.4% equity interest of Changsha Renhui for a consideration not exceeding
                 RMB300,000,000. Such equity interest of Changsha Renhui will be held by CMS Investment
                 through a joint venture established and controlled by Zhuhai Yiyun as to 51% interest and
                 CMS Investment as to 49% interest. China Merchants Group is the controlling shareholder of
                 the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.
                 Each of China Merchants Real Estate (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. and Zhuhai Yiyun is a wholly-
                 owned subsidiary of CM Shekou (which is in turn held by China Merchants Group as to
                 63.98% as of December 31, 2020), and therefore an associate of China Merchants Group and
                 a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.
           For details of the above connected transaction, please refer to the announcement published by the
           Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on December 23, 2020.
    For details of other connected transactions subject to the listing rules for A Shares, please refer to the
Announcement on the Contemplated Ordinary Connected Transactions of the Company for 2021 (《關於公司
2021年度預計日常關聯交易的公告》) published by the Company on the SSE website, China Securities Journal,
Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily.
      In addition, the Company entered into the 2021 Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and
Services Framework Agreement with China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited on January 1, 2021. For
details of the agreement, please refer to the announcement published by the Company on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange website on December 30, 2020.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

104
                                                                                                                                                               Chapter 5: Major Events



IX. Material Contracts and their Performance

        Guarantees

                                                                                                                                                              Unit: 100 million                         Currency: RMB

                                                                           Guarantees provided by the Company (excluding guarantees for subsidiaries)

           Relationship
                                                                      Date of                                                                                         Outstanding
          between the                                                                 Effective       Expiry                         Completion                                                          Guarantee
                                                   Amount of         guarantee                                       Types of                         Guarantee        amount of         Counter
Guarantor guarantor Guarantee                                                          date of       date of                            of                                                               for related     Relationship
                                                   guarantee          (date of                                      guarantee                          overdue         guarantee        guarantee
          and the listed                                                             guarantee      guarantee                        guarantee                                                             parties
                                                                    agreement)                                                                                          overdue
            company

—                        —                —                —                —               —              —                —                —                —                —                —                —                —

Total guarantees provided during the Reporting Period (excluding guarantees for subsidiaries)                                                                                                                                       0

Balance of guarantees as at the end of the Reporting Period (A) (excluding guarantees for
subsidiaries)                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0

                                                                                   Guarantees for subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries

Total guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                                                                                                                    0.28

Balance of guarantees for subsidiaries as at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                                                                                                                                30.99

                                                                                      Total guarantees (including guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total guarantees (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                                                          30.99

Ratio of total guarantee to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                                                                                                                        2.93

Among which:

Guarantees for shareholders, de facto controller and their related parties (C)                                                                                                                                                       0

Debt guarantee provided directly or indirectly for companies with gearing ratio over 70% (D)                                                                                                                                         0

Amount of guarantees in excess of 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                                                                                                                          0

Total amount of the above three types of guarantees (C+D+E)                                                                                                                                                                          0

Outstanding guarantees subject to joint and several liabilities                                                                                                                                                                   —

                                                                                                    1. On January 20, 2014, the provision of net assets guarantee of up to RMB500 million for CMS Asset Management was approved
                                                                                                    at the first extraordinary meeting of the fourth session of the Board in 2014. On September 27, 2016, the increase of net assets
                                                                                                    guarantee in favour of CMS Asset Management by no more than RMB3 billion in stages and authorization for the management of
                                                                                                    the Company to perform in stages, or terminate, such net assets guarantee within the above limit based on the actual operating
                                                                                                    condition of CMS Asset Management were approved at the 42th meeting of the fifth session of the Board. The balance of net assets
                                                                                                    guarantee provided by the Company for CMS Asset Management as at the end of the Reporting Period amounted to RMB2 billion.

                                                                                                    2. In May 2020, the annual general meeting of the Company in 2019 considered and approved that the total amount of financing
                                                                                                    guarantees provided by CMS International for its wholly-owned subsidiaries within the term of authorization shall not exceed
Details of guarantees
                                                                                                    HK$31 billion or equivalent, of which the amount of financing guarantee shall not exceed HK$2.7 billion or equivalent. As at the
                                                                                                    end of the Reporting Period, the agreed amount of guarantee provided by CMS International for its wholly-owned subsidiaries
                                                                                                    was approximately RMB11.126 billion in total (with financing guarantees of approximately RMB1.926 billion). At the end of the
                                                                                                    year, the balance of the guarantee utilized and traded was approximately RMB1.073 billion in total.

                                                                                                    3. Provision of guarantees in favor of CMS International for all obligations under the lease of office in Kwun Tong and all losses
                                                                                                    and indemnification obligations which may arise from the lease by CMS International and its subsidiaries was approved by the
                                                                                                    board of directors of CMS International in the year of 2018. As at the end of December 2020, the balance of rent guarantee
                                                                                                    amounted to RMB25 million.



                                                                                                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                              105
Chapter 5: Major Events



X. Other Major Events

(I)    Changes in qualification of each line of business during the Reporting Period

      For details of changes in qualification of each line of business during the Reporting Period, please see
“Business Qualifications of the Company” under “Chapter 2 Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators”
in this report.


(II)   Changes in Directors and senior management

     For details, please see “Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Chapter 7
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” under this report and the announcements of the
Company on the SSE website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website.


(III) Significant events after the Balance Sheet Date

       For details, please see “Events after the Reporting Period” in the 2020 Audit Report of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

106
                                                                             Chapter 5: Major Events



XI. Fulfillment of Social Responsibilities

(I)   Poverty alleviation

1.    Targeted poverty alleviation

     Poverty alleviation is one of the three critical missions established by the 19th National Congress
of the Communist Party, and is also a great cause which the securities industry should take the initiative
to implement. The Company continued to implement the “Decision of the PRC State Council on Poverty
Alleviation” (Zhong Fa [2015] No. 34) (《 中共中央國務院關於打贏脫貧攻堅戰的決定》(中發[2015] 34號))
and the objectives of the working conference of the central committee on poverty alleviation through
development pursuant to the general working plan formulated by the Party Committee of the CSRC. In active
response to the appeal of the government and the CSRC, the Company has made full use of the characteristics
of the securities industry and carried out targeted poverty alleviation.
     Basic strategy: institutionalizing poverty alleviation to create growth momentum and strengths, rather
than give external relieves, to impoverished counties.
    General target: focusing on the two counties under our paired-up poverty alleviation program to help
impoverished countries realize “self-revitalization”, so as to redevelop the county by themselves, rebuild their
own strengths and lift them out of poverty.
     Main tasks: adhering to the principle that “a man shall be taught how to fish instead of being given
fish”, the Company fully utilizes its professional edges in financial services and social resources to help
impoverished areas establish long-term poverty alleviation mechanism and model that are specific to
the realities of each region, through major assistance measures in the development of industry, finance,
consumption and education.
      Supporting measures:
      (1)   exercise the leadership role of the Party Committee of the Company, guide the direction, manage
            the overall situation, ensure implementation and guarantee the complete implementation of the
            work of fighting poverty alleviation;
      (2)   give full play to utilise the capital power of “co-existence and co-development”, explore the new
            ideas of alleviating poverty financialization and industrialization, and create classic examples of
            poverty alleviation;
      (3)   inspire the intelligent power of “dual support for aspiration and wisdom”, nurture the elements of
            poverty alleviation from the root;
      (4)   carry out in-depth welfare activities for poverty alleviation from multidimensional approaches
            ranging from fighting the epidemic to subsidizing education and agriculture and consumption for
            poverty alleviation.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           107
Chapter 5: Major Events



2.    Summary of targeted poverty alleviation works of the year

      In 2020, the Company has carried and is carrying out the following poverty alleviation work:


(1)   Poverty alleviation by education

      ①    Donated RMB1 million to Shitai County for the purchase of electronic equipment in the county’s
           library renovation project to support the construction of digitalized facilities for fundamental
           culture and enhance the standard of public culture service.
      ②    Promoted the in-depth work of helping the poor in Weining County, Guizhou Province through
           practical actions to participate in helping the poor and help students in poverty-stricken areas.
           Purchased winter school uniforms for 135 students at Yucai Education Center in Dajie Township,
           Weining County, Guizhou Province, in a total amount of RMB32,000.
      ③    In order to support the nation in fighting the battle for poverty alleviation and support education
           and poverty alleviation, donated RMB170,000 to the Xingxing Aid Foundation of Chongqing
           Province for targeted use in the “Ayi Tudou” (阿依土豆) — Delipu Primary School Education
           Project.


(2)   Poverty alleviation by financialization

      ①    Assisted EIT to be successfully listed on the A Share market. On January 23, 2020, EIT
           Environmental Development Group Co., Ltd. (stock code: 300815, hereinafter referred to as “EIT”)
           was successfully listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. EIT publicly offered 34.6 million shares at
           an offer price of RMB29.55 per share. The gross proceeds raised amounted to RMB1.02243 billion.
           The Company served as the sole sponsor and lead underwriter for such offering and listing.
           EIT is located in Yuexi County, Anqing City, Anhui Province, and this county is included in the list of
           impoverished counties of the country by the Securities Industry Association. The Company fulfilled
           its corporate social responsibility by practical actions and helped people to improve their livelihood
           and to alleviate poverty through financialization. With its professional service capabilities and
           excellent service quality, the Company assisted EIT to successfully enter the capital market.
      ②    Assisted Muyuan Foods, a company in an impoverished county under our paired-up poverty
           alleviation program, to complete the “Huaneng Guicheng — China Merchants — Muyuan
           Huirong Supply Chain Phase 1 Asset Support Special Scheme” supply chain accounts payable asset
           securitization project. On June 2, 2020, the issuance under the “Huaneng Guicheng — China
           Merchants — Muyuan Huirong Supply Chain Phase 1 Asset Support Special Scheme” (華能貴誠–招
           商–牧原惠融供應鏈1期資產支持專項計劃) project (hereinafter referred to as the “Special Scheme”)
           was successfully completed. The gross proceeds raised amounted to RMB123 million. The Company
           served as the lead underwriter of this project.
           The Special Scheme will help Muyuan Foods to broaden its financing channels and revitalize the
           stock assets of accounts payable that are not liquid, further improve its capital utilization efficiency,
           and provide financial support to the upstream enterprises in the supply chain of Muyuan Foods and
           strengthen its cooperation with upstream enterprises in the supply chain, which will better benefit
           the business development of the Company. At the same time, it can also effectively reduce Muyuan
           Foods’ financing costs and minimize the impact of the credit policy of banks on the Company.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

108
                                                                              Chapter 5: Major Events



      ③    China Merchants Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, participated in the
           “Insurance + Futures” project in Baoting County of the Shanghai Futures Exchange. Overall
           speaking, the project safeguarded a total of 4,500 tons of rubber, benefited 8,782 rural
           households, of which 2,877 were registered impoverished households. Such project fully covered
           the impoverished households engaging in rubber planting in this county and this project utilized a
           capital amount of RMB3.6 million.


(3)   Poverty alleviation by consumption

      In order to assist in the fight against the epidemic and actively fulfill corporate social responsibilities,
the Company purchased highland vegetable packs from Weining County, Guizhou Province with a total value
of RMB264 thousand in April 2020 and donated them to Shenzhen Yuehai Sub-district Office and Shenzhen
Futian Sub-district Office to encourage the staff of those offices who were fighting against the epidemic at
the front line.
     The Company purchased highland apples from Weining County, Guizhou Province and agricultural
products from Hechi City and Baise City, Guangxi Province for distribution to employees for festival
celebration, totaling RMB1.3371 million.


(4)   Poverty alleviation for health

      In April 2020, as the progress for the treatment of severe cases of COVID-19 in Hubei Province remained
stagnant, in order to meet the demand for the transfer of critical patients, under its “China Red Cross —
China Merchants Securities Fraternity Fund”, the Company urgently purchased eight negative pressure
monitoring ambulances and donated them to relevant medical institutions in Hubei Province, so as to satisfy
local demand for epidemic prevention and control. Five of the ambulances (valued at RMB2.745 million)
were donated to national impoverished counties namely Longba Township Health Center in Zhuxi County,
Jianchi Township Health Center in Yunxi County, Enshi Central Hospital, Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous
Prefecture Special Care Hospital and Dawang Township Health Center in Yangxin County, respectively.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            109
Chapter 5: Major Events



3.    Effect of targeted poverty alleviation

                                                                          Unit: 10,000 Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                  Indicators                                   Amounts and details

 I. Total

 Total:      1. Funds                                                                                637.11

             2. Conversion of money from materials                                                    277.7

             3. Number of people under poverty alleviation with
                                                                                                         —
                documentary cards (person)

 II. By category

 1. Industrial development

                                                                          Agriculture and forestry
 Including: 1.1 Project types                                             Asset income promotion
                                                                          Others

             1.2 Number of industrial poverty alleviation projects
                                                                                                         3
                 (project)

             1.3 Investment for industrial poverty alleviation projects                                360

             1.4 Number of people under poverty alleviation with
                                                                                                         —
                 documentary cards (person)

 2. Education

 Including: 2.1    Subsidies to students in need                                                        3.2

             2.2   Number of poor students receiving subsidies (person)                                135

             2.3 Investment for improving educational resources in
                                                                                                       117
                 impoverished areas

 3. Health poverty alleviation

 Including: 3.1    Amount of medical and health resources contributed
                                                                                                      274.5
                   to impoverished areas

 4. Other projects

 Including: 4.1    Number of projects (project)                                                          3

             4.2   Investment                                                                        160.11

             4.3   Number of people under poverty alleviation with
                                                                                                         —
                   documentary cards (person)

                                                                          Poverty alleviation for
             4.4 Description of other projects
                                                                          consumption




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

110
                                                                                Chapter 5: Major Events




                                    Indicators                                      Amounts and details

 III. Awards (details and levels)

 The Company was awarded the Honorary Certificate for Active Participation and Donation for Poverty
 Alleviation issued by the Securities Association of China and China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation.
 Won the title of “’super donator’ of the 2019 Beijing Great Walker Fundraising Trekking Event” by the
 China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation;
 China Merchants Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was awarded the second prize of
 the 2019 Natural Rubber “Insurance + Futures” Targeted Poverty Alleviation Pilot Project of the Shanghai
 Futures Exchange.



4.   The progress in fulfilling the social responsibility of targeted poverty alleviation in different
     stages

      2020 is the year for achieving the goal of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects, as
well as the year for winning the fight against poverty in all respects. As a securities firm controlled by a central
enterprise, the Company has always regarded poverty alleviation as its inescapable and important political
responsibility, and actively contributed its efforts in the process of pairing assistance and implementing
financial services in impoverished regions.
      Since pairing up with Neixiang County in Henan Province and Shitai County in Anhui Province for
assistance in poverty alleviation in 2016, the Company has actively fulfilled its social responsibilities,
performed the responsibility of a central enterprise with practical actions, and carried out targeted poverty
alleviation in the counties of pairing assistance through various methods of poverty alleviation such as finance,
education and consumption. Among which, the most notable example is the continuous provision of financial
services to assist Muyuan Foods, located in Neixiang County, to develop into a leading livestock breeding
company in China.
     In May 2019 and April 2020, Neixiang County in Henan Province and Shitai County in Anhui Province
were successively removed from the list of national impoverished counties. So far, the two counties paired up
with the Company have successfully achieved poverty alleviation.




                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              111
Chapter 5: Major Events



5.     Subsequent plans on targeted poverty alleviation

      The Company will actively shoulder the social responsibilities of a central enterprise and state-owned
enterprise, and integrate into the strategies of the nation and the Group. The Company will continue to
reinforce the cooperative relationship with the paired up counties, namely Neixiang County in Henan Province
and Shitai County in Anhui Province, provide financial services for high-quality enterprises in the counties,
organize the establishment of Fuzhi School, and use its professional financial services to assist the social and
economic development of the two counties to continuously step up to a new stage.


(II)   Performance of social responsibilities

     Please refer to the 2020 Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券
股份有限公司2020年度社會責任報告》) and 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published by
the Company for the same period of this report on the SSE website and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
website, respectively.


(III) Environmental protection

1.     Description of environmental protection measures taken by companies other than key
       pollutant discharging units

     Please refer to the 2020 Social Responsibility Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券
股份有限公司2020年度社會責任報告》) and 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published by
the Company for the same period of this report on the SSE website and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
website, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

112
                                                                              Chapter 5: Major Events



XII. Other Disclosures

(I)    Sufficiency of public float of H Shares

     As at the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this report, based on the information publicly
available and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Directors believe that the public float of the
Company complied with Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and satisfied the minimum public float
requirement prescribed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


(II)   Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in business competing with the Company

     As at the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this report, none of the Directors or Supervisors
had any interests in another business which has or may have direct or indirect conflict of interests with the
business of the Company.


(III) Directors’ and Supervisors’ service contracts

      None of the Directors or Supervisors had a service contract with the Company or its subsidiaries which
is not terminable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


(IV) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors or any entity connected with any Director
or Supervisor of the Company had any material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.


(V) Permitted indemnity provision

      A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage for potential
legal actions and liabilities against the Directors, Supervisors and senior management.


(VI) Pre-emptive share option arrangement

     Pursuant to the PRC laws and Articles of Association, shareholders of the Company are not entitled to
any pre-emptive share option.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           113
Chapter 5: Major Events



(VII) Board’s responsibility statement of risk management, internal control and compliance
      management

     The Board shall assume ultimate responsibility of the risk management, internal control and compliance
management of the Group, and shall be responsible for assessing the effectiveness of such systems. Given
that the objectives of such risk management and internal control systems are to manage, rather than
eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve the business objectives, the Board may only provide reasonable instead
of absolute assurance that such systems and internal control can prevent any material misstatement or loss.


(VIII) Remunerations to Directors and Supervisors

     Details of remunerations to the Directors and Supervisors are set out in “Change in shareholdings and
remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
Reporting Period” under “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” of this
report.


(IX) Purchase, sale or redemption of securities of the Company

     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not redeem any of its securities. Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries have purchased or sold any securities of the Company.


(X) Qualification of accounts

     According to the statistics of the internal data centre of the Company, as at December 31, 2020, there
were 6,039 unqualified capital accounts, 6,165 unqualified securities accounts, 1,077,447 dormant capital
accounts, 1,687,547 dormant securities accounts, 52 capital accounts under freezing order, 1,231 securities
accounts under freezing order, 570 risk disposal capital accounts (including dormant accounts of companies
to be disposed of), 2,761 risk disposal securities accounts (including dormant accounts of companies to be
disposed of) and 69,783 capital accounts under the A share capital accounts and securities accounts of the
Company.


(XI) Investment in compliance and risk control as well as information technology

     In 2020, the Company invested RMB432 million for compliance and risk control, accounted for 3.18%
of the operating income of the parent company in 2019, and invested RMB994 million for information
technology, accounted for 7.33% of the operating income of the parent company in 2019.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

114
                                                                          Chapter 5: Major Events



(XII) Use of net proceeds from A+H rights issue

     In order for the Company to (i) facilitate the development of its business and enhance its market
competitiveness, and (ii) obtain adequate capital support for the steady development of its capital
intermediary and investment transaction business, the Company has successfully completed the A share and
H share rights issue. According to the use of proceeds from the shares issuance described in the A Share
Rights Issue Prospectus and H Share Rights Issue Prospectus disclosed on July 7, 2020 and July 27, 2020, the
Company has used the proceeds from the A+H shares rights issue as follows:
     Approximately 70% was used to increase capital in subsidiaries and diversify business of the Company.
As at December 31, 2020, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB8,183 million;
    Approximately 13.33% was used for the development of capital intermediary business. As at December 31,
2020, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB2,000 million;
    Approximately 13.33% was used for the development of capital investment business. As at December 31,
2020, the accumulated actual usage was approximately RMB2,000 million;
     Approximately 3.34% was used as working capital. As at December 31, 2020, the accumulated actual
usage was approximately RMB500 million;
      As of December 31, 2020, the balance in the special account for the proceeds was
HK$2,407,951,141.62 and RMB19,607,184.84. Upon translation of HK dollar into Renminbi at the central
parity rate of HK dollar against Renminbi as of December 31, 2020, the sum of the above proceeds in HK
dollar and Renminbi was RMB2,046,235,183.67. The actual uses of the proceeds were in line with the
commitment announced by the Company. The Company will continue to use the balance proceeds in the
special account for the proceeds pursuant to the above-mentioned proportion and expects the proceeds will
be used up by December 31,2021.




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                       115
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders


I.      Changes in Ordinary Share Capital

        Table of changes in ordinary shares

1.      Table of changes in ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                                               Unit: share

                                          Before this change                         Increase/decrease after this change (+, –)                       After this change
                                                                                                       Shares
                                                      Percentage       New shares        Bonus     converted                                                      Percentage
                                          Number              (%)          issued        shares from reserves             Others     Sub-total      Number                (%)
 I. Restricted shares                         —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 1. Shares held
    by the state                              —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 2. Shares held by
    state-owned legal
    person                                    —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 3. Shares held by
    other domestic
    investors                                 —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 Including: Shares held
            by domestic
            non-state-owned
            legal person                      —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
             Shares held by
             domestic natural
             person                           —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 4. Shares held by foreign
    investors                                 —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 Including: Shares held by
            overseas legal
            person                            —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
             Shares held by
             overseas natural
             person                           —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 II. Unrestricted shares             6,699,409,329              100 1,997,117,477          —                —                — 1,997,117,477 8,696,526,806                 100
 1. RMB ordinary shares              5,719,008,149             85.37 1,702,997,123         —                —                — 1,702,997,123 7,422,005,272                85.34
 2. Domestic listed foreign shares            —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 3. Overseas listed foreign shares    980,401,180              14.63   294,120,354         —                —                —     294,120,354 1,274,521,534              14.66
 4. Others                                    —                 —             —            —                —                —            —             —                  —
 III. Total number of
     ordinary shares                 6,699,409,329              100 1,997,117,477          —                —                — 1,997,117,477 8,696,526,806                 100



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

116
                             Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



2.   Changes in ordinary shares

     As approved under CSRC Approval [2020] No. 723 and [2019] No. 1946, the Company has successfully
completed the A share and H share rights issue (the “Rights Issue”) on July 20 and August 20, 2020,
respectively. In the Rights Issue, 1,702,997,123 RMB ordinary shares have been issued to the existing A
shareholders and 294,120,354 H shares have been issued to the existing H shareholders. Upon the issuance,
the total share capital of the Company increased from 6,699,409,329 shares to 8,696,526,806 shares, of
which, the A share capital increased from 5,719,008,149 shares to 7,422,005,272 shares, and the H share
capital increased from 980,401,180 shares to 1,274,521,534 shares. The A shares and H shares of the
Company issued under the Rights Issue have been listed and traded on the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange on July 31 and August 20, 2020, respectively.
    For details, please refer to the relevant announcements of the Company published on the website of the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange dated July 19, July 27 and August 18, 2020.


3.   Impact on financial indicators, such earning per shares and net asset per share, for the last year
     and last period of the changes in ordinary shares

      In July and August, 2020, the Company completed A Share Rights Issue and H Share Rights Issue
respectively and shares were allotted to existing shareholders on the basis of three rights shares for every
ten Shares held, resulting an increase of total share capital from 6,699,409,329 shares to 8,696,526,806
shares. In consideration of the bonus shares involved in the rights issue, the weighted average number of
total ordinary shares outstanding for the Reporting Period has been adjusted based on the time of change
in ordinary shares when calculating the earnings per share. Retrospective adjustment was made to the
earnings per share for the year and period immediately preceding the changes, that is for the year of 2019
and the second quarter of 2020 and the adjusted earnings per share was RMB0.82/share and RMB 0.30/share
respectively. Assets per share attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Company presented in the
consolidated statements as at the end of 2020 was RMB10.43/share. Retrospective adjustment was made to
assets per share for the year and period immediately preceding the changes, that is for the year-end of 2019
and the second quarter-end of 2020 and the adjusted assets per share was RMB 8.85/share and RMB 9.40/
share respectively.




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                       117
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



II.        Issue and Listing of Securities

(I)        Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                               Unit: share            Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                          Transaction
      Class of shares and
                                                                           Date of issue        Offer price           Issuance                                amount
        their derivative           Code           Abbreviation                                                                         Date of listing                       Date of closing
                                                                            competed         (or interest rate)        amount                               permitted
           securities
                                                                                                                                                            for listing
 Ordinary shares
 A-share                    600999            China Merchants           July 20, 2020              RMB 7.46       1,702,997,123     July 31, 2020        1,702,997,123     —
 H-share                    6099              China Merchants           August 20, 2020           HKD 8.815        294,120,354      August 20, 2020       294,120,354      —
 Convertible corporate bonds, bonds with warrants and corporate bonds
 Corporate bonds            163757.SH         20 China Merchants G1     July 22, 2020                 3.55%             3 billion   July 30, 2020              3 billion   July 22, 2023
 Corporate bonds            163814.SH         20 China Merchants S2     July 28, 2020                 2.85%           2.1 billion   August 4, 2020           2.1 billion   May 14, 2021
                                              20 China Merchants
 Corporate bonds            163924.SH                                   August 13, 2020               2.93%           1.8 billion   August 18, 2020          1.8 billion   August 26, 2021
                                              Securities G2
                                              20 China Merchants
 Corporate bonds            163925.SH                                   August 13, 2020               3.50%             3 billion   August 18, 2020            3 billion   August 13, 2023
                                              Securities G3
                                              20 China Merchants                                                                    September 28,
 Corporate bonds            175174.SH                                   September 21, 2020            3.55%           2.9 billion                            2.9 billion   September 21, 2022
                                              Securities G4                                                                         2020
                                              20 China Merchants                                                                    September 28,
 Corporate bonds            175175.SH                                   September 21, 2020            3.78%           2.9 billion                            2.9 billion   September 21, 2023
                                              Securities G5                                                                         2020
                                              20 China Merchants
 Corporate bonds            175292.SH                                   October 26, 2020              3.43%             3 billion   October 29, 2020           3 billion   October 26, 2023
                                              Securities G6
                                              20 China Merchants
 Corporate bonds            175293.SH                                   October 26, 2020              3.63%             1 billion   October 29, 2020           1 billion   October 26, 2023
                                              Securities G7
 Non-public
                            166206.SH         20 China Merchants F1     March 11, 2020                2.65%             3 billion   March 18, 2020             3 billion   March 26, 2021
 corporate bonds
 Non-public
                            166414.SH         20 China Merchants F3     March 25, 2020                2.65%             2 billion   April 1, 2020              2 billion   April 14, 2021
 corporate bonds
 Non-public
                            166415.SH         20 China Merchants F4     March 25, 2020                2.85%           1.5 billion   April 1, 2020            1.5 billion   March 25, 2022
 corporate bonds
 Non-public
                            166701.SH         20 China Merchants F5     May 25, 2020                  2.00%             3 billion   June 1, 2020               3 billion   June 9, 2021
 corporate bonds
 Non-public
                            166996.SH         20 China Merchants F6     June 11, 2020                 2.63%             2 billion   June 19, 2020              2 billion   July 8, 2021
 corporate bonds
 Non-public
                            166997.SH         20 China Merchants F7     June 11, 2020                 3.15%             4 billion   June 18, 2020              4 billion   June 11, 2022
 corporate bonds



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

118
                                      Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders




                                                                                                                                        Transaction
 Class of shares and
                                                           Date of issue        Offer price         Issuance                                amount
   their derivative        Code       Abbreviation                                                                  Date of listing                        Date of closing
                                                            competed         (or interest rate)      amount                               permitted
      securities
                                                                                                                                          for listing
                                   20 China Merchants
Subordinated bonds     175515.SH                        December 3, 2020              4.38%       4.43 billion   December 10, 2020        4.43 billion   June 3, 2023
                                   Securities C1
                                   20China Merchants
Subordinated bonds     175516.SH                        December 3, 2020              4.43%       1.07 billion   December 10, 2020        1.07 billion   December 3, 2023
                                   SecuritiesC2
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000011                        January 13, 2020              2.75%          4 billion   January 14, 2020            4 billion   April 10, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP001BC
Short-term                         20China
                       072000019                        January 17, 2020              2.83%          4 billion   January 19, 2020            4 billion   April 14, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP002BC
Short-term                         20China
                       072000027                        February 12, 2020             2.63%          4 billion   February 13, 2020           4 billion   May 12, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP003BC
Short-term                         20China
                       072000033                        February 20, 2020             2.53%          5 billion   February 21, 2020           5 billion   May 20, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP004BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000054                        March 4, 2020                 2.41%          4 billion   March 5, 2020               4 billion   June 2, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP005BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000069                        March 12, 2020                2.24%          4 billion   March 13, 2020              4 billion   June 10, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP006BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000096                        April 15, 2020                1.60%          5 billion   April 16, 2020              5 billion   July 14, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP007BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000109                        April 29, 2020                1.55%          3 billion   April 30, 2020              3 billion   July 25, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP008BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000118                        May 13, 2020                  1.58%          3 billion   May 14, 2020                3 billion   August 11, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP009BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000130                        May 21, 2020                  1.58%          3 billion   May 22, 2020                3 billion   August 19, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP010BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000134                        May 26, 2020                  1.60%          3 billion   May 27, 2020                3 billion   August 21, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP011BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000143                        June 4, 2020                  1.99%          4 billion   June 5, 2020                4 billion   September 3, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP012BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000162                        June 18, 2020                 2.25%          4 billion   June 19, 2020               4 billion   September 16, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP013BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000207                        August 19, 2020               2.64%          4 billion   August 20, 2020             4 billion   November 17, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP014BC
Short-term                         20 China
                       072000222                        September 8, 2020             2.75%          4 billion   September 9, 2020           4 billion   December 4, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP015BC
Short-term                         20 China                                                                      September 18,
                       072000230                        September 17, 2020            2.65%          4 billion                               4 billion   December 16, 2020
financing bonds                    Merchants CP016BC                                                             2020
Oversea debt           40129.HK    CMSEC N2301          January 21, 2020             2.625% USD 300 million      January 22, 2020     USD 300 million    January 21, 2023

                                                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                         119
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



     Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period (bonds with different interest rates within the effective
period shall be separately specified):


1.    Completion of rights issue exercise

     During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the Rights Issue exercises for A Share and H Share.
The number of A Shares increased to 7,422,005,272 shares from 5,719,008,149 shares and the number of H
Shares increased to 1,274,521,534 shares from 980,401,180 shares.


2.    Public issuance of corporate bonds to professional investors

     In July 2020, the Company received the Approval on the Registration of Publicly Issued Corporate Bonds
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 1322) (《關於
同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行公司債券註冊的批覆》                                       （ 證監許可([2020]1322號）) from the
CSRC, pursuant to which the CSRC approved that the Company might publicly issue to professional investors
corporate bonds with a maturity of more than one year, of which the total face value shall be no more than
RMB25 billion, and short-term corporate bonds, of which the balance of the face value shall be no more than
RMB10 billion. During 2020, the Company issued four tranches of corporate bonds with a maturity of more
than one year and one tranch of short-term corporate bonds accordingly.


3.    Non-public issue of corporate bonds

     In March 2019, the Company received the No Objection Letter for the Offer for Sale of Corporate Bonds
Non-public Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2019] No. 523) (《關於對招商
證券股份有限公司非公開發行公司債券掛牌轉讓無異議的函》                                （上證函[2019] 523號）) from the Shanghai Stock
Exchange, pursuant to which the SSE has no objection to the offer for sale of corporate bonds non-public
issued by the Company to qualified investors in the amount of no more than RMB45 billion on the SSE. During
2020, the Company issued four tranches of non-public offered corporate bonds accordingly.


4.    Short-term financing bonds

     In June 2019, the Company received the Notice of the Financial Market Department of the People’s Bank
of China on the Maximum Outstanding Balance of Short-term financing bonds of China Merchants Securities
Co., Ltd. (Yin Shi Chang [2019] No. 129) (《中國人民銀行金融市場司關於招商證券股份有限公司短期融資券最
高待償還餘額有關事項的通知》                （銀市場[2019] 129號）), pursuant to which the maximum outstanding balance
of short-term financing bonds of the Company amounted to RMB31.6 billion. During 2020, the Company
issued a total of 16 tranches of short-term financing bonds.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

120
                               Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



5.     Subordinated bonds

      In November 2020, the Company received the Approval on the Registration of Publicly Issued
Subordinated Bonds by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
[2020] No. 3138) (《 關於同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行公司債券註冊的批覆》                                              （ 證監許可
([2020]3138號）) from the CSRC, pursuant to which the CSRC approved that the Company might publicly
issue to professional investors subordinated bonds, of which the total face value shall be no more than RMB30
billion. During 2020, the Company issued one tranch of subordinated bonds accordingly.


(II)   Changes in the total number of ordinary shares and shareholding structure as well as changes
       in the structure of assets and liabilities of the Company

     During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the rights issue exercise, increasing the total
number of ordinary shares to 8,696,526,806 shares from 6,699,409,329 shares, of which the number of A
Shares increased to 7,422,005,272 shares from 5,719,008,149 shares and the number of H Shares increased
to 1,274,521,534 shares from 980,401,180 shares.
     For details of the changes in the structure of assets and liabilities of the Company, please see “Analysis
of assets and liabilities” under “Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors” in this report.


III. Shareholders and De Facto Controller

(I)    Total number of shareholders


        Number of holders of the ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period               136,789

        Number of holders of the ordinary shares as of the end of the month preceding
        the disclosure of the annual report                                                          177,496




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          121
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



(II)   Shareholdings of the top ten shareholders and the top ten shareholders of tradable shares (or
       holders of unrestricted shares) as of the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                            Unit: share

                                                                         Top ten shareholders

                                                            Number of                                            Pledged or locked-up
                                        Changes during     shares held                               Number
           Name of shareholder           the Reporting   at the end of       Percentage         of restricted                                 Nature of
                (in full)                       Period      the period              (%)          shares held    Status         Number       shareholders

        China Merchants Finance
        Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         State-owned
        (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)                    472,592,427   2,047,900,517            23.55                  —               Nil            —     legal person

        Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
        Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                 State-owned
        (深圳市集盛投資發展有限公司)                    393,215,739   1,703,934,870            19.59                  —               Nil            —     legal person

                                                                                                                                             Overseas legal
        HKSCC Nominees Limited             294,119,501   1,274,164,821            14.65                  —               Nil            —           person

        China Ocean Shipping
        Company Limited                                                                                                                       State-owned
        (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)                       125,684,404    544,632,418              6.26                  —               Nil            —     legal person

        Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                            State-owned
        (河北港口集團有限公司)                        79,219,092    343,282,732              3.95                  —               Nil            —     legal person

        China Communications
        Construction Company Ltd.                                                                                                             State-owned
        (中國交通建設股份有限公司)                      62,819,853    272,219,361              3.13                  —               Nil            —     legal person

        China Securities Finance
        Corporation Limited
        (中國證券金融股份有限公司)                      60,093,909    260,406,933              2.99                  —               Nil            —        Unknown

        Hong Kong Securities                                                                                                                 Overseas legal
        Clearing Company Limited             4,631,604    112,206,931              1.29                  —               Nil            —           person

        COSCO Shipping
        (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                 State-owned
        (中遠海運（廣州）有限公司)                      25,199,977    109,199,899              1.26                  —               Nil            —     legal person

        Central Huijin Asset
        Management Ltd.
        (中央匯金資產管理                                                                                                                             State-owned
        有限責任公司)                             23,175,480    100,427,080              1.15                  —               Nil            —     legal person




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

122
                          Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders




                                Top ten holders of unrestricted shares
                                                          Number            Class and number of shares
                                                      of tradable
                                                     unrestricted
           Name of shareholder                        shares held                      Class               Number
 China Merchants Finance
 Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                               RMB ordinary
 (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)                                   2,047,900,517                   shares          2,047,900,517
 Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
 Development Co., Ltd.                                                       RMB ordinary
 (深圳市集盛投資發展有限公司)                                   1,703,934,870                   shares          1,703,934,870
                                                                           Overseas listed
 HKSCC Nominees Limited                            1,274,164,821           foreign shares          1,274,164,821

 China Ocean Shipping Company Limited                                        RMB ordinary
 (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)                                        544,632,418                   shares             544,632,418

 Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                  RMB ordinary
 (河北港口集團有限公司)                                        343,282,732                   shares             343,282,732
 China Communications
 Construction Company Ltd.                                                   RMB ordinary
 (中國交通建設股份有限公司)                                      272,219,361                   shares             272,219,361
 China Securities Finance
 Corporation Limited                                                         RMB ordinary
 (中國證券金融股份有限公司)                                      260,406,933                   shares             260,406,933
 Hong Kong Securities Clearing                                               RMB ordinary
 Company Limited                                     112,206,931                   shares             112,206,931

 COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                        RMB ordinary
 (中遠海運（廣州）有限公司)                                      109,199,899                   shares             109,199,899

 Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                                        RMB ordinary
 (中央匯金資產管理有限責任公司)                                    100,427,080                   shares             100,427,080
                                                Among the above top ten shareholders,
                                                1. CM Finance Investment and Jisheng Investment are
 Statement on the related relationships or         all subsidiaries of China Merchants Group, the de
 concerted actions among the aforesaid             facto controller of the Company;
 shareholders                                   2. C h i n a O c e a n S h i p p i n g a n d C O S C O S h i p p i n g
                                                   (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. are all subsidiaries of China
                                                   COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.

Note: 1.   HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominee holder for the shares held by the non-registered H
           Shareholders of the Company;
     2.    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominal holders of shares under Shanghai-
           Hong Kong Stock Connect for the Company;
     3.    Given the fact that the shares of the Company are margin financing and securities lending targeted
           securities, the number of shares held by the shareholders will be calculated based on the aggregate
           number of shares and equities held in their ordinary securities accounts and credit securities
           accounts.
                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 123
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



(III) Interests and short positions of the substantial shareholders and other persons in the shares
      and underlying shares

     As at December 31, 2020, to the best knowledge of the Directors having made reasonable enquiries, the
following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company) had interests or
short positions in the shares or underlying shares which would be required to be disclosed to the Company
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                                                       Long
                                                                                                                                                    positions 7/
                                                                                                                                 Percentage of         short
                                                                                                              Percentage of    total number of      positions 8/
                                                                                                            total number of   issued A Shares/        shares
                  Name of de facto controller and      Class of                        Number of shares    issued shares of     H Shares of the    available for
           No.       substantial shareholders          Shares     Nature of interest       held (share)   the Company (%)         Company (%)        lending

       1         China Merchants Group                 A Shares   Interest held           3,751,835,387              43.14               50.55    Long position
                                                                  by controlled
                                                                  corporations1

                                                       H Shares   Interest held              89,042,607               1.02                6.99    Long position
                                                                  by controlled
                                                                  corporations2

       2         China Merchants Finance               A Shares   Beneficial owner        3,751,835,387              43.14               50.55    Long position
                 Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                    and interest
                 (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)                                  of corporation
                                                                  controlled by
                                                                  substantial
                                                                  shareholders3

       3         Shenzhen Jisheng Investment           A Shares   Beneficial owner        1,703,934,870              19.59               22.96    Long position
                 Development Co., Ltd.
                 (深圳市集盛投資發展有限公司)
       4         China COSCO Shipping                  A Shares   Interest held             663,437,515               7.63                8.94    Long position
                 Corporation Limited                              by controlled
                 (中國遠洋海運集團有限公司)                                   corporations4

                                                       H Shares   Interest held             207,797,720               2.39               16.30    Long position
                                                                  by controlled
                                                                  corporations5

       5         China Ocean Shipping                  A Shares   Beneficial owner          544,632,418               6.26                7.34    Long position
                 Company Limited
                 (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)
       6         PICC Life Insurance Company Limited   H Shares   Beneficial owner          433,290,000               4.98               34.00    Long position
                 (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

124
                                         Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders




                                                                                                                                                Long
                                                                                                                                             positions 7/
                                                                                                                          Percentage of         short
                                                                                                       Percentage of    total number of      positions 8/
                                                                                                     total number of   issued A Shares/        shares
              Name of de facto controller and   Class of                        Number of shares    issued shares of     H Shares of the    available for
     No.         substantial shareholders       Shares     Nature of interest       held (share)   the Company (%)         Company (%)        lending

 7           The People’s Insurance Company     H Shares   Interest held             433,290,000               4.98               34.00    Long position
             (Group) of China Limited                      by controlled
             (中國人民保險集團股份有限公司)                              corporations6

 8           COSCO SHIPPING Investment          H Shares   Beneficial owner          207,797,720               2.39               16.30    Long position
             Holdings Co., Limited

 9           Best Winner Investment Limited     H Shares   Beneficial owner           89,042,607               1.02                6.99    Long position

1.         China Merchants Group holds 100% of the equity interest in CM Finance Investment and Jisheng
           Investment, and is deemed to be interested in the same number of A Shares which CM Finance
           Investment (23.55%) and Jisheng Investment (19.59%) are interested in under the SFO.
2.         China Merchants Group holds 100% of the equity interest in Best Winner Investment Limited, and is
           deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares which Best Winner Investment Limited (1.02%)
           is interested in under the SFO.
3.         China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. directly holds 23.55% of the shares of the
           Company. China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. holds 100% of the equity interest in
           Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd., and is deemed to be interested in the same number
           of A Shares which Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. (19.59%) is interested in under
           the SFO. Thus, China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. holds, directly and indirectly, an
           aggregate of 43.14% of the equity interest in the Company.
4.         China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited holds 100% of the equity interest in China Ocean Shipping
           Company Limited (中國遠洋運輸有限公司) and China Shipping Group Co., Ltd. (中國海運集團有限
           公司), and is therefore deemed to be interested in the same number of A Shares which China Ocean
           Shipping Company Limited (6.26%), COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運（廣州）有限公司),
           a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping (Group) Company (1.26%), COSCO SHIPPING Investment
           Holdings Co., Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping Group Company Limited (中國海運
           集團有限公司) (0.10%), and Guangzhou Sanding Oil Products Transport Co., Ltd. (廣州市三鼎油品運輸
           有限公司) (0.01%) are interested in under the SFO.
5.         China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited is deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares
           which COSCO SHIPPING Financial Holdings Co., Limited (2.39%), a wholly owned subsidiary of China
           Shipping Group Company Limited (中國海運集團有限公司), is interested in under the SFO.
6.         The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601319)
           directly and indirectly holds 80% of the equity interest in PICC Life Insurance Company Limited, and is
           deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares which PICC Life Insurance Company Limited is
           interested in under the SFO.
7.         A shareholder has a “long position” if it has an interest in shares, including interests through holding,
           selling or issuing financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder has the
           following obligations and liabilities: (i) it has a right to buy the underlying shares; (ii) it is under an
           obligation to buy the underlying shares; (iii) it has a right to receive money if the price of the underlying
           shares increases; or (iv) it has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares
           increases; and

                                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                     125
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



      8.   A shareholder has a “short position” if it borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending
           agreement, or if it holds, sells or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such
           shareholder has the following obligations and liabilities: (i) it has a right to require another person to buy
           the underlying shares; (ii) it is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (iii) it has a right to
           receive money if the price of the underlying shares decreases; or (iv) it has a right to avoid or reduce a
           loss if the price of the underlying shares decreases.
      Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2020, the Company was not aware of any other person
(other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) who had interests or short
positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


IV. Details of Controlling Shareholders and De Facto Controller

(I)   Details of controlling shareholder

1.    Legal person


                                                          China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co. Ltd.
       Name
                                                          (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)
       Person in charge or legal representative           Hong Xiaoyuan (洪小源)
       General manager                                    Su Min (蘇敏)
       Date of incorporation                              May 28, 1997

       Unified social credit code                         91440300279343712N

       Registered capital                                 7,778 million yuan

                                                          Investment (projects are separately reported); domestic
       Principal business                                 business, commodity supply and sales (excluding
                                                          licensed, exclusive or franchised commodities)

                                                          Directly interested in 4.55% shareholding of China
                                                          Merchants Bank; and in aggregate interested in
       Control and shareholdings in                       13.28% shareholding of China Merchants Bank
       other domestic or overseas listed                  through its controlling subsidiaries, namely Shenzhen
       companies during the Reporting Period              Yan Qing Investment and Development Company Ltd.
                                                          and Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment and Development
                                                          Company Ltd.

                                                          CM Finance Investment is a subsidiary of China
       Others                                             Merchants Group, the de factor controller of the
                                                          Company




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

126
                               Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



2.   Change in controlling shareholders during the Reporting Period and the relevant date of
     change

      Due to the subscription of A Rights Shares by CM Finance Investment, a controlling shareholder of
the Company, and its subsidiary, Jisheng Investment, as well as the change of total share capital upon the
completion of the Company’s A+H Shares rights issue, its total shareholding in the Company increased to
3,751,835,387 shares from 2,886,027,221 shares, representing an increase of its share of the Company’s
total share capital to 43.14% from 43.08%.
     For details, please refer to the relevant announcements of the Company published on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange website dated July 27 and August 18, 2020.


3.   Diagram of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and its
     controlling shareholder

                                        State-owned Assets Supervision and
                                    Administration Commission of the State Council

                                                    100%

                                            China Merchants Group Limited

                                                    100%

                                               China Merchants Steam
                                                 Navigation Co., Ltd.

                                                    100%
                                              China Merchants Finance
                                                Investment Holdings
                                                      Co., Ltd.
                           100%                                                                 100%

          Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment                                                    China Merchants Holdings
          and Development Company Ltd.                                                  (Hong Kong) Company Limited

                            50%              50%                                                100%

                          Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment                                   China Merchants International
                          and Development Company Ltd.                                   Finance Company Limited

           50%                                                                                  100%
                            50%
          Shenzhen Jisheng Investment                                                             Best Winner
             Development Co., Ltd.                                                              Investment Ltd.


                                                       23.55%
                                   19.59%                                               1.02%
                                                 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        127
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



(II)   Details of De Facto Controller

1.     Legal person


        Name                            China Merchants Group Limited

        Person in charge or legal
                                        Miao Jianmin (繆建民)
        representative

        Date of incorporation           October 14, 1986

                                        Sea and land transportation and agency of goods, leasing and
                                        agency of sea and land transportation tools and equipment,
                                        investment in and management of port and warehouse
                                        businesses; sea rescue, salvage, towing; manufacturing;
                                        building, repair, inspection and sale of vessels and offshore
                                        oil drilling equipment; repair and inspection of oil rigs and
                                        containers; contracting and construction of and back office
                                        services for sea and land construction projects and offshore
                                        oil exploitation projects; procurement, supply and sale of sea
                                        and land transportation equipment and relevant supplies;
                                        import and export transportation businesses; investment in
                                        and management of businesses in the financial, insurance,
                                        trust, securities and futures industries; investment in and
        Principal business              management of businesses in the tourism, hotel, catering
                                        and relevant services industries; real estate development
                                        and property management and consultancy business;
                                        investment in and management of petrochemical business;
                                        investment in and operation of transportation infrastructure;
                                        operation of offshore assets; development, operation and
                                        management of Shekou Industrial Zone in Shenzhen and
                                        Zhangzhou Development Zone in Fujian (Market entities may
                                        independently select business projects and carry out operating
                                        activities in accordance with law; operations that require
                                        prior approvals according to laws can only be conducted after
                                        obtaining approvals from the relevant authorities; operating
                                        activities prohibited and restricted by the industrial policies of
                                        the State and the city shall not be engaged).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

128
                       Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders




                                    Holding 81.92% interests in China Merchants Port Group
                                    Company Limited (招商局港口集團股份有限公司), 78.29%
                                    interests in Yingkou Port Liability Co., Ltd., 75.00% interests
                                    in Dalian Port (PDA) Company Limited, 74.35% interests in
                                    China Merchants Land Limited, 68.72% interests in China
                                    Merchants Expressway Network & Technology Holdings Co.,
                                    Ltd., 63.98% interests in China Merchants Shekou Industrial
                                    Zone Holdings Co., Ltd., 57.64% interests in Sinotrans
                                    Limited, 54.39% interests in China Merchants Energy
                                    Shipping Co., Ltd., 51.16% interests in China Merchants
                                    Property Operation & Service Co., Ltd., 42.37% interests in
                                    China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited, 33.50%
                                    interests in China Merchants Commercial REIT (REITS);
                                    29.97% interest in China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., 29.94%
                                    interests in Anhui Expressway Company Limited, 27.59%
                                    interests in China Merchants China Direct Investments
                                    Limited, 27.47% interests in Nanjing Tanker Corporation,
                                    26.55% interests in Shanghai International Port (Group) Co.,
                                    24.88% interests in Sichuan Expressway Company Limited,
                                    24.60% interests in China International Marine Containers
                                    (Group) Co., Ltd., 19.08% interests in Jinzhou Port Co., Ltd.,
Control and shareholdings in        17.75% interests in Fujian Expressway Development Co.,
other domestic or overseas listed   Ltd. (福建發展高速公路股份有限公司), 16.52% interests
companies during the Reporting      in Heilongjiang Transport Development Co., Ltd., 16.32%
Period                              interests in Hubei Chutian Smart Communication Co., Ltd.,
                                    16.29% interests in Shangdong Hi-Speed Company Limited,
                                    15.43% interests in Henan Zhongyuan Expressway Co.,
                                    Ltd., 14.04% interests in Jilin Expressway Co., Ltd., 13.86%
                                    interests in Guangxi Wuzhou Communications Co., Ltd.,
                                    12.36% interests in China Greatwall Securities Co., Ltd.,
                                    11.69% interests in Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited,
                                    8.04% interests in Modern Investment Co., Ltd. (現代投資股
                                    份有限公司), 6.03% interests in S.F. Holding Co., Ltd., 6.68%
                                    interests in Shenzhen Expressway Company Limited, 5.00%
                                    interests in Ningbo Zhoushan Port Co., Ltd. (寧波舟山港股份
                                    有限公司), 2.36% interests in Qingdao Port International Co.,
                                    Ltd., 1.20% interests in Oriental Times Media Corporation,
                                    1.02% interests in Chang Jiang Shipping Group Phoenix Co.,
                                    Ltd., 0.53% interests in China Shipbuilding Industry Company
                                    Limited, 0.38% interests in Sino-Ocean Group Holding
                                    Limited, 0.16% interests in CMMB Vision Holdings Limited,
                                    0.14% interests in SINOPEC Engineering (Group) Co., Ltd.,
                                    0.07% interests in HAITONG Securities Company Limited,
                                    0.05% interests in China Energy Engineering Corporation
                                    Limited, 0.02% interests in Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd., 0.01%
                                    interests in Shenwan Hongyuan Group Co., Ltd..

Others                              Nil

                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                               129
Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



2.    Change in the de facto controller during the Reporting Period and the date of change

      Due to the subscription of A Rights Shares of the Company by CM Finance Investment and Jisheng
Investment and the subscription of H Rights Shares of the Company by Best Winner Investment Limited,
all of which are subsidiaries of China Merchants Group, as well as the change of total share capital upon
the completion of the Company’s A+H Shares rights issue, the Company’s de factor controller, its total
shareholding in the Company increased to 3,840,877,994 shares from 2,953,733,621 shares, representing an
increase of its share of the Company’s total share capital to 44.17% from 44.09%.
     For details, please refer to the relevant announcements of the Company published on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange website dated July 27 and August 18, 2020.


3.    Diagram of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and its de facto
      controller

                                            State-owned Assets Supervision and
                                        Administration Commission of the State Council

                                                        100%

                                                China Merchants Group Limited

                                                        100%

                                                   China Merchants Steam
                                                     Navigation Co., Ltd.

                                                        100%
                                                  China Merchants Finance
                                                    Investment Holdings
                                                          Co., Ltd.
                             100%                                                                   100%

           Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment                                                       China Merchants Holdings
           and Development Company Ltd.                                                     (Hong Kong) Company Limited

                              50%                50%                                                100%

                            Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment                                     China Merchants International
                            and Development Company Ltd.                                     Finance Company Limited

             50%                                                                                    100%
                              50%
            Shenzhen Jisheng Investment                                                               Best Winner
               Development Co., Ltd.                                                                Investment Ltd.


                                                           23.55%
                                       19.59%                                               1.02%
                                                     China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.


     The de facto controller of the Company is China Merchants Group. China Merchants Group indirectly
holds a total of 44.17% shares of the Company through its subsidiaries, namely China Merchants Finance
Investment Holdings Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. and Best Winner
Investment Ltd..




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

130
                                      Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders



V. Other Corporate Shareholders Interested in 10% or more of the Shares of
   the Company

                                                                                                            Unit: 10,000 Yuan                   Currency: RMB

                                    Person in
     Person in charge or legal                          General            Date of                                    Registered             Principal business or
                                  charge or legal                                            Organisation code
          representative                                manager         incorporation                                    capital                   operation
                                  representative

                                                                                                                                      Investment (projects are
                                                                                                                                      separately reported); domestic
                                                                                                                                      business, commodity supply
    Shenzhen Jisheng Investment                      HU Xiaodong        December 11,                                                  and sales (excluding licensed,
                                  XU Xin (徐鑫)                                              91440300734146375H              60,000
    Development Co., Ltd.                            (胡曉東)              2001                                                          exclusive or franchised
                                                                                                                                      commodities); economic
                                                                                                                                      information consultancy
                                                                                                                                      (excluding restricted items).

    Statement                     Jisheng Investment is a subsidiary of China Merchants Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company.




                                                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                131
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


I.          Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations

(I)         Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors,
            Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period.

                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: share

                                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                                                                                  remuneration
                                                                                                No. of shares   No. of shares      Changes                             from the
                                                                  Term                                                                                                             Remuneration
                                                                              Term expiration     held at the     held at the       (+/-) in      Reason for          Company
      Name               Position (Notes)      Gender   Age   commencement                                                                                                          from related
                                                                                   date         beginning of             end     shareholdings     changes           during the
                                                                  date                                                                                                                 parties
                                                                                                    the Year     of the Year    during the Year                Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                    (before tax)
                                                                                                                                                                   (RMB 10,000)

 HUO Da            Chairman of the Board
                                                Male    52      May 2017       October 2023             —               —                —               —               517.96    No
 (霍達)              Executive Director

 SU Jian
                   Non-executive Director       Male    48      June 2017      October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (粟健)

 XIONG Xianliang
                   Non-executive Director       Male    53    December 2014    October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (熊賢良)

 SU Min
                   Non-executive Director      Female   52      June 2016      October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (蘇敏)

                   Executive Director                           May 2017       October 2023
 XIONG Jiantao
                   President                    Male    52    December 2018   November 2021             —               —                —               —               517.98    No
 (熊劍濤)
                   Chief Information Officer                    July 2019     November 2021

 PENG Lei
                   Non-executive Director      Female   48     August 2007     October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (彭磊)

 GAO Hong
                   Non-executive Director       Male    52     March 2020      October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (高宏)

 HUANG Jian
                   Non-executive Director       Male    51     August 2012     October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (黃堅)

 WANG Daxiong                                                   September
                   Non-executive Director       Male    60                     October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (王大雄)                                                            2016

 WANG Wen
                   Non-executive Director       Male    51      July 2019      October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (王文)

 XIANG Hua         Independent Non-executive
                                                Male    49      July 2017        July 2023              —               —                —               —                   20    Yes
 (向華)              Director

 XIAO Houfa        Independent Non-executive
                                                Male    53      July 2017        July 2023              —               —                —               —                   20    Yes
 (肖厚發)             Director




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

132
                 Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                                                                                  remuneration
                                                                                                No. of shares   No. of shares      Changes                             from the
                                                                  Term                                                                                                             Remuneration
                                                                              Term expiration     held at the     held at the       (+/-) in      Reason for          Company
      Name             Position (Notes)        Gender   Age   commencement                                                                                                          from related
                                                                                   date         beginning of             end     shareholdings     changes           during the
                                                                  date                                                                                                                 parties
                                                                                                    the Year     of the Year    during the Year                Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                    (before tax)
                                                                                                                                                                   (RMB 10,000)

XIONG Wei        Independent Non-executive
                                                Male    45     August 2017     August 2023              —               —                —               —                   20    No
(熊偉)             Director

HU Honggao       Independent Non-executive
                                                Male    66      July 2017        July 2023              —               —                —               —                   20    No
(胡鴻高)            Director

WONG Ti          Independent Non-executive
                                                Male    62     January 2018        —                    —               —                —               —                   20    No
(汪棣)             Director (Note 1)

ZHOU Linda Lei   Chairman of the Supervisory
                                               Female   52      July 2014      October 2023             —               —                —               —               415.19    No
(周語菡)            Committee

LI Xiaofei       Shareholder Representative
                                                Male    50      July 2014      October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
(李曉霏)            Supervisor

WANG Zhangwei    Shareholder Representative
                                                Male    48      June 2017      October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
(王章為)            Supervisor

MA Yunchun       Shareholder Representative
                                                Male    52      June 2017      October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
(馬蘊春)            Supervisor

ZHANG Zhen       Shareholder Representative
                                                Male    56     October 2020    October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       No
(張震)             Supervisor

ZOU Qun          Shareholder Representative
                                                Male    54     October 2020    October 2023             —               —                —               —                 —       No
(鄒群)             Supervisor

YI Hongyan       Employee Representative
                                               Female   49     August 2007     October 2023             —               —                —               —               223.85    No
(尹虹艷)            Supervisor

HE Min           Employee Representative
                                               Female   45      July 2009      October 2023             —               —                —               —               201.94    No
(何敏)             Supervisor

SHEN Weihua      Employee Representative
                                               Female   50     October 2020    October 2023             —               —                —               —                34.21    No
(沈衛華)            Supervisor

DENG Xiaoli
                 Vice President                Female   53    November 2005   November 2021             —               —                —               —               378.03    No
(鄧曉力)

LI Zongjun
                 Vice President                 Male    55      July 2015     November 2021             —               —                —               —               377.84    No
(李宗軍)




                                                                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                         133
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                                                                                      remuneration
                                                                                                    No. of shares   No. of shares      Changes                             from the
                                                                     Term                                                                                                              Remuneration
                                                                                  Term expiration     held at the     held at the       (+/-) in      Reason for          Company
         Name              Position (Notes)       Gender   Age   commencement                                                                                                           from related
                                                                                       date         beginning of             end     shareholdings     changes           during the
                                                                     date                                                                                                                  parties
                                                                                                        the Year     of the Year    during the Year                Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                        (before tax)
                                                                                                                                                                       (RMB 10,000)

 WU Huifeng          Secretary to the Board                      December 2014     October 2023
                                                   Male    46                                               —               —                —               —               378.00    No
 (吳慧峰)               Vice President                              November 2018    November 2021

 ZHAO Bin
                     Vice President                Male    51    November 2018    November 2021             —               —                —               —               377.98    No
 (趙斌)

 HU Yu               Chief Risk Officer                          December 2018    November 2021
                                                   Male    56                                               —               —                —               —               325.62    No
 (胡宇)                Chief Compliance Officer                    December 2018    November 2021

 WU Guangyan
                     Vice President                Male    52     February 2019   November 2021             —               —                —               —               375.18    No
 (吳光焰)

 XIE Jijun
                     Vice President                Male    48      March 2019     November 2021             —               —                —               —               373.01    No
 (謝繼軍)

 FANG Xiaobing       Shareholder Representative
                                                   Male    50       July 2011      October 2020             —               —                —               —                 —       No
 (房小兵)               Supervisor (Resigned)

 ZHANG Zehong        Shareholder Representative
                                                   Male    48       July 2011      October 2020             —               —                —               —                 —       Yes
 (張澤宏)               Supervisor (Resigned)

 XIONG Zhigang       Employee Representative
                                                   Male    43      May 2017        October 2020             —               —                —               —               177.33    No
 (熊志鋼)               Supervisor (Resigned)

 Total               ╱                             ╱       ╱           ╱                ╱                                                                     ╱            4,774.12    ╱

Notes: 1.            In June 2019, our Board of Directors received a written resignation report from an independent director,
                     Mr. WONG Ti. Due to his other work arrangements, Mr. WONG Ti applied to resign from his positions as
                     an independent director of the sixth session of the Board and a member of each of the Audit Committee
                     and the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board. According to the relevant regulations,
                     including among others, the Guidelines for Introducing Independent Directors to the Board of Directors
                     of Listed Companies（《關於在上市公司建立獨立董事制度的指導意見》）and the Articles of Association
                     of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., Mr. WONG Ti will continue to perform his duties until a new
                     independent director is appointed by the Company;
                2.   No share incentive scheme was implemented during the Reporting Period;
                3.   Payment of 40% of the annual performance-based bonus payable to the Directors, chairman of the
                     Supervisory Committee and senior management who worked full time for the Company shall be deferred
                     for a term of 3 years. The deferred payment of remuneration shall be divided equally;
                4.   The total remuneration before tax of Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee and senior
                     management who worked full time for the Company has not been confirmed yet. Further information
                     will be disclosed upon confirmation;
                5.   Certain Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company participated in the employee
                     stock ownership scheme in 2020. As of the date of disclosure of this Report, HUO Da, XIONG Jiantao,
                     ZHOU Linda Lei, YIN Hongyan, HE Min, DENG Xiaoli, LI Zongjun, WU Huifeng, ZHAO Bin, HU Yu, WU
                     Guangyan and XIE Jijun held an aggregate of 4,658,302 shares through the employee stock ownership
                     scheme, accounting for 8.95% of the total shares held under the scheme and 0.05% of the total share
                     capital of the Company, respectively.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

134
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                     Major work experience

               Mr. HUO has served as our Chairman of the Board since May 2017, and a member
               of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit
               since June 2018. During the period from September 2017 to January 2019, he was a
               part-time member of the 17th Public Offering Review Committee of the CSRC, and
               director of China Merchants Securities International Company Limited from January
               2019 to October 2020. He served the CSRC as principal staff member, deputy division
               head and division head, assistant to the head of the Shenzhen office of the CSRC,
               deputy inspector, deputy division head and division head of the Market Supervision
               Department of the CSRC, director of the Corporate Bonds Supervision Department
HUO Da (霍達)    of the CSRC, director of the Research Center of the CSRC, head of Beijing Institute
               of Securities and Futures and head of China Institute of Finance and Capital Markets
               successively.

               Mr. HUO Da obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Huazhong University
               of Science and Technology (previously named as Huazhong Institute of Technology),
               a master’s degree in economics from Huazhong University of Science and Technology
               (previously named as Huazhong Institute of Technology) and a doctoral degree in
               economics from Chinese Academy of Fiscal Sciences (formerly known as the Research
               Institute for Fiscal Science of the Ministry of Finance) in July 1989, April 1994 and
               January 2008, respectively.

               Mr. SU has served as our non-executive Director since June 2017, chief accountant
               of China Oil and Foodstuffs Corporation since December 2020, executive director
               of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
               Exchange, stock code: 0144) since October 2017, non-executive director of Sinotrans
               Limited (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601598; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
               Exchange, stock code: 0598) since June 2019, the head of the finance department
               (property rights department) of China Merchants Group from July 2017 to December
               2020, director of China Merchants Expressway Network & Technology Holdings Co.,
               Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001965) from January 2018 to March 2021,
               director of China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code:
               001872) from December 2018 to March 2021. He was director of China Merchants
               Energy Shipping Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601872) from August 2017
SU Jian (粟健)   to January 2019. He previously served as clerk, head and then financial manager of
               Guangzhou Merchants International Travel Service Co. Ltd., officer, senior manager,
               assistant to the head and then deputy head of the finance department of China
               Merchants Group, senior manager of the finance department of China Merchants
               Shekou Industrial Zone Company Limited, deputy head of the human resources
               department of China Merchants Group, deputy general manager of China Merchants
               Industry Holdings Co., Ltd. and deputy head (as the person in charge at the grade of
               head) of the finance department (property rights department) of China Merchants
               Group.

               Mr. SU Jian obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai University of
               Finance and Economics in July 1993. Mr. SU obtained the qualifications as a non-
               practising member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an
               Intermediate Accountant in 2000 and 2002, respectively.


                                                                                   2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                135
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                           Major work experience

                       Mr. XIONG has served as our non-executive Director since December 2014, head of
                       the strategic development department of China Merchants Group since March 2015,
                       executive director of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (listed on the
                       Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0144) since June 2018, director of China
                       Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. since August 2018, and non-
                       executive director of Sinotrans Limited (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601598; listed on
                       the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 0598) since June 2019. He concurrently
                       acted as head of the security and supervision department of China Merchants Group
                       from February 2017 to October 2018, director of the research and development center
                       of China Merchants Group and dean of China Merchants Technology and Innovation
                       Research and Development Institute (招商局科技創新發展研究院) from August 2018
 XIONG Xianliang       to November 2020. He used to be researcher and division head of the Development
 (熊賢良)                 Research Center of the State Council, deputy director of Chongqing Development and
                       Planning Commission, vice leader of the general group of the steering committee office
                       of the Western Region Development of the State Council (國務院西部開發領導小組辦
                       公室綜合組), inspector of the Research Office of the State Council, general manager
                       (head) of the strategic research department of China Merchants Group, non-executive
                       director of China Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on
                       the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 3968), and head of the information
                       management department and research department of China Merchants Group.

                       Mr. XIONG Xianliang obtained a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in global
                       economics from Nankai University in June 1991 and December 1993, respectively. Mr.
                       XIONG was granted the title of Researcher by the Development Research Center of the
                       State Council in September 2000.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

136
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                    Major work experience

              Ms. SU has served as our non-executive Director since June 2016, director of China
              Merchants Finance Holdings since December 2015, general manager of China
              Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. since December 2017, standing vice
              chairman of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business
              Unit* (招商局金融事業群╱平台) since June 2018, non-executive director of China
              Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
              Exchange, stock code 3968) since September 2014, director of Bosera Fund since
              September 2018, and director of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the
              SZSE, stock code: 002939) since October 2020. Ms SU was general manager of China
              Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.* (招商局金融集團有限公司) from September
              2015 to February 2019. In addition, she served as chief accountant, deputy general
              manager of Anhui Province Energy Group Co., Ltd., director of Anhui Province Wenergy
              Company Limited (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000543), director of Huishang
SU Min (蘇敏)   Bank Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:
              3698), chief accountant of China Shipping (Group) Company, chairman of the board
              of China Shipping Finance Co., Ltd., executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Energy
              Transportation Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600026; listed on the Hong
              Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1138), non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING
              Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong
              Stock Exchange, stock code: 2866), chairman of the board of China Shipping Leasing
              Co., Ltd, director of China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd.
              and supervisor of China Merchants Capital Co., Ltd.

              Ms. SU Min obtained a bachelor’s degree in finance from Shanghai University of
              Finance and Economics in July 1990, and a master’s degree in business administration
              from the University of Science and Technology of China in December 2002. She was
              granted the qualifications of Certified Public Accountant, Certified Public Valuer and
              senior accountant in June 1998, June 1999 and June 2008, respectively.




                                                                                   2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                137
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                          Major work experience

                       Mr. XIONG has served as our executive Director since May 2017, our President since
                       December 2018, and Chief Information Officer since July 2019. He used to be our Vice
                       President from December 2005 to December 2018, our Chief Operating Officer from
                       May 2017 to December 2018, chairman of the board of directors of China Merchants
                       Futures from March 2008 to March 2019, chairman of the board of directors of
                       CMS Asset Management from March 2015 to March 2019, and director of CMS
                       International from September 2015 to October 2020. Mr XIONG successively acted
                       as deputy manager of the information center in China Merchants Bank (listed on the
                       SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 3968),
                       manager of our computer department, general manager of our computer center,
 XIONG Jiantao         general manager of our IT center and our technical director (during such period, he
 (熊劍濤)                 was a member of the administrative take-over group of China Southern Securities), and
                       director of Bosera Funds.

                       Mr. XIONG Jiantao obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering majoring
                       in telecommunications engineering from Nanjing University of Posts and
                       Telecommunications (formerly known as Nanjing Institute of Posts and
                       Telecommunications), a master’s degree in engineering majoring in automatic
                       instrumentation and installation from Huazhong University of Science and Technology
                       (formerly known as Huazhong Institute of Technology) and a degree for executive
                       master of business management (“EMBA”) from Fudan University in July 1989, June
                       1992 and June 2014, respectively.

                       Ms. PENG has served as our non-executive Director since August 2007, a standing
                       member of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business
                       Unit since June 2018, director of China Merchants Commerce Leasing Co.,Ltd. ( 招
                       商局通商融資租賃有限公司) since August 2018, director of of China Merchants Ping
                       An Asset Management Co. since December 2018, and director of China Great Wall
                       Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 002939) since June 2011. She was
                       deputy general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from April
                       2016 to February 2019, director of Morgan Stanley Huaxin Fund Management Co.,
                       Ltd. from March 2015 to August 2019 and director of Bosera Funds from November
 PENG Lei (彭磊)         2017 to September 2018. She successively served as executive director of Union Asset
                       Management Company, and deputy general manager of the general management
                       department, general manager of the audit department, general manager of the China
                       business department, general manager of the securities department and assistant to
                       the general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.

                       Ms. PENG Lei obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in business
                       management from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics and a master’s
                       degree in economics majoring in finance from Peking University in July 1994 and July
                       2010, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

138
       Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                   Major work experience

             Mr. GAO has served as our Director since March 2020, deputy general manager
             (chief digital officer (CDO)) of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited
             since February 2017, general manager of China Merchants Financial Technology Co.,
             Ltd.* (招商局金融科技有限公司) since November 2017, and standing member of the
             Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit* (招商局
             金融事業群╱平台) since February 2019. he acted as the chief digital officer (CDO) of
             China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.* (招商局金融集團有限公司) from February
             2017 to February 2019. He was an assistant engineer of the first engineering division
             of Nanjing No. 724 Research Institute* (南京724研究所), engineer of China Electronics
             Software Development Co. (中電軟件技術開發公司), engineer and the business officer
             of the computer department, an engineer of actuary and information department, the
GAO Hong     officer of software development office and assistant to general manager of computer
(高宏)         department under life insurance, and assistant to general manager of the Jilin Branch
             of China Ping An Insurance Company* (中國平安保險公司), general manager of the
             computer department in the headquarter of Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd., vice
             general manager (in charge of work) of the information management department
             and the assistant to general manager of the group shared service centre of China
             Insurance (Holdings) Company Limited, general manager of the information technology
             centre, an assistant to general manager, and the general manager of innovation and
             development department of Funde Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd.* (富德生命人壽股份有
             限公司), during which time, he also served as the assistant to general manager of Funde
             Insurance Holding Co., Ltd.* (富德保險控股股份有限公司).

             Mr. GAO Hong obtained a bachelor’s degree of science in computer software from the
             Department of Computer Science from Nanjing University in July 1989.




                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                              139
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                          Major work experience

                       Mr. HUANG has served as our non-executive Director since August 2012, general
                       manager of the capital operation department of China COSCO Shipping Corporation
                       Limited since September 2016, non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING
                       Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong
                       Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2866) since June 2016, director of Lanhai Medical
                       Investment Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600896) since May 2017, director
                       of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co., Ltd. since August 2017, and director
                       of Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. since June 2018. He was a director of
                       COSCO SHIPPING Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 002401) from
                       December 2017 to March 2019. He successively served as the head of the capital
                       management department of finance and capital division of China Ocean Shipping
 HUANG Jian            (Group) Company, vice president and general manager of the finance department
 (黃堅)                  of COSCO Logistics (Americas), Inc. (中遠物流（美洲）有限公司) (formerly known as
                       Intermodal Bridge Services Inc. ( 中 遠 美 國 內 陸 運 輸 公 司 )), general manager of the
                       finance department and chief financial officer of COSCO Americas Inc., deputy general
                       manager of the finance department of China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company and
                       deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of the capital operation department of
                       China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited.

                       Mr. HUANG Jian obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in auditing from
                       Capital University of Economics and Business (formerly known as Beijing Institute
                       of Finance and Trade) and a master’s degree in business management from Beijing
                       Institute of Technology in July 1992 and March 2002, respectively. Mr. HUANG
                       obtained the qualifications of accountant and senior accountant from the Ministry of
                       Finance in May 1997 and December 2015, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

140
       Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                     Major work experience

               Mr. WANG has served as our non-executive Director since September 2016. Mr. WANG
               has been executive director and chairman of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING
               Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong
               Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2866) since May 2016 and July 2019 respectively,
               chairman of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
               (formerly known as COSCO SHIPPING Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.) since March 2014,
               and non-executive director of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock
               code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 3968) since
               November 2016. He was vice chairman of the board of directors of New China COSCO
               Financial Holdings Limited (新華遠海金融控股有限公司) from March 2017 to January
               2020, chairman of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance
               Co., Ltd. From October 2017 to March 2020, and chief executive officer of COSCO
               SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the
               Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2866) from March 2016 to April 2020. Mr.
WANG Daxiong   WANG acted as division head and office chief of the Finance Office of the Guangzhou
(王大雄)          Maritime Bureau ( 廣 州 海 運 局 財 務 處 ), head of the finance department and chief
               accountant of Guangzhou Maritime Transport (Group) Co., Ltd., chief accountant,
               vice president and deputy general manager of China Shipping (Group) Company, vice
               chairman and chairman of the board of directors of Lanhai Medical Investment Co., Ltd.
               (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600896), non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING
               Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong
               Stock Exchange, stock code: 2866), executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Energy
               Transportation Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600026; listed on the Hong
               Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1138) and director of CIB Fund Management Co.,
               Ltd.

               Mr. WANG Daxiong obtained a bachelor’s degree majoring in finance and economics
               from Shanghai Maritime University and an EMBA degree from Shanghai University of
               Finance and Economics in July 1983 and January 2012, respectively. Mr. WANG also
               obtained the qualification of senior accountant from the Ministry of Transport of the
               People’s Republic of China in November 1995.




                                                                                    2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                 141
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                          Major work experience

                       Mr. WANG has served as our non-executive Director since July 2019. Mr. WANG has
                       served as the vice president of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited (中國人民人壽
                       保險股份有限公司) since July 2017, and chairman of the board of directors of China-
                       US Insurance Advisory CO., LTD. (中 美 國 際 保 險 銷 售 服 務 有 限 責 任 公 司 ) since May
                       2017. He was assistant to manager and deputy manager of life insurance department,
                       deputy manager of domestic business department and manager of vehicle insurance
 WANG Wen              department of the Beijing Branch of China Pacific Insurance Co., Ltd., assistant to
 (王文)                  general manager and deputy general manager of the Beijing Branch of China Pacific
                       Life Insurance Co., LTD. (中國太平洋人壽保險股份有限公司), leader of the preparatory
                       group, deputy general manager (person in charge) and general manager of the
                       Beijing Branch of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited and sales director of PICC Life
                       Insurance Company Limited.

                       Mr. WANG Wen obtained a bachelor’s and master’s degree in law from Peking
                       University in July 1991 and July 2005, respectively.

                       Mr. XIANG has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. He
                       has been chief executive officer of Durer Investment Management Co., Ltd. (圖瑞投資
                       管理有限公司) since January 2018. Mr. XIANG successively acted as officer and deputy
                       head of the Balance of Payments Department and General Affairs Department of the
                       State Administration of Foreign Exchange, and head of the Central Foreign Exchange
 XIANG Hua             Business Center of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, general manager
 (向華)                  of SAFE Investment Company Limited, and chief executive officer and chief operating
                       officer of Deepwater Capital Limited.

                       Mr. XIANG Hua obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Beijing Normal
                       University and a master’s degree in economics from Renmin University of China in July
                       1994 and September 2001, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

142
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                    Major work experience

             Mr. XIAO has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. He
             has been principal partner of RSM China (special general parnter) (容誠會計師事務所
             （特殊普通合夥）) (formerly known as HuaPu TianJian Certified Public Accountants LLP)
             since January 2014 , the director of Xuzhou Xiaodong Cardiovascular Hospital Co., Ltd.
             (徐州曉東心血管醫院有限責任公司) since November 2019 and the director of Guohua
             Kangping Elderly Service Co., Ltd.(國華康平養老服務有限公司) from April 2019 to
XIAO Houfa   November 2020. Mr. XIAO used to be founder, deputy chief accountant and chief
(肖厚發)        accountant of Anhui HuaPu Certified Public Accountants (安徽華普會計師事務所), and
             chief accountant of HuaPu TianJian Certified Public Accountants (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (華
             普天健會計師事務所（北京）有限公司).

              Mr. XIAO Houfa obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Shanghai University
              of Finance and Economics in July 1988. Mr. XIAO has received the title of senior
              accountant and is a certified public accountant.

              Mr. XIONG has served as our independent non-executive Director since August 2017.
              Mr. XIONG has been teaching at Princeton University since July 2000 and has been
              serving as professor of economics since July 2007, Trumbull-Adams Professor of
              Finance since July 2014, academic advisor at Hong Kong Institute for Monetary and
              Financial Research since July 2012, academic dean of the School of Economics and
XIONG Wei     Management at The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen since June 2015 and
(熊偉)          director of Shenzhen Finance Institute, CUHK(SZ) since January 2017.

              Mr. XIONG Wei obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from the University of Science
              and Technology of China, a master’s degree in physics from Columbia University in
              the United States and a doctoral degree in finance from Duke University in the United
              States in July 1993, May 1995 and May 2001, respectively.

              Mr. HU has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. Mr.
              HU has been professor of law and doctoral advisor at Fudan University since January
              2008, while concurrently serving as independent director of Perfect Group CORP., LTD
              (倍加潔集團股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 603059) since June 2016,
              independent director of Shanghai Amarsoft Information & Technology Co., Ltd. (上
              海安碩信息技術股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 300380) since March
              2017, independent director of Shanghai Huaxin Stock Co., Ltd (上海華鑫股份有限公
HU Honggao    司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600621) since May 2017, and independent director
(胡鴻高)         of Shenzhen Pacific Union Precision Manufacturing Company Ltd. since April 2020.
              He also served as independent director of Shanghai Tofflon Science and Technology
              Co., Ltd. (上海東富龍科技股份有限公司)(listed on the SZSE, stock code: 300171) from
              March 2014 to February 2020. Mr. HU was head of faculty of law and vice dean of
              Fudan Law School at Fudan University.

              Mr. HU Honggao obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from Peking University in July
              1983.




                                                                                  2020 Annual Report

                                                                                               143
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                          Major work experience

                       Mr. WONG has served as our independent non-executive Director since January 2018.
                       Mr. WONG has been independent director of AsiaPacific Property & Casualty Insurance
                       Co., Ltd. since April 2016, supervisor of Vivasolis Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (中國台灣旭
                       昶生物科技股份有限公司) since August 2016, independent non-executive director of
                       51 Credit Card Inc. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 2051) since
                       July 2018, and independent director of China International Fund Management Co.,
                       Ltd. since April 2019. From July 2017 to May 2019, he acted as independent director
                       of Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (復 星 聯 合 健 康 保 險 股 份 有 限 公 司 ). Mr.
 WONG Ti (汪棣)          WONG was also an auditor of Coopers & Lybrand Los Angeles (中信永道會計師事務
                       所), manager of Coopers & Lybrand China (中信永道會計師事務所) and a partner of
                       Pricewaterhouse Coopers (PwC) China.

                       Mr. WONG Ti obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the Department of
                       Business Administration of National Taiwan University in 1982 and a Master of Business
                       Administration (MBA) degree from University of California, Los Angeles in 1986. Mr.
                       WONG obtained a qualification as a certified public accountant in China in October
                       2002.

                       Ms. ZHOU has served as our Chairman of the Supervisory Committee since July 2014.
                       Ms. ZHOU has been supervisor and chairman of the supervisory committee of China
                       Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. since April and May 2020, respectively. She
                       was supervisor of Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601166),
                       independent director of Jiangxi Selon Industrial Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock
                       code: 002748), independent director of China Merchants Fund, managing director
 ZHOU Linda Lei        of China Merchants China Investment Management Limited and executive director of
 (周語菡)                 China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                       Exchange, stock code: 0133).

                       Ms. ZHOU Linda Lei obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in finance
                       and accounting from Renmin University of China and a master’s degree in business
                       administration from Sonoma State University of the California State University in July
                       1989 and January 1993, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

144
             Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




     Name                                        Major work experience

                   Mr. LI has served as our Supervisor since July 2014. Mr. Li has been a standing member
                   of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit since
                   June 2018, and supervisor of China Greatwall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE,
                   stock code: 002939) since July 2015. He was an assistant to general manager of
                   China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from November 2014 to November 2017,
                   and deputy general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from
                   November 2017 to February 2019. He held such positions as secretary (chief at section
LI Xiaofei         level) of the general manager office, deputy manager of the planning and development
(李曉霏)              department and deputy manager of the leasing department of Shenzhen Nanyou
                   (Holdings) Ltd., manager of the administration and human resources department and
                   secretary to the board of directors of Grand Auto Park Company Limited (深圳市平
                   方汽車園區有限公司), senior manager of the human resources department of China
                   Merchants Group, and general manager of the human resources department of China
                   Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.

                   Mr. LI Xiaofei obtained a master’s degree in economics majoring in labour economics
                   from Renmin University of China in January 2004.

                   Mr. WANG has served as our Supervisor since June 2017. Mr. WANG has been the
                   chief auditor (首席稽核官) of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial
                   Services Business Unit since April 2019, supervisor of China Merchants Finance
                   Investment Holdings Co. Ltd. since September 2011, and director of Shenzhen Yan
                   Qing Investment and Development Co. Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and
                   Development Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd.
                   since November 2014. He was general manager of Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
                   Development Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd.
                   from November 2014 to July 2018, general manager of Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
WANG Zhangwei      and Development Co. Ltd. from November 2014 to August 2018, and assistant to
(王章為)              general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from May 2016
                   to April 2019. Mr. WANG also acted as manager of the audit department of China
                   Merchants Shekou Holdings Co., Ltd., manager of the finance department of China
                   Merchants Technology Holdings Co., Ltd., senior manager of the audit department of
                   China Merchants Group Limited and general manager of the finance department of
                   China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.

                   Mr. WANG Zhangwei obtained a bachelor’s degree from Dongbei University of Finance
                   and Economics and an MBA degree from University of South Australia in July 1995
                   and April 2008, respectively. He is a certified public accountant in the PRC and an
                   international certified internal auditor.




                                                                                        2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                     145
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                          Major work experience

                       Mr. MA has served as our Supervisor since June 2017. Mr. MA has been chairman
                       of the board of directors of Hebei Port Group (Tianjin) Investment Management
                       Co., Ltd. ( 河 北 港 口 集 團（ 天 津 ）投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ) since October 2020, and
                       chairman of the board of directors and president of Hebei Port Group Shanghai
                       Investment Management Company since January 2016. Mr. MA served as cadre of
                       the electromechanical division, vice head and head of the lading team, and deputy
                       manager of the Sixth Port Service Branch of Qinghuangdao Port Co., Ltd.(秦皇島港
 MA Yunchun            口 有 限 公 司 第 六 港 務 分 公 司 ), manager of Logistics Company of Qinhuangdao Port
 (馬蘊春)                 Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司物流公司), manager of the First Port Service Branch of
                       Qinhuangdao Port Company Limited (秦皇島港口股份有限公司) (formerly known as
                       Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司)), and general manager of Hebei Port
                       Group (Tianjin) Investment Management Co., Ltd. (河北港口集團（天津）投資管理有限
                       公司) and Hebei Port Group Shanghai Investment Management Company.

                       Mr. MA Yunchun obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in welding from
                       Tianjin University in July 1989 and April 1994, respectively.

                       Mr. ZHANG has served as our Supervisor since October 2020. He also serves as general
                       manager of finance capital department of China Communications Construction
                       Company Limited (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601800; listed on the Hong Kong
                       Stock Exchange, stock code: 1800) since January 2020, and supervisor of Jiang
                       Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. since May 2020. He served as director and chief
                       accountant of CCCC First Highway Engineering Group Co., Ltd. (formerly CCCC First
                       Highway Engineering Bureau Co., Ltd.) from April 2009 to December 2019, deputy
                       general manager (person in charge) of the financial capital department of China
 Zhang Zhen
                       Communications Construction Company Ltd. from December 2019 to January 2020.
 (張震)                  He served as auditor of audit division, chief finance manager of Zaire O-W Project,
                       manager of finance division in charge of reporting accounts, chief accountant of
                       Science Research Institute, chief of finance division, and deputy chief accountant of
                       CCCC First Highway Engineering Co., Ltd.

                       Mr. ZHANG Zhen obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering finance and accounting
                       from Changsha Transportation College Faculty of Management in July 1985; and was
                       awarded with professional qualification of senior accountant from Professional Skill
                       and Qualification Assessment Committee of Ministry of Transportation in August 1997.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

146
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                     Major work experience

               Mr. ZOU has served as our Supervisor since October 2020. He also serves as the chief
               of securities investment department of Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset Management Group
               Co., Ltd. since December 2018, director of Guangdong Huaqiang Property Co., Ltd.
               since January 2008, and director of Shenzhen Huaqaing Dingxin Investment Co., Ltd.
               since January 2015. He served as director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Group Co., Ltd. from
               September 2012 to December 2017, general manager of Shenzhen Qianhai Huaqiang
               Xinghe Financial Leasing Development Co., Ltd from January 2016 to September 2017,
               and general manager of Shenzhen Huaqiang Group Finance Co., Ltd. from September
               2017 to November 2018. He served as deputy chief, chief of financial settlement centre
               and chief of investment management division, and supervisor of Shenzhen Huaqiang
               Group Co., Ltd., director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Industry Co. Ltd. (listed on the SZSE,
ZOU Qun (鄒群)   stock code: 000062), deputy managing director of Shenzhen Sanyang Huaqiang Laser
               Electronic Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of Huaqiang Cloud Investment Holding
               Co., Ltd., general managing director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Laser Electronic Co., Ltd.
               and general manager of Shenzhen Huaqiang Zhaoyang Energy Co., Ltd.

               Mr. ZOU Qun obtained his bachelor’s degree in magnetic physics and devices from
               Huazhong University of Science and Technology (formerly known as Huazhong
               Institute of Technology) in July 1988. He was also awarded with finance professional
               qualification of intermediate economist by Ministry of Personal Affairs of the People’s
               Republic of China in June 1995, and obtained qualification of senior professional
               manager in enterprise management from China Professional Manager Qualification
               Assessment Committee in July 2005.

               Ms. YIN has served as our employee representative Supervisor since August 2007.
               Ms. YIN has been our Chief Human Resource Officer since June 2020. She used to be
               general manager of our Department of Retail Brokerage and Department of Operations
               and Administration from August 2017 to August 2018, and general manager of our
               Human Resources Department from August 2018 to May 2020. She served as assistant
YIN Hongyan    to manager and head of the customer service department of our Shenzhen Zhenhua
(尹虹艷)          Road securities branch, deputy manager of our Shenzhen Fumin Road securities branch,
               assistant to general manager of our Private Customer Service Department, manager
               of our Shenzhen Fumin Road securities branch and deputy general manager and later
               general manager of our Department of Operations and Administration.

               Ms. YIN Hongyan obtained a doctoral degree in law majoring in sociology from Nankai
               University in June 2006.




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                  147
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                           Major work experience

                       Ms. HE has served as our employee representative Supervisor since July 2009 and
                       general manager of our Finance Department since February 2019. Ms. HE has been
                       chairman of the supervisory committee of Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited since
                       April 2019, director of China Merchants Futures Co., Ltd. and China Merchants Zhiyuan
                       Capital Investment Co. Ltd. since May 2019, and director of China Merchants Securities
                       Asset Management Co., Ltd. since July 2019. Ms. HE served as deputy general manager
                       of our Finance Department from April 2009 to February 2019, and assistant to the
 HE Min (何敏)           general manager of our Finance Department.

                       Ms. HE Min obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting and
                       a master’s degree in management majoring in accounting, both from Zhongnan
                       University of Economics and Law (formerly known as Zhongnan University of Finance
                       and Economics), in July 1996 and June 1999, respectively. Ms. HE was granted the
                       qualification of Certified Public Accountant in October 1999 by the Chinese Institute of
                       Certified Public Accountants.

                       Ms. SHEN has served as our employee representative Supervisor since October 2020.
                       She has been also serving as the general manager of Audit Department of the Company
                       since March 2020, independent director of RAYITEK HI-TECH Film Company Ltd.,
                       Shenzhen* (深圳瑞華泰薄膜科技股份有限公司) since May 2020, independent director
                       of Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd.* (深圳市新產業生物醫
                       學工程股份有限公司) since June 2020. Ms. SHEN Weihua served as the vice president
                       of the ZTF Securities Limited* (中天國富證券有限責任公司) from July 2017 to April
 SHEN Weihua           2019. She once worked in Shenzhen Zhongshen Certified Accounting Firm* ( 深 圳
 (沈衛華)                 中審會計師事務所), and was an auditing manager of Shenzhen Pengcheng Certified
                       Public Accounting Firm* (深圳鵬程會計師事務所), an internal auditing general manager
                       of Investment Banking Department of the Company, the general manager of China
                       Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd., and the managing director of ZTF
                       Securities Limited.

                       Ms. SHEN Weihua obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in
                       History of Foreign Economic Thoughts from the Economics and Management School of
                       Wuhan University in July 1993 and July 1997, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

148
         Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




     Name                                    Major work experience

               Ms. DENG has served as our Vice President since November 2005. She has been
               chairman of the board of directors of CMS Zhiyuan since January 2019 and chairman
               of the board of directors of CMS Asset Management since March 2019. She also served
               as our Chief Risk Officer from August 2014 to December 2018. From January 2006 to
               January 2019, she took the position of director of CMS International. She also acted
               as director and vice chairman of the board of directors of China Merchants Fund from
               November 2006 and November 2013 respectively to April 2020. She was a senior
               risk analyst of Providian Financial Corporation, senior analyst in the risk management
DENG Xiaoli    department of Citigroup Inc., deputy general manager and then general manager of
(鄧曉力)          our Risk Management Department (during such period she had been a member of
               the administrative take-over group of China Southern Securities) and secretary to the
               Board.

               Ms. DENG Xiaoli obtained a bachelor’s degree in science majoring in management
               science from Shandong University, a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in
               economics from the State University of New York in July 1989, December 1993 and
               December 1996, respectively. Ms. DENG was granted the title of Senior Economist
               (Finance) in December 2013.

               Mr. LI has served as our Vice President since July 2015. Mr. LI has been chairman
               of the board of directors of China Merchants Futures since March 2019, director of
               E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd. since January 2019, and vice chairman of the board of
               directors of Qingdao Assets Management Co., Ltd. (青島市資產管理有限公司) since
               December 2018. He served as chairman of the board of directors of CMS Zhiyuan from
               January 2015 to January 2019, and took the positions of assistant to general manager
               of COSCO Finance Co., Ltd. and general manager of its Beijing securities department,
               deputy manager of the overseas listing department of COSCO’s asset management
LI Zongjun     center, assistant to general manager of China Merchants Holdings (International)
(李宗軍)          Company Limited, deputy general manager of the corporate planning department
               of China Merchants Group, deputy general manager of China Merchants Capital
               Investments Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of China Merchants Food Supply Chain
               Management Co., Ltd.* (招商局食品供應鏈管理有限公司) and assistant to President of
               the Company.

               Mr. LI Zongjun obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in
               economics, both from Nankai University, in July 1987 and April 1990, respectively. Mr.
               LI was granted the qualification of senior economist by the Ministry of Transport in
               October 1998.




                                                                                    2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                 149
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                          Major work experience

                       Mr. WU has served as our Vice President since November 2018 and our Secretary to the
                       Board since December 2014. Mr. WU served as head of the settlement center of China
                       Nanshan Development (Group) Co., Ltd., deputy manager of the finance department
                       of Shanghai Nanshan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (上海南山房地產開發有限公
                       司) (formerly known as Shanghai Chengnan Real EstateDevelopment Company (上海
                       誠南房地產開發公司)), general manager of the finance and audit department, general
                       manager of the human resources department, assistant to the general manager, and
 WU Huifeng            deputy general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. He also worked
 (吳慧峰)                 for our Company as Director, Supervisor, co-general manager of the Board office and
                       assistant to president.

                       Mr. WU Huifeng obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting
                       from the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in
                       economics majoring in finance from Peking University in June 1996 and January 2012,
                       respectively. Mr. WU was granted the qualification of accountant in May 1998 by the
                       Ministry of Finance of the PRC.

                       Mr. ZHAO has served as our Vice President since November 2018. He has been working
                       as executive director of CMS Investment since January 2019. He acted as our Chief
                       Compliance Officer from January 2016 to December 2018, chief compliance officer
                       of CMS Asset Management from January 2018 to January 2021, chairman of the
                       supervisory committee of China Merchants Fund from September 2017 to April 2020,
                       director of CMS Asset Management from July 2015 to May 2019, and director of China
                       Merchants Futures from July 2008 to May 2019. He took the position of assistant to
                       manager and manager of our Haikou branch, head of Futian branch, assistant to the
                       general manager of our Brokerage Business Department, deputy manager (person-
 ZHAO Bin (趙斌)         in-charge) of our Shenzhen Longgang securities branch, manager of our Shenzhen
                       Nanshan Nanyou Road securities branch, general manager of our Private Customer
                       Service Department, general manager of our Channel Management Department,
                       general manager of our Department of Retail Brokerage and our employee
                       representative Supervisor.

                       Mr. ZHAO Bin obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in international
                       finance from Shenzhen University and a master’s degree in science majoring in project
                       management from the University of Greenwich in June 1992 and December 2010,
                       respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

150
       Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                    Major work experience

              Mr. HU has been the chief compliance officer and chief risk officer since December
              2018. From August to November 2018, he was the deputy head of capital operation
              department of China Merchants Group. He served as the member of CPC Committee
              and the secretary of Disciplinary Committee of Guangdong Bureau of the China
              Securities Regulatory Commission from November 2016 to July 2018. He was a
              teacher in Xishan Middle School (西山中學), teacher of the foreign language teaching
              and research office of Jiangxi Medical College, deputy principal staff member of
HU Yu (胡宇)    Department of Policy and Regulations, the principal staff member of Department
              of Intermediary Supervision, the deputy officer and director of Office of the Party
              Committee as well as the director of No.1 Inspection Office of Shenzhen Bureau of the
              CSRC and member of CPC Committee and the secretary of Disciplinary Committee of
              Hainan Bureau of the China Securities Regulatory Commission.

              Mr. HU Yu obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Jiangxi Normal University (江西師範
              大學) and a Master’s degree in Finance from Graduate School of People’s Bank of China
              in July 1989 and July 1996, respectively.

              Mr. WU has served as our Vice President since February 2019, and chairman of the
              board of directors of CMS International since December 2018. He served as general
              manager of our Department of International Business from November 2018 to June
              2020, assistant to the President from July 2018 to February 2019, and general manager
              of CMS Asset Management from April 2015 to August 2019. Mr. WU also used to be
              engineer of Radio Electronics Research Institute in Wuhan City, technology manager
              of information technology center of the head office of China Merchants Bank, general
              manager of Technology Department of the Shenzhen branch of China Guangfa Bank,
WU Guangyan   person-in-charge for the operation department for credit card business department of
(吳光焰)         the headquarter of Ping An Bank, deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of our
              Operations and Administration Department, general manager of our Private Customer
              Service Department and general manager of our Assets Management Department.

              Mr. WU Guangyan obtained a bachelor’s degree in automatic control majoring in
              testing technology and instrument (自動控制系檢測技術及儀器專業學士學位) and a
              master’s degree majoring in pattern recognition and intelligent control (模式識別與
              智能控制專業碩士學位) from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in June
              1988 and June 1995, respectively.




                                                                                  2020 Annual Report

                                                                                               151
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




       Name                                          Major work experience

                       Mr. XIE has served as our Vice President since March 2019. He acted as the general
                       manager of the Investment banking department from April 2008 to April 2020, and
                       managing director from April 2008 to February 2019. He held the position of officer
                       of the corporate management department of Shenzhen Navigation Group Co., Ltd.,
                       senior manager and assistant to general manager of investment banking department
                       of China Southern Securities Limited, and team head, deputy general manager,
                       executive director and executive director (person-in-charge) of the investment banking
 XIE Jijun (謝繼軍)       department.

                       Mr. XIE Jijun obtained a bachelor’s degree in Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering
                       majoring in thermal engineering from South China University of Technology in July
                       1994, a master’s degree in economics majoring in international economics and trade
                       from Nankai University and Flinders University in Australia (澳大利亞弗林德斯大學)
                       in October 2004 and an EMBA degree from China Europe International Business
                       School in September 2011. Mr. XIE was among the first batch of registered sponsor
                       representatives in China in 2004.

                       Mr. FANG served as our Supervisor from July 2011 to October 2020. Mr. FANG has
                       been the deputy general manager of China Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd. (中國
                       國新控股有限責任公司) since December 2019, chairman of the board of directors of
                       China Reform (Group) Finance Co., Ltd.*(國新集團財務有限責任公司) and executive
                       director of China Reform Capital Co., Ltd.*(國新資本有限公司) since March 2020,
                       supervisor of CNIC Corporation Limited since April 2020 and supervisor of Yellow River
                       Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. since May 2018. He was general manager
                       of the financial management department of China Communications Construction
                       Company Ltd. (CCCC) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601800; listed on the Hong Kong
                       Stock Exchange, stock code: 1800) from August 2014 to February 2020. He served as
                       supervisor of Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. from October 2015 to December
                       2019, director of CCCC Finance Company Limited (中交財務有限公司) from March
                       2016 to December 2019, and director of CCCC Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
 FANG Xiaobing         from August 2016 to December 2019. Mr. FANG took the position of director of CCCC
 (房小兵)                 Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. from May 2018 to December 2019. Besides, he also worked
                       as deputy general manager of the finance department of China Harbor Construction
                       (Group) Company( 中 國 港 灣 建 設（ 集 團 ）總 公 司 ), executive general manager, chief
                       financial officer and chief accountant of the overseas business department of CCCC,
                       and general manager of the financial funding department of China Communications
                       Construction Group (Limited).

                       Mr. FANG Xiaobing obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering majoring in finance
                       from Changsha University of Science & Technology (formerly known as Changsha
                       College of Transportation), a master’s degree in business administration from
                       Fordham University in the U.S. and a doctoral degree in administration from Beijing
                       Jiaotong University in June 1993, February 2006 and June 2016, respectively. Mr.
                       FANG was granted the title of Official Senior Accountant in December 2015 by China
                       Communications Construction Company Limited.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

152
        Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




    Name                                         Major work experience

                Mr. ZHANG served as our Supervisor from July 2011 October 2020. He has been vice
                president of Shenzhen Huaqiang Holdings Limited since August 2014, director of
                Shenzhen Huaqiang Industry Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000062) since
                June 2012, and holds concurrently the positions of director, general manager and
                supervisor in various subsidiaries of Shenzhen Huaqiang Holdings Limited, details of
                which are set out in the below table. Mr ZHANG has been director of Tami Intelligent
                Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (塔米智能科技（北京）有限公司) since October 2016. He
                acted successively as the head of the settlement center, finance department, auditing
ZHANG Zehong    department and assistant to president of Shenzhen Huaqiang Holdings Limited,
(張澤宏)           managing director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Dingxin Investment Co., Ltd.and general
                manager of Huaqiang Industry.

                Mr. ZHANG Zehong obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting
                from Xi’an Shiyou University (formerly known as Xi’an Shiyou College) and a master’s
                degree in economics majoring in accounting from Shaanxi Institute of Finance and
                Economics (now merged into Xi’an Jiaotong University) in June 1994 and July 1997,
                respectively. Mr. ZHANG was granted the title of Intermediate Accountant by the
                Ministry of Finance in May 1999.

                Mr. XIONG served as our employee representative supervisor from May 2017
                to October 2020. He has served as director and general manager of CMS Asset
                Management since December 2019. He was general manager of our Audit Department,
                supervisor of CMS Investment from December 2017 to December 2019, and supervisor
                of CMS Asset Management from May 2019 to December 2019. Mr. XIONG was
                financial manager of the financial management department of Huawei Technologies
                Co., Ltd., officer and deputy head of the CSRC Shenzhen Office, and member of the
                preparation team, chief compliance officer, chief risk officer and secretary to the board
XIONG Zhigang   of directors of CMS Asset Management Co., Ltd.
(熊志鋼)
                Mr. XIONG Zhigang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in auditing
                from Nankai University and a master’s degree in finance from Peking University in
                June 2000 and July 2007, respectively. Mr. XIONG was granted the qualifications
                of Certified Public Accountant by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accounts,
                Internal Auditor by the China Institute of Internal Audit, International Internal Auditor
                (IIA) by the International Institute of Internal Auditors as well as the title of Intermediate
                Accountant by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC in December 2004, November 2001,
                November 2001 and May 2004, respectively.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          153
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



II.    Positions of Incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management and
       Those Resigned during the Reporting Period

(I)    Positions in shareholders


                                                                                   Date of         Date of
        Name                  Name of shareholder                  Position
                                                                                 Appointment     Termination

                      China Merchants Finance Investment                         December
 SU Min (蘇敏)                                                General manager                     to date
                      Holdings Co., Ltd.                                         2017

 WANG Wen
                      PICC Life Insurance Company Limited   Vice president       July 2017      to date
 (王文)
                      China Merchants Finance Investment                         September
                                                            Supervisor                          to date
 WANG Zhangwei        Holdings Co., Ltd.                                         2011
 (王章為)                Shenzhen Jisheng Investment                                November
                                                            Director                            to date
                      Development Co., Ltd.                                      2014

                                                            General manager
 ZHANG Zhen           China Communications Construction
                                                            of the financial     January 2020   to date
 (張震)                 Company Ltd.
                                                            capital department

 Statement of positions in shareholders’ companies          Nil



(II)   Positions in other companies


                                                                                   Date of         Date of
       Name          Name of company                    Position
                                                                                 Appointment     Termination

                                                        Member of the
                                                        Execution Committee
                     China Merchants Group              of China Merchants       June 2018      to date
 HUO Da (霍達)                                            Financial Services
                                                        Business Unit

                     CMS International                  Director                 January 2019   October 2020




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

154
          Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                Date of            Date of
    Name          Name of company                    Position
                                                                              Appointment        Termination
                  China Oil and Foodstuff                                     December
                                                     Chief accountant                          to date
                  Corporation                                                 2020
                  Sinotrans Limited                  Non-executive director   June 2019        to date
                  China Merchants Port Holdings
                                                     Executive director       October 2017     to date
                  Company Limited
                  China Merchants Port Group                                  December
SU Jian (粟健)                                         Director                                  March 2021
                  Co., Ltd.                                                   2018
                  China Merchants Expressway
                  Network & Technology Holdings      Director                 January 2018     March 2021
                  Co., Ltd.
                                                     Head of the finance
                                                                                               December
                  China Merchants Group              department (property     July 2017
                                                                                               2020
                                                     rights department)
                  China Merchants Innovation
                                                     Director                 August 2018      to date
                  Investment Management Co., Ltd.
                                                     Head of strategic
                  China Merchants Group              development              March 2015       to date
                                                     department
                  Sinotrans Limited                  Non-executive director   June 2019        to date
XIONG Xianliang   China Merchants Port Holdings
(熊賢良)                                                Executive director       June 2018        to date
                  Company Limited
                                                     Director of
                                                                                               November
                  China Merchants Group              development research     August 2018
                                                                                               2020
                                                     center
                  China Merchants Technology and
                                                                                               November
                  Innovation Development Institute   Dean                     August 2018
                                                                                               2020
                  (招商局科技創新發展研究院)
                                                     Standing vice officer
                                                     of the Execution
                  China Merchants Group              Committee of China       June 2018        to date
                                                     Merchants Financial
                                                     Services Business Unit
                                                                              September
                  Bosera Funds                       Director                                  to date
                                                                              2018
SU Min (蘇敏)
                  China Merchants Finance Holdings                            December
                                                     Director                                  to date
                  Co., Ltd.                                                   2015
                                                                              September
                  China Merchants Bank               Director                                  to date
                                                                              2014
                  China Great Wall Securities
                                                     Director                 October 2020     to date
                  Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          155
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                 Date of          Date of
      Name           Name of company                  Position
                                                                               Appointment      Termination

 XIONG Jiantao                                                                 September
                     CMS International                Director                                 October 2020
 (熊劍濤)                                                                         2015
                                                      Standing member
                                                      of the Execution
                     China Merchants Group            Committee of China       June 2018       to date
                                                      Merchants Financial
                                                      Services Business Unit

 PENG Lei (彭磊)       China Merchants Ping An Asset                             December
                                                      Director                                 to date
                     Management Co.                                            2018
                     China Merchants Commerce
                                                      Director                 August 2018     to date
                     Leasing Co., Ltd
                     China Great Wall Securities
                                                      Director                 June 2011       to date
                     Co., Ltd.
                                                      Standing member
                                                      of the Execution
                     China Merchants Group            Committee of China       February 2019   to date
                                                      Merchants Financial
                                                      Services Business Unit
 GAO Hong
                     China Merchants Financial
 (高宏)                                                                          November
                     Technology Co., Ltd.             General manager                          to date
                                                                               2017
                     (招商局金融科技有限公司)
                                                      Deputy general
                     China Merchants Life Insurance
                                                      manager (Chief Digital   February 2017   to date
                     Company Limited
                                                      Officer (CDO))
                     Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank
                                                      Director                 June 2018       to date
                     Co., Ltd.
                                                      General manager
                     China COSCO Shipping                                      September
                                                      of capital operation                     to date
                     Corporation Limited                                       2016
                                                      department
 HUANG Jian
                     COSCO SHIPPING Captive
 (黃堅)                                                 Director                 August 2017     to date
                     Insurance Co., Ltd.
                     Lanhai Medical Investment
                                                      Director                 May 2017        to date
                     Co., Ltd.
                     COSCO SHIPPING Development
                                                      Non-executive director   June 2016       to date
                     Co., Ltd.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

156
            Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                Date of            Date of
    Name         Name of company                    Position
                                                                              Appointment        Termination
                 COSCO SHIPPING Investment          Chairman of the board
                                                                              March 2014       to date
                 Co., Limited                       of directors
                 COSCO SHIPPING Development         Chairman of the board
                                                                              July 2019        to date
                 Co., Ltd.                          of directors
                 COSCO SHIPPING Development
                                                    Executive director        May 2016         to date
                 Co., Ltd.
WANG Daxiong                                                                  November
                 China Merchants Bank               Non-executive director                     to date
(王大雄)                                                                         2016
                 COSCO SHIPPING Captive             Chairman of the board
                                                                              October 2017     March 2020
                 Insurance Co., Ltd.                of directors
                 New China COSCO Financial          Vice chairman of the
                                                                              March 2017       January 2020
                 Holdings Limited                   board of directors
                 COSCO SHIPPING Development
                                                    Chief executive officer   May 2016         April 2020
                 Co., Ltd.
WANG Wen         China-US Insurance Advisory        Chairman of the board
                                                                              May 2017         to date
(王文)             CO., LTD.                          of directors
                 Durer Investment Management
XIANG Hua
                 Co., Ltd.                          Chief executive officer   January 2018     to date
(向華)
                 (圖瑞投資管理有限公司)
                 RSM China
                                                    Principal partner         January 2014     to date
                 (容誠會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）)
                 Xuzhou Xiaodong Cardiovascular
                                                                              November
                 Hospital Co., Ltd.                 Director                                   to date
                                                                              2019
                 (徐州曉東心血管醫院有限責任公司)
XIAO Houfa
(肖厚發)            Beijing Zhongfa Shengxing
                                                                                               December
                 Management Consulting Co., Ltd.    Executive director        April 2020
                                                                                               2020
                 (北京中發晟興管理諮詢有限公司)
                 Guohua Kangping
                                                                                               November
                 Elderly Service Co., Ltd.          Director                  April 2019
                                                                                               2020
                 (國華康平養老服務有限公司)
                 Princeton University               Professor of Economics    July 2007        to date
                                                    Trumbull-Adams
                 Princeton University                                         July 2014        to date
                                                    Professor of Finance
                 Shenzhen Finance Institute, CUHK
                                                    Director                  January 2017     to date
XIONG Wei        (SZ)
(熊偉)
                                                    Academic Dean of the
                 Chinese University of Hong Kong,
                                                    School of Economics       June 2015        to date
                 Shenzhen
                                                    and Management
                 Hong Kong Institute for Monetary
                                                    Academic adviser          July 2012        to date
                 and Financial Research




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            157
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                    Date of         Date of
      Name           Name of company                     Position
                                                                                  Appointment     Termination
                                                         Professor of law,
                     Fudan University                                             January 2008   to date
                                                         doctoral advisor
                     Shanghai China Fortune Co., Ltd.    Independent director     May 2017       to date
                     Shanghai Amarsoft Information &
                                                         Independent director     March 2017     to date
                     Technology Co., Ltd.
 HU Honggao
 (胡鴻高)               Perfect Group Corp., Ltd            Independent director     June 2016      to date
                     Shenzhen Pacific Union Precision
                                                         Independent director     April 2020     to date
                     Manufacturing Company Ltd.
                     Shanghai Tofflon Science and
                     Technology Co., Ltd                 Independent director     March 2014     February 2020
                     (上海東富龍科技股份有限公司)
                     China International Fund
                                                         Independent director     April 2019     to date
                     Management Co., Ltd.
                                                         Independent non-
                     51 Credit Card Inc.                                          July 2018      to date
                                                         executive director
 WONG Ti (汪棣)        Asia-Pacific Property & Casualty
                                                         Independent director     April 2016     to date
                     Insurance Co., Ltd.
                     Vivasolis Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
                     (中國台灣旭昶生物科技股份有限公                    Supervisor               August 2016    to date
                     司)
                     China Merchants Fund
                                                         Supervisor               April 2020     to date
 ZHOU Linda Lei      Management Co., Ltd.
 (周語菡)               China Merchants Fund                Chairman of the
                                                                                  May 2020       to date
                     Management Co., Ltd.                supervisory committee
                                                         Standing member
                                                         of the Execution
                     China Merchants Group               Committee of China       June 2018      to date
 LI Xiaofei                                              Merchants Financial
 (李曉霏)                                                   Services Business Unit
                     China Great Wall Securities
                                                         Supervisor               July 2015      to date
                     Co., Ltd.
                                                         Chief auditor of China
                     China Merchants Group               Merchants Financial      April 2019     to date
                                                         Services Business Unit
 WANG
 Zhangwei            Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and                             November
                                                         Director                                to date
 (王章為)               Development Company Ltd.                                     2014
                     Shenzhen Chuyuan Investment and                              November
                                                         Director                                to date
                     Development Company Ltd.                                     2014



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

158
          Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                             Date of            Date of
    Name       Name of company                    Position
                                                                           Appointment        Termination

               Hebei Port Group (Tianjin)
               Investment Management Co., Ltd.    Chairman of the board
                                                                           October 2020     to date
MA Yunchun     (河北港口集團（天津）投資管理                    of directors
(馬蘊春)          有限公司)
               Hebei Port Group Shanghai          Chairman of the board
                                                                           January 2016     to date
               Investment Management Company      of directors

ZHANG Zhen     Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers
                                                  Supervisor               May 2020         to date
(張震)           Co., Ltd.

               Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset            Director of securities   December
                                                                                            to date
               Management Group Co., Ltd.         investment department    2018

               Shenzhen Huaqiang Dingxin
                                                  Director                 January 2015     to date
ZOU Qun (鄒群)   Investment Co., Ltd.

               Guangdong Huaqiang Property
               Co., Ltd.                          Director                 January 2008     to date
               (廣東華強置業有限公司)
               CMS Asset Management               Director                 July 2019        to date

               China Merchants Futures            Director                 May 2019         to date
HE Min
(何敏)           CMS Zhiyuan                        Director                 May 2019         to date

               Bosera Asset Management Co.,       Chairman of
                                                                           April 2019       to date
               Limited                            Supervisory Committee

               RAYITEK HI-TECH Film Company
               Ltd., Shenzhen
                                                  Independent director     May 2020         to date
               (深圳瑞華泰薄膜科技股份
SHEN Weihua    有限公司)
(沈衛華)          Shenzhen New Industries
               Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd.
                                                  Independent director     June 2020        to date
               (深圳市新產業生物醫學工程股份
               有限公司)
                                                  Chairman of the board
               CMS Zhiyuan                                                 January 2019     to date
                                                  of directors

                                                  Chairman of the board
               CMS Asset Management                                        March 2019       to date
DENG Xiaoli                                       of directors
(鄧曉力)                                             Vice chairman of the     November
               China Merchants Fund                                                         April 2020
                                                  board of directors       2013

                                                                           November
               China Merchants Fund               Director                                  April 2020
                                                                           2006




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         159
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                  Date of         Date of
      Name           Name of company                    Position
                                                                                Appointment     Termination

                                                        Chairman of the board
                     China Merchants Futures                                    March 2019     to date
                                                        of directors

 LI Zongjun          E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd        Director                January 2019   to date
 (李宗軍)
                     Qingdao Assets Management
                                                        Vice chairman of the    December
                     Co., Ltd.                                                                 to date
                                                        board of directors      2018
                     (青島市資產管理有限公司)
                     CMS Investment                     Executive director      January 2019   to date

                                                        Chairman of the         September
                     China Merchants Fund                                                      April 2020
 ZHAO Bin (趙斌)                                          supervisory committee   2017

                                                        Chief compliance
                     CMS Asset Management                                       January 2018   January 2021
                                                        officer

 WU Guangyan                                            Chairman of the board   December
                     China Merchants Securities                                                to date
 (吳光焰)                                                  of directors            2018

                     China Reform Holdings              Deputy general          December
                                                                                               to date
                     Corporation Ltd.                   manager                 2019

                     China Reform (Group) Finance
                                                        Chairman of the board
                     Co., Ltd.                                                  March 2020     to date
                                                        of directors
                     (國新集團財務有限責任公司)
 FANG Xiaobing
 (房小兵)               China Reform Capital Co., Ltd.
                                                        Executive director      March 2020     to date
                     (國新資本有限公司)
                     CNIC Corporation Limited           Supervisor              April 2020     to date

                     Yellow River Property & Casualty
                                                        Supervisor              August 2017    to date
                     Insurance Co., Ltd.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

160
          Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                            Date of            Date of
    Name          Name of company                     Position
                                                                          Appointment        Termination

                  Shenzhen Huaqiang Holdings
                                                      Vice president      August 2014      to date
                  Limited

                  Shenzhen Huaqiang Industry Co.,
                                                      Director            June 2012        to date
                  Ltd.

                  Shenzhen Huaqiang Electronic
                                                      Director            April 2013       to date
                  Commerce Co., Ltd.

                  Shenzhen Huaqiang Group
                  Finance Limited                     Director            May 2012         to date
                  (深圳華強集團財務有限公司)
                  Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset             Director, general
                                                                          June 2018        to date
                  Management Group Co., Ltd.          manager
ZHANG Zehong
(張澤宏)             Shenzhen Qianhai Huaqiang
                  Finance Holding Limited             Director, general   September
                                                                                           to date
                  (深圳前海華強金融控股                         manager             2017
                  有限公司)
                  Huaqiang Venture Capital Co., Ltd
                                                      Director            May 2017         to date
                  (華強創業投資有限責任公司)
                  Shenzhen Huaqiang Supply Chain
                                                      Director            June 1994        to date
                  Management Co., Ltd.

                  Fantawild Holdings Inc              Supervisor          April 2016       to date

                  Tami Intelligent Technology
                  (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                 Director            October 2016     to date
                  (塔米智能科技（北京）有限公司)

XIONG Zhigang                                         Director, general   December
                  CMS Asset Management                                                     to date
(熊志鋼)                                                 manager             2019

Statement of
positions in                                                     Nil
other companies




                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                      161
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



III. Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

 Decision-making procedures of remuneration of   Non-executive directors and external supervisors of
 Directors, Supervisors and senior management    the Company shall not collect remuneration from
                                                 the Company, and independent non-executive
                                                 directors shall receive the allowance of independent
                                                 directors according to the resolutions of the
                                                 Company’s shareholders’ general meeting. The
                                                 Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considers
                                                 and reviews the remuneration policy, standard
                                                 and proposal for the Directors, chairman of the
                                                 Supervisory Committee and senior management
                                                 who worked full time for the Company, and makes
                                                 recommendations to the Board on the formulation
                                                 of official and transparent procedures for
                                                 determining the remuneration policy. Remuneration
                                                 of the Directors, chairman of the Supervisory
                                                 Committee and senior management who worked
                                                 full time for the Company shall be considered and
                                                 determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal
                                                 Committee under the Board.

 Basis for determination of remuneration of      Remuneration of the Directors, chairman of the
 Directors, Supervisors and senior management    Supervisory Committee and senior management
                                                 who worked full time for the Company shall be
                                                 determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal
                                                 Committee under the Board with reference to the
                                                 principal duties of relevant managerial positions,
                                                 the results of performance assessment as well as the
                                                 remuneration level in the market, according to the
                                                 Company’s Scheme of Management Methods of the
                                                 Remuneration of Senior Management.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

162
         Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




Remuneration paid to Directors, Supervisors and      In addition to the annual renumeration as
senior management                                    determined under Management Method of the
                                                     Renumeration of Senior Management Staff (《 高
                                                     級管理人員薪酬管理辦法》), the Middle and Long
                                                     term Cash Retain Plan for Core Employees of the
                                                     Company (《核心員工中長期現金保留計劃方案》) has
                                                     been authorized by the Remuneration and Appraisal
                                                     Committee of the Board for implementation in
                                                     2020, pursuant to which, the incentive payment
                                                     for our core employees would be determined
                                                     based on the performance appraisal results of the
                                                     Company and individuals and granted instalments.
                                                     Incentive payments (before tax) made during the
                                                     Reporting Period in respect of 2019 were as follows:
                                                     RMB3.6791 million for HUO Da, RMB3.6791
                                                     million for XIONG Jiantao, RMB2.9716 million for
                                                     ZHOU Linda Lei, RMB2.81 million for DENG Xiaoli,
                                                     RMB2.6695 million for LI Zongjun, RMB2.81 million
                                                     for WU Huifeng, RMB2.9505 million for ZHAO Bin,
                                                     RMB2.81 million for XIE Jijun, RMB2.9505 million
                                                     for WU Guangyan, RMB2.81 million for HU Yu,
                                                     RMB1.5292 million for YIN Hongyan, RMB0.6884
                                                     million for HU Min, and RMB1.2744 million for
                                                     XIONG Zhigang.

Aggregate remuneration actually paid to all the      Remunerations before tax received by Directors,
Directors, Supervisors and senior management as of   Supervisors and senior management from the
the end of the Reporting Period                      Company during the Reporting Period totaled to
                                                     RMB81.3735 million.




                                                                                        2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                     163
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



IV. Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

 Name                   Position                     Change          Date of Change       Reason

                                                                                          Elected at the
                        Shareholder Representative
 ZHANG Zhen (張震)                                     Elected         October 30, 2020     shareholders’
                        Supervisor
                                                                                          meeting

                                                                                          Elected at the
                        Shareholder Representative
 ZOU Qun (鄒群)                                        Elected         October 30, 2020     shareholders’
                        Supervisor
                                                                                          meeting

                                                                                          Elected at
 SHEN Weihua            Employee Representative                                           the employee
                                                     Elected         October 30, 2020
 (沈衛華)                  Supervisor                                                        representatives’
                                                                                          meeting

                                                                                          Change of session
 FANG Xiaobing          Shareholder Representative
                                                     Resigned        October 30, 2020     of the Board of
 (房小兵)                  Supervisor
                                                                                          Supervisors

                                                                                          Change of session
 ZHANG Zehong           Shareholder Representative
                                                     Resigned        October 30, 2020     of the Board of
 (張澤宏)                  Supervisor
                                                                                          Supervisors

                                                                                          Change of session
 XIONG Zhigang          Employee Representative
                                                     Resigned        October 30, 2020     of the Board of
 (熊志鋼)                  Supervisor
                                                                                          Supervisors

     The term of the 6th session of Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee of the Company expired
during the Reporting Period. The Company convened the second extraordinary general meeting on October
30, 2020 to elect new members of the Board and Supervisory Committee, and three employee representative
Supervisors were also elected at our employee representative conference held in the same month. For details,
please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the website of Hong Kong Stock
Exchange on October 13 and October 30, 2020.


V. Major Changes in Respect of Directors and Supervisors

     For details of the changes in appointment of Directors and Supervisors of the Company from 2020 to
the disclosure date of this report, please see “II. Positions of Incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management and Those Resigned during the Reporting Period” in this chapter.
      Save as disclosed above, before the disclosure date of this report, there was no other material change in
relation to the Directors and Supervisors that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B of the Hong Kong
Listing Rules.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

164
           Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



VI. Compositions of Special Committees under the Board

     The Board of the Company has currently set up five special committees, namely the Strategy Committee,
the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the
Nomination Committee. The composition of each of the committee is as follows:
     (1)   Strategy Committee comprises of 7 members: HUO Da, XIONG Xianliang, XIONG Jiantao, GAO
           Hong (appointed in August 2020), WANG Daxiong, WANG Wen, XIANG Hua, of which, HUO Da
           acts as the convener.
     (2)   Risk Management Committee comprises of 7 members: SU Min, SU Jian, XIONG Jiantao, PENG Lei,
           WANG Daxiong, WANG Wen, XIANG Hua, of which, SU Min acts as the convener.
     (3)   Audit Committee comprises of 5 members: XIAO Houfa, SU Jian, HUANG Jian, HU Honggao,
           WONG Ti (resigned in June 2019, and continued to perform his duties before a new independent
           director took office), of which, XIAO Houfa acts as the convener.
     (4)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee comprises of 5 members: XIANG Hua, SU Min, PENG Lei,
           XIONG Wei, WONG Ti (resigned in June 2019, and continued to perform his duties before a new
           independent director took office), of which, XIANG Hua acts as the convener.
     (5)   Nomination Committee comprises of 5 members: XIONG Wei, HUO Da (appointed in August 2020),
           PENG Lei, XIAO Houfa, HU Honggao, of which, XIONG Wei acts as the convener.




                                                                                        2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                     165
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



VII. Interests and Short Positions of the Directors, Supervisors and Chief
     Executives in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company
     and Its Associated Corporations

      To the best knowledge of the Directors after having made reasonable enquiries, the interests and short
positions of the directors and chief executives in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company as of the
authorisation date for issue of this report are as follows:

                                                                                          Percentage       Percentage     Long/short
                                                                                          to the total     to the total    positions/
    Directors/                                    Type of    Nature of     Number of
                            Position                                                           issued         issued A      shares
   Supervisors                                     shares     interest    shares held
                                                                                        shares of the    Shares of the     available
                                                                                        Company (%)      Company (%)      for lending

                  Chairman of the Board of                   Beneficial
 HUO Da (霍達)                                      A Shares                   531,210             0.01             0.01    Long
                  Directors, Executive Director              owners

                  Executive Director, President
 XIONG Jiantao                                               Beneficial
                  and Chief Information           A Shares                   531,210             0.01             0.01    Long
 (熊劍濤)                                                       owners
                  Officer

 ZHOU Linda Lei   Chairman of the Supervisory                Beneficial
                                                  A Shares                   429,054             0.00             0.01    Long
 (周語菡)            Committee                                  owners

 YIN Hongyan      Employee representative                    Beneficial
                                                  A Shares                   204,311             0.00             0.00    Long
 (尹虹豔)            supervisor                                 owners

                  Employee representative                    Beneficial
 HE Min (何敏)                                      A Shares                   102,156             0.00             0.00    Long
                  supervisor                                 owners

 XIONG Zhigang    Employee representative                    Beneficial
                                                  A Shares                   204,311             0.00             0.00    Long
 (熊志鋼)            supervisor                                 owners




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

166
            Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



VIII. Employees of the Parent Company and Major Subsidiaries

(I)   Employees


       Number of employees of parent company                                          8,478

       Number of employees of major subsidiaries                                        752

       Total number of employees                                                      9,230

       Number of resigned and retired employees with expenses borne
                                                                                          58
       by the parent company and major subsidiaries

                                      Classification by business function

       Business function                                                            Number

       Management and administration                                                    324

       Securities and futures brokerage                                               6,550

       Investment banking                                                               821

       Investment management                                                            216

       Investment and trading                                                           176

       Research                                                                         149

       Legal and compliance, risk management and internal audit                         160

       IT                                                                               536

       Finance and accounting                                                           161

       Others                                                                           137

       Total                                                                          9,230

                                   Classification by education background

       Education background                                                         Number

       Doctor                                                                             77

       Master                                                                         3,074

       Bachelor                                                                       4,751

       Below bachelor’s degree                                                        1,328

       Total                                                                          9,230




                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                         167
Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



(II)   Remuneration policy

      The general remuneration policy of the Company is formulated by the Board mainly based on the
remuneration of benchmark companies as well as the performance of major indicators of the Company.
The management is responsible for allocating the total remuneration according to the market-oriented and
performance-based principles, which shall consist of competitive fixed remuneration determined based on
the market remuneration data provided by professional management consulting company and the ranking of
the Company among its major competitors, and bonus determined at the discretion of the Chairman and the
President mainly according to the achievement of key performance indicators of each department, strategic
tasks, and objectives in terms of innovation and synergy as well as the market rate.


(III) Training

     The Company plans and implements such training programs as classified based on different levels
and categories with specific focus by adherence to its strategic planning and annual human resources
management objectives. A series of training programs tailored for particular objectives have been carried
out to respond to the strategic tasks in the field of technology advancement, digital transformation and
process optimization. A mobile learning platform has been set up to diversify training programs throughout
the year through online, offline and blended learning methods, ensuring that the training needs necessary
for employees’ growth and urgently needed for business development are met and thereby promoting the
Company’s core competitiveness.
       1.   For new employees, we establish the mode of “independent online learning + concentrated offline
            training + practice-based post learning” to help them efficiently integrate into us as a whole,
            master the necessary job skills, establish awareness of compliance and risk management, and
            strengthen their professional ethics.
       2.   For existing employees, we conduct various types of business training relating to important laws
            and regulations, business practical skills and others to consolidate business fundamentals and
            strengthen professional securities capabilities. In addition, we conduct general training to enhance
            employees’ career quality and capability, in relation to, among others, personal quality, office skills,
            team management, etc.
       3.   For our management, we arrange special training relating to macro economy, reform and
            innovation, strategy execution and digital transformation, expecting to reinforce their strategic
            thoughts and leadership.


(IV) Outsourced services

     Some departments and branches of the headquarter of the Company outsource certain works which
are not essential, non-business and supporting in nature. We enter into relevant service contracts with
outsourcers and regulate service quality in compliance with related national laws and regulations, such as the
Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

168
           Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



IX. Others

     As of December 31, 2020, the Company entered into the securities agency contracts with 1,650 agents.
The Company adopted categorized and classified management on its agents. In respect of categorized
management, the headquarters of the Company is responsible for formulating centralized systems and
regulations on the recruitment, remuneration, performance assessment, training, compliance management
and routine code of conduct, while branch companies and branches shall determine their respective systems
on recruitment, profit sharing commission rate, training and assessment of the marketing personnel under
the framework formulated by the Company. In respect of classified management, the Company classifies
its marketing personnel into different grades according to their sales performance, education background,
professional qualifications, compliance with laws and regulations and general qualifications. Marketing
personnel are assigned with different remuneration package and scope of business according to their grades.
In particular, general marketing staff is mainly responsible for soliciting new customers, while those with
exceptional performance and higher qualifications is responsible for serving customers with a specific level of
assets.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          169
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
         REPORT
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report


I.    Overview of Corporate Governance

      The Company, being a company listed in Hong Kong and the PRC, manages its operation in strict
compliance with the laws, regulations and regulative documents of the, domestic and overseas, places
where its shares are listed, and strives to protect and enhance its market presence. The Company continues
to improve its corporate governance structure in compliance with the Company Law, Securities Law and
the regulations and requirements of the CSRC, SFC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The corporate
governance of the Company complies with the applicable requirements of the laws and regulations. The
Company has established a corporate governance structure consisting of the shareholders’ general meeting,
the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the management with separate duties and effective checks and
balances in order to maintain regulated corporate governance and operation. The corporate governance
structure is sound and does not deviate from relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities from where
the Company’s shares are listed.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly complied with Corporate Governance Code under
Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and Corporate Governance Report (hereinafter referred to as
the “Code and Report”). The Company satisfied all provisions and substantially all the recommended best
practices under the Code and Report.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company held, five shareholders’ general meetings to consider 31
resolutions (double counting for same matters in class shareholders’ meeting and non-class shareholders’
meeting), among which, one A share class meeting was held to consider two resolutions and one H share class
meeting was held to consider two resolutions; 15 Board meetings to consider 56 resolutions and review 9
reports; 17 meetings of committees under the Board to consider 38 resolutions and review 14 reports; as well
as 7 meetings of the Supervisory Committee to consider 18 resolutions and review 4 reports.


(I)   Shareholders and shareholders’ general meetings

      The shareholders’ general meeting is the highest institution of authority of the Company which allows
shareholders to exercise their powers. The Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general meetings in
strict compliance with the relevant rules, including the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures
for Shareholders’ General Meetings to ensure all the shareholders, especially the minority shareholders, are
treated fairly to fully exercise their rights.
     The de facto controller of the Company exercises its rights according to the applicable laws, regulations
and the Articles of Association, and does not interfere directly or indirectly in the decision-making or
operating activities of the Company beyond the authority of the shareholders’ general meeting, occupy the
funds of the Company or request the provision of any guarantee from the Company in favour of itself or
other parties. The controlling shareholder of the Company is not involved in the personnel, assets, finance,
organisations and business of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

172
                                                     Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Directors and the Board

      The appointment and replacement of Directors of the Company are in strict compliance with the
Articles of Association, and the number of Directors and composition of the Board fulfil the requirement
of laws and regulations. The Board refines its rules of procedures from time to time and the convention,
holding and voting procedures of the Board meetings are legal and effective. The Board has set up five
committees, including the Strategy Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the Nomination Committee, and formulated rules, clear division
of authorities of each committee, decision procedures and rules of procedures. The Company has set up a
work system of independent directors, which can protect the interests of the Company and shareholders
independently and objectively and ensure effective checks and balances during the decision-making process
of the Board. In addition, the Company has set up a system of secretary to the Board. The Secretary to the
Board is responsible for the preparation of shareholders’ general meetings, Board meetings and meetings of
committees under the Board, the filing of minutes and documents of the meetings, information disclosure and
management of investor relations.
     The Company believes the diversified composition of the Board is the key factor in achieving its strategic
targets and sustainable development, and has formulated the Policy of Diversified Composition of the Board
(《董事會成員多元化政策》) which provides that the composition of the Board shall be diversified in terms of
gender, age, culture and education background, professional experiences, skill, knowledge and term of office.
The nomination of the members of the Board shall be carried out in accordance with the principle of merit,
and shall fully consider the diversity of the composition of the Board. The Nomination Committee reports
the diversity of the composition of the Board in each annual report. It is also responsible for supervising the
implementation of the Policy of Diversified Composition of the Board, and review the same when necessary to
ensure its effectiveness. The Nomination Committee will discuss any necessary amendments to the Policy of
Diversified Composition of the Board and the proposed amendments will be considered and approved by the
Board.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          173
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



1.    Composition of the Board

      The Company has a board of directors accountable to the shareholders’ general meeting. According
to the Articles of Association, the Board consists of 15 directors. During the Reporting Period, re-election of
the Board has taken place. As of the date of this report, the Board of the Company consists of 15 directors,
two of whom are executive Directors, eight of whom are non-executive Directors and five of whom are
independent non-executive Directors (among whom, Mr. WONG Ti (汪棣), an independent non-executive
Director, has resigned on June 10, 2019, and continued to perform his duties until a new independent non-
executive director be appointed in the general meeting of the Company). The Company attaches great
importance to Board diversity. The Board of the Company consists of two female members. In terms of
academic qualifications, there are eight members with a master’s degree and three members with a doctorate
degree. In terms of professions, the executive Directors have long been engaged in the securities industry
and have extensive management experience and professional capabilities. The non-executive Directors have
held important positions in companies in the financial, transportation, insurance and other industries. The
independent non-executive Directors have extensive experience in finance, economics, auditing, law and
other fields, thus can provide professional advice to the Company in respect of different fields. The Directors
are elected at the shareholders’ general meetings and served for a term of three years. Directors are eligible
for re-elections upon the expiry of their terms of office. Independent non-executive Directors shall not hold
office for more than six consecutive years. Please see “Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations” in
“Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” of this report for the composition of
the Board and the biographies of the Directors of the Company.
     The Board complies the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that the board of directors shall
comprise at least three independent non-executive directors, representing at least one-third of the board of
directors. The qualifications of the five independent non-executive Directors of the Company fully comply
with the requirements under Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10(A) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. In addition,
the Company has received annual confirmation letters from each of the independent non-executive Directors
prepared according to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with regard to their independence. Therefore,
the Company confirms that all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have fulfilled the
independence requirement under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

174
                                                     Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



2.   Duties and responsibilities of the Board

      The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and shall be accountable to the shareholders’
general meeting. According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall exercise the following major
functions and powers: to convene shareholders’ general meetings and to report to the shareholders’ general
meetings; to implement the resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings; to determine business
operation plans and investment plans of the Company; to formulate annual preliminary and final financial
budgets of the Company; to formulate the profit distribution plans and plans for recovery of losses of the
Company; to formulate proposals of the Company regarding increase or reduction of the registered capital,
issuance of bonds or other securities and listing; to formulate plans for any substantial acquisition by the
Company, repurchase of shares or merger, division, dissolution and change of form of the Company; to
determine the repurchase of the Company’s share in accordance with the circumstances stated in Article
31(III),(V) and (VI) of the Articles of Association; to decide on matters relating to the Company’s external
investments, acquisitions or disposal of assets, mortgage of assets, external guarantees, entrusted wealth
management and connected/related party transactions as authorized by the shareholders’ general meetings;
to decide on the establishment of the Company’s internal management structure; to appoint or dismiss the
Company’s general manager and secretary to the Board; based on the nominations of general manager,
to appoint or dismiss deputy general manager, Chief Finance Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk
Officer, Chief Information Officer and other senior management and to determine their remuneration,
rewards and penalties; to formulate the basic management policies of the Company; to formulate proposals
for any amendments to the Articles of Association; to manage the disclosure of information of the Company;
to propose to the shareholders’ general meetings the adjustment of the size and composition of the Board;
to propose to the shareholders’ general meetings the appointment or change of the accounting firm acting
as the auditors of the Company; to listen to the work report of the general manager of the Company and
examine on the general manager’s work; to determine the compliance management objectives of the
Company and assume responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management; to examine and
approve the basic system of compliance management; to examine and approve the annual compliance report;
to ensure the independence of the Chief Compliance Officer, establish a direct communication mechanism
with the Chief Compliance Officer and safeguard the smooth reporting between the Chief Compliance
Officer and the regulatory authority; to evaluate the effectiveness of compliance management and urge to
solve the problems existing in compliance management; to assume the ultimate responsibility for overall
risk management, promote the construction of risk culture, review and approve the basic system of overall
risk management, risk appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company, review regular risk
assessment report of the Company, and establish a direct communication mechanism with the Chief Risk
Officer. The Board may authorize its risk management related professional committees to perform part of
its overall risk management responsibilities; to review information technology management objectives of
the Company and assume the responsibility for the effectiveness of information technology management;
to review the information technology strategy and ensure it is consistent with the growth strategy, risk
management strategy and capital strength of the Company; to establish a manpower and capital guarantee
plan for information technology; to evaluate the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the annual information
technology management work; other duties and powers granted by the laws, administrative rules,
departmental regulations and the Articles of Association.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          175
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

       The appointment and replacement of Supervisors of the Company are in strict compliance with the
Articles of Association, and the number of Supervisors and composition of the Supervisory Committee
fulfils the requirement of laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee constantly improves its Rules of
Procedure, and the convening, holding and voting procedures of the Supervisory Committee are legal and
effective. The Supervisory Committee shall report to the shareholders’ general meeting and is accountable
to all shareholders. It is responsible for maintaining effective supervision on the finance of the Company as
well as the compliance of duty performance of the Board and management. The Supervisory Committee shall
perform their duties, including attending the meetings of the Supervisory Committee, observing the meetings
of the Board, reporting their work at the shareholders’ general meeting and submitting the report of the
Supervisory Committee, in accordance with the relevant requirements.
     The Supervisory Committee consists of nine Supervisors, including six shareholder representative
Supervisors and three employee representative Supervisors. During the Reporting Period, re-election of
Supervisory Committee has taken place. The shareholder representative Supervisors and the employee
representative Supervisors are democratically elected at the shareholders’ general meetings and by employee
representatives, respectively, for a term of three years and are eligible for re-election upon expiry of their
terms of office. For details of the composition of the Supervisory Committee and the biographies of the
Supervisors, see “Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations” in “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and Employees” of this report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

176
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(IV) Senior management

     The Company strictly complies with the Articles of Association in relation to the appointment and
replacement of senior management. The senior management of the Company shall be appointed based on
the procedures in compliance with the Company Law and Articles of Association. The general manager of
the Company shall be accountable to the Board. The Strategy Execution Committee, the Risk Management
Committee, the IT Management Committee, the Innovative Development Committee, the Investment Banking
Business Committee, Synergy Committee and the Confidentiality Committee set up under the Operating
Management of the Company to enhance the professionalism, compliance and scientificity of the decision-
making ability of the management.
      According to the Articles of Association, the Operating Management consists of the general manager,
the deputy general managers, the Secretary to the Board, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Compliance
Officer, the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Information Officer and other personnel approved by the resolutions
of the Board as senior management. The general manager is in charge of the business management, and
shall be accountable to the Board and perform the following duties: to be in charge of the operation and
management of the Company, organize the execution of the resolutions of the Board and report his/her work
to the Board; to prepare and implement the annual operation plan and investment plan of the Company; to
formulate the internal management structure of the Company; to formulate the basic management system of
the Company; to formulate rules and regulations for the Company; to propose to the Board the appointment
or dismissal of the deputy general managers, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk
Officer, the Chief Information Officer and other senior management (other than the Secretary to the Board);
to appoint or dismiss management members other than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the
Board; to perform other duties delegated by the Articles of Association or the Board.


(V) Chairman and general manager

      For the purpose of balancing power and authority, the roles of Chairman and general manager of the
Company shall be separated to enhance the independence of their duties, accountability, balanced division
of power and authority, and to fully exercise the decision makers’ extensive supervision and control over
the executive officers. There is a clear division between the roles of Chairman and the general manager.
According to the Articles of Association, the Chairman shall be the legal representative of the Company who
is responsible for managing the operation of the Board to ensure that the Directors act in the best interests
of the Company. The Chairman shall also ensure the effectiveness and the performance of the duties of
the Board, and that the Board discusses all significant and appropriate matters such that the Directors can
obtain accurate, timely and clear information. The general manager shall be in charge of the daily work of
the Company, observe Board meetings, report to the Board, and exercise his power pursuant to the scope of
authorization of the general manager.


(VI) Liability insurances for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company

     As authorized in the sixth extraordinary general meeting of the Company for 2015, the Company has
maintained the liability insurance for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other relevant
personnel. Insurance coverage has been provided for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
Company against potential liabilities to reasonably avoid management and legal risks faced by the Directors,
Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to facilitate the full discharge of duties by the
Directors, Supervisors and senior management.


                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         177
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(VII) Party Committee

     The Company has established a Party Committee. The Party Committee shall perform the leadership
functions to provide directions, manage overall situations and ensure implementation. The Party Committee
consists of one secretary, one vice secretary and other several members. The chairman of the Board
of Directors shall serve as the Party Committee secretary. Eligible Party Committee members may be
appointed as members of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the management team
of the Company through legal procedures, while eligible Party members from the Board of Directors, the
Supervisory Committee and the management team of the Company may be appointed as members of the
Party Committee pursuant to relevant requirements and procedures. The Company has also established a
Discipline Inspection Commission in accordance with relevant regulations. The Company has established
the working organs of the Party, equipped them with sufficient staff to deal with Party affairs and provided
them with sufficient funds to operate the Party organization. The organic combination between the Party’s
leadership and the governance of the Company has promoted the scientific decision-making and high-quality
development of the Company.


(VIII) Information disclosure and transparency

      The Company has formulated several information disclosure systems, including Information Disclosure
System (《信息披露制度》), Material Information Internal Report System (《重大信息內部報告制度》),
Confidentiality System of Inside Information (《內幕信息保密制度》), Registration System for Persons with
Inside Information (《內幕信息知情人登記制度》), Investor Relations Management System (《投資者關係
管理制度》), Accountability System for Major Mistakes Disclosed in Annual Reports (《年報信息披露重大
差錯責任追究制度》), Annual Report Work System for the Independent Directors (《獨立董事年報工作制
度》) and Annual Report Work Procedures for the Audit Committee Under the Board (《董事會審計委員
會年報工作規程》). The Secretary to the Board is responsible for the information disclosure and investor
relations. The Company discloses information truthfully, accurately, completely and promptly and ensures all
shareholders can have equal opportunities for obtaining information in accordance with the requirements
of the laws, regulations and the Articles of Association. The Company discloses the information of the
substantial shareholders and the changes in shareholding according to the related requirements. Other than
the information disclosure channels required by the laws, the Company mainly communicates with investors
by phone, email, internet platform, reception of visitors and participating in investor meetings.


(IX) Stakeholders

     The Company fully respects and protects the rights and interests of the creditors, customers, employees
and other stakeholders. Efforts are also made to ensure the sustainable and healthy development of the
Company in pursuit of a win-win situation between the Company and its stakeholders as well as to maximise
the effectiveness of its social contribution.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

178
                                                      Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



II.   Shareholders’ General Meetings

                                                              Websites
                                                            designated for                   Disclosure date
                 Meeting                 Date of meeting                     Poll Results
                                                            the disclosure                   of resolutions
                                                            of resolutions

                                                            Hong Kong
      First 2020 Extraordinary General
                                         January 15, 2020   Stock Exchange   Passed         January 15, 2020
      Meeting
                                                            website

                                                            Hong Kong
      2019 Annual General Meeting         May 19, 2020      Stock Exchange   Passed         May 19, 2020
                                                            website

      First 2020 A shareholders class
                                          May 19, 2020      SSE website      Passed         May 20, 2020
      meeting

                                                            Hong Kong
      First 2020 H shareholders class
                                          May 19, 2020      Stock Exchange   Passed         May 19, 2020
      meeting
                                                            website

                                                            Hong Kong
      Second 2020 Extraordinary
                                         October 30, 2020   Stock Exchange   Passed         October 30, 2020
      General Meeting
                                                            website




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         179
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



III. Duty Performance of Directors

(I)       Attendance of Directors at Board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings


                                                                                                                                                 Attendance of
                                                                                  Attendance of Board meeting                                    shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                general meeting
                                Whether an
      Name of Director         independent                                                                                      Whether not
                                               Number of                         Attendance                                                      Attendance of
                                 Director                                                                                       attending in
                                             Board meetings   Attendance in        through       Attendance by      Absence                      shareholders’
                                                                                                                               person for two
                                                requiring     person (times)   correspondence    proxy (times)      (times)                     general meeting
                                                                                                                                consecutive
                                               attendance                           (times)                                                         (times)
                                                                                                                                  meetings

 HUO Da (霍達)             No                            15                14                9                    1         0   No                            5

 SU Jian (粟健)            No                            15                13              15                     2         0   Yes                           4

 XIONG Xianliang
                         No                            15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5
 (熊賢良)

 SU Min (蘇敏)             No                            15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5

 XIONG Jiantao
                         No                            15                15                9                    0         0   No                            5
 (熊劍濤)

 PENG Lei (彭磊)           No                            15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5

 GAO Hong (高宏)           No                            15                15              15                     0         0   No                            4

 HUANG Jian (黃堅)         No                            15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5

 WANG Daxiong
                         No                            15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5
 (王大雄)

 WANG Wen (王文)           No                            15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5

 XIANG Hua (向華)          Yes                           15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5

 XIAO Houfa (肖厚發)        Yes                           15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5

 XIONG Wei (熊偉)          Yes                           15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5

 HU Honggao
                         Yes                           15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5
 (胡鴻高)

 WONG Ti (汪棣)            Yes                           15                15              15                     0         0   No                            5




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

180
                                                                   Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



        Explanation of not attending in person for two consecutive Board meetings
     SU Jian (粟健) (Director) appointed SU Min (蘇敏) (Director) to attend and vote on his behalf for two
consecutive Board meetings due to official affairs.

 Number of Board meetings convened in the year                                                                                                    15

 Of which: number of onsite meetings                                                                                                                0

 Number of meetings convened by way of correspondence                                                                                               9

 Number of meetings convened onsite and by way of correspondence                                                                                    6



(II)    Convening of Board meetings


                                    Date of                                                                                               Voting
  No.          Meeting                                                               Resolutions
                                    Meeting                                                                                               results

                                                  Resolutions regarding the working report of the Board for 2019; work report
                                                  of the Audit Committee under the Board for 2019; operational report of the
                                                  Company for 2019; 2019 annual report of the Company; 2019 final financial
                                                  report of the Company; annual profit distribution of the Company for 2019;
                                                  2019 Corporate Social Responsibility Report and Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report of the Company; internal control assessment report of the
                                                  Company for 2019; internal control audit report of the Company for 2019;
                                                  report on the deposit and usage of proceeds from the issuance of H Shares of
                                                  the Company in 2019; compliance report of the Company for 2019; amendments
                                                  to the “Compliance Management System of China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                  Ltd.”; amendments to the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities
                                                  Co., Ltd.; amendments to the “Rules of Procedures for the Shareholders’ General
          29th meeting of the                     Meetings of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.”; amendments to the “Rules
   1      sixth session of the   March 27, 2020   of Procedures for Board meetings of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.”;             Passed
          Board                                   financial budget report of the Company for 2020; appointment of auditing firm
                                                  of the Company for 2020; budget for the proprietary investment of the Company
                                                  for 2020; contemplated ordinary related party transactions of the Company
                                                  for 2020; authentication report on related party transactions of the Company
                                                  for 2019; general mandates for further issuances of H Shares of the Company;
                                                  general mandates for issuances of debt financing instruments of the Company;
                                                  provision of guarantee by China Merchants Securities International Company
                                                  Limited in favour of its wholly-owned subsidiaries; extension of the validity of the
                                                  Resolution in respect of the Public Offering of Rights Issue for 2019; proposing
                                                  to the shareholders’ general meeting to authorize the Board to handle all matters
                                                  relating to Rights Issue; determination of the date of the shareholders’ general
                                                  meeting; 2020-2022 information technology development strategy of the
                                                  Company




                                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              181
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




                                  Date of                                                                                                Voting
  No.        Meeting                                                                Resolutions
                                  Meeting                                                                                                results

                                                 Resolutions regarding the increase of capital contribution to China Merchants
        30th meeting of the                      Securities Investment Co., Ltd (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company); use
   2    sixth session of the   April 17, 2020    of proceeds from last share issuance; authority of two directors to execute the        Passed
        Board                                    prospectus related to the rights issue and to handle registration and filing related
                                                 issues on behalf of the Company

        31th meeting of the
   3    sixth session of the   April 28, 2020    First quarterly report of the Company for 2020                                         Passed
        Board

        32th meeting of the
   4    sixth session of the   May 18, 2020      Money laundering risk management report of the Company for 2019                        Passed
        Board

        33th meeting of the                      Resolutions regarding the pricing of the public offering of rights issue of the
   5    sixth session of the   July 3, 2020      Company; prospectus related to H shares rights issue and other documents, and          Passed
        Board                                    arrangements in relation to H shares rights issue

        34th meeting of the
                                                 Resolutions regarding the election for members of special committees under the
   6    sixth session of the   August 25, 2020                                                                                          Passed
                                                 sixth session of the Board
        Board

                                                 Resolution regarding the interim profit distribution of the Company for 2020;
                                                 2020 interim operational report of the Company; 2020 interim report of
        35th meeting of the
                                                 the Company and its summary; amendments to Administrative Procurement
   7    sixth session of the   August 28, 2020                                                                                          Passed
                                                 Framework Agreement between the Company and China Merchants Group;
        Board
                                                 consideration of the internal audit system of China Merchants Securities;
                                                 convening of the Second 2020 Extraordinary General Meeting

        36th meeting of the
                               September 7,      Resolution regarding the replacement of pre-invested self-raised funds by funds
   8    sixth session of the                                                                                                            Passed
                               2020              raised by the rights offering
        Board

                                                 Resolution regarding the nomination of non-independent director candidates of
        37th meeting of the                      the seventh session of the Board of the Company; the nomination of independent
                               September 28,
   9    sixth session of the                     director candidates of the seventh session of the Board of the Company; the            Passed
                               2020
        Board                                    increase of capital contribution to China Merchants Securities International
                                                 Company Limited




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

182
                                                              Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




                                  Date of                                                                                         Voting
No.         Meeting                                                            Resolutions
                                  Meeting                                                                                         results

      38th meeting of the
                               October 23,    Resolution regarding the increase of capital contribution to China Merchants
10    sixth session of the                                                                                                       Passed
                               2020           Futures Co., Ltd.
      Board

      39th meeting of the
                               October 29,    Third quarterly report of the Company for 2020; Measures for the Administration
11    sixth session of the                                                                                                       Passed
                               2020           of Clean Practicing of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
      Board

                                              Resolution regarding the election for the Chairman of the seventh session of the
      1st meeting of the
                               October 30,    Board; the election for members of special committees under the seventh session
12    seventh session of the                                                                                                     Passed
                               2020           of the Board; the appointment of the Secretary to the Board; the appointment of
      Board
                                              the Representative of Securities Affairs

      2nd meeting of the                      Resolution regarding the transfer of its 30% interests in Qingdao Asset
                               December 3,
13    seventh session of the                  Management（青島資管）by CMS Investment (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the                Passed
                               2020
      Board                                   Company)

      3rd meeting of the
                               December 14,   Resolution regarding the change of registered capital and the amendments to the
14    seventh session of the                                                                                                     Passed
                               2020           Articles of Association
      Board

                                              The self-inspection report of the implement the principal
      4th meeting of the                      responsibility, improvement the level of governance and achievement high-quality
                               December 30,
15    seventh session of the                  development; 2021 Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and Services     Passed
                               2020
      Board                                   Framework Agreement between the Company and China COSCO Shipping
                                              Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                      183
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Duty performance of independent Directors

      For details of the duty performance of independent Directors of the Company, please see the Annual
Duty Report of Independent Directors of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. for 2020 (《招商證券股份有限
公司獨立董事2020年度述職報告》) published on the SSE website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website
for the same period of this report.


(IV) Others

1.    Directors’ training

      The Company places high emphasis on the continuous training of the Directors, persistently improves
internal workflow and builds up multi-layers information communication system so as to provide information
security for the duty performance of the Directors, and to ensure that the Directors have a proper
understanding of the operation and business of the Company, as well as the duties and responsibilities
as conferred by the CSRC, the Shanghai Securities Exchange, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited,
the Articles of Association and relevant laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, through the
“Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors” (《董監事通訊》), the Directors actively participated in
regular training organized by regulatory authorities and self-regulatory organizations and the business studies
arranged by the Company to keep abreast of the latest policies and regulations, industry dynamics and
the operation of the Company, update their expertise and skills and further enhance their performance of
obligations.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

184
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



   During the Reporting Period, the specific time and content of training attended by the Directors of the
Company are as follows:

    Name              Position                         Time, means and content of the training

                                        He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                        organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
                                        attended the training on comprehensive risk management and
                                        consolidated statement supervision of securities companies in the
 HUO Da       Chairman of the Board,    jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen Securities Association in May 2020;
 (霍達)         Executive Director        joined the semiconductor topic training of “2020 Science and Technology
                                        Masters” organized by the Company and the conference on improving
                                        the quality of listed companies in the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen
                                        Securities Regulatory Bureau in November 2020; read the Monthly
                                        Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                        He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                        organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
 SU Jian                                attended the first and second annual training for directors and supervisors
              Non-executive director
 (粟健)                                   of listed companies within the territory of Beijing in May and June 2020,
                                        respectively; read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
                                        Supervisors

                                        He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                        organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
 XIONG                                  attended the 4th session of 2020 Board and Supervisor Training organized
 Xianliang    Non-executive director    by Beijing Association of Listed Companies in July 2020; joined the
 (熊賢良)                                  conference on improving the quality of listed companies in the jurisdiction
                                        organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in November 2020;
                                        read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                        She had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                        organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
                                        attended the video training on safety production for cadres of China
                                        Merchants Group in June 2020; joined the live webcast course of
                                        “Interpretation of the Key Points of the New Securities Law on Investor
                                        Protection “ organized by the Securities Association of China in October
 SU Min
              Non-executive director    2020; joined the financial business management training of central
 (蘇敏)
                                        enterprises of SASAC and the conference on improving the quality of
                                        listed companies in the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen Securities
                                        Regulatory Bureau in November 2020; participated in the training on
                                        the standardized operation of listed companies and the responsibility of
                                        directors, supervisors and senior management in December 2020; read the
                                        Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              185
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




    Name                 Position                       Time, means and content of the training

                                         He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                         organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
                                         joined the webcast training of “Interpretation of the Key Points of the
 XIONG          Executive Director,      New Securities Law” organized by the Securities Association of China
 Jiantao        President, Chief         in September 2020; joined the semiconductor topic training of “2020
 (熊劍濤)          Information Officer      Science and Technology Masters” organized by the Company and the
                                         conference on improving the quality of listed companies in the jurisdiction
                                         organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in November 2020;
                                         read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                         She had attended the online specialized thematic courses of facilitating
                                         high-quality development of state-owned enterprise held by China
                                         E-learning Academy for Leadership in February 2020; participated in
                                         a series of training on the new securities law organized by Shenzhen
 PENG Lei                                Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020; joined the conference on
                Non-executive director
 (彭磊)                                    improving the quality of listed companies in the jurisdiction organized
                                         by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau and the specialized thematic
                                         of “Brief History of State-owned Enterprises” organized by China
                                         E-learning Academy for Leadership in November 2020; read the Monthly
                                         Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                         He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                         organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020; joined
                                         the 2020 Shenzhen financial leading talents training course organized
                                         by Shenzhen Local Financial Supervision Administration in October 2020;
 GAO Hong
                Non-executive director   joined the financial business management training of central enterprises of
 (高宏)
                                         SASAC and the conference on improving the quality of listed companies
                                         in the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in
                                         November 2020; read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
                                         Supervisors

                                         He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                         organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020; joined
                                         the training of Interpretation of the Key Points of the new securities law
                                         organized by the Securities Association of China in September 2020;
                                         joined the training of Interpretation of the Key Points of the New Securities
                                         Law on Civil Liability for Illegal Acts in the Securities Market and the
                                         training of Interpretation of the Key Points of the New Securities Law on
 HUANG                                   Investor Protection organized by the Securities Association of China in
                Non-executive director
 Jian (黃堅)                               October 2020; joined the conference on improving the quality of listed
                                         companies in the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory
                                         Bureau and the training of Interpretation of the Key Points of the New
                                         Securities Law on Information Disclosure in November 2020; joined the
                                         training of Interpretation of the Key Points of the New Securities Law on
                                         Securities Issuance System organized by the Securities Association of China
                                         in December 2020; read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors
                                         and Supervisors


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

186
                                                  Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




  Name               Position                        Time, means and content of the training

                                      He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                      organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020; joined
                                      the training of Interpretation of the Key Points of the New Securities Law
                                      on Civil Liability for Illegal Acts in the Securities Market and the training
WANG                                  of Interpretation of the Key Points of the New Securities on Investor
Daxiong      Non-executive director   Protection Law organized by the Securities Association of China in October
(王大雄)                                 2020; joined the conference on improving the quality of listed companies
                                      in the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau
                                      and the specialized thematic of “Brief History of State-owned Enterprises”
                                      organized by China E-learning Academy for Leadership in November 2020;
                                      read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                      He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                      organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
                                      attended the remote training course on fund operation and management
WANG
             Non-executive director   of insurance institutions in May 2020; joined the conference on improving
Wen (王文)
                                      the quality of listed companies in the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen
                                      Securities Regulatory Bureau in November 2020; read the Monthly
                                      Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                      He had participated in the Goldman Sachs Global Macro Symposium
                                      organized by Goldman Sachs Asia Pacific in January 2020; participated
                                      in a series of training on the new securities law organized by Shenzhen
XIANG Hua    Independent non-
                                      Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020; joined the conference on
(向華)         executive director
                                      improving the quality of listed companies in the jurisdiction organized
                                      by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in November 2020; read the
                                      Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                      He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                      organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
                                      attended the seventh session of Tsinghua PBCSF course for scientific
                                      entrepreneur organised by the PBC School of Finance, Tsinghua University
                                      in October and December 2020; joined the conference on improving the
XIAO Houfa   Independent non-
                                      quality of listed companies in the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen
(肖厚發)        executive director
                                      Securities Regulatory Bureau, the forum on continuously improving the
                                      audit quality of accounting firms organized by the Ministry of Finance
                                      and the training of Interpretation of the Key Points of the New Securities
                                      Law on Information Disclosure in November 2020; read the Monthly
                                      Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              187
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




     Name                Position                    Time, means and content of the training

                                       He had participated in the training on listed company governance
                                       organized by the annual meeting of the Institute of Finance of America
                                       in January 2020; attended the Seminar on China’s Economic Outlook
 XIONG Wei      Independent non-       organized by the Institute of Geneva, Switzerland in February 2020; joined
 (熊偉)           executive director     the Symposium on China’s Economy and Financial Markets organized by
                                       the National Bureau of Economic Research and the Shenzhen Advanced
                                       Institute of Finance in December 2020; read the Monthly Correspondences
                                       to the Directors and Supervisors

                                       He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                       organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
 HU
                Independent non-       joined the conference on improving the quality of listed companies in
 Honggao
                executive director     the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in
 (胡鴻高)
                                       November 2020; read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
                                       Supervisors

                                       He had participated in a series of training on the new securities law
                                       organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in April 2020;
 WONG Ti        Independent non-       joined the conference on improving the quality of listed companies in
 (汪棣)           executive director     the jurisdiction organized by Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau in
                                       November 2020; read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
                                       Supervisors



2.    Term of office of non-executive Directors

      As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were eight non-executive Directors (SU Jian, XIONG
Xianliang, SU Min, PENG Lei, GAO Hong, HUANG Jian, WANG Daxiong, WANG Wen) and five independent
non-executive Directors (XIANG Hua, XIAO Houfa, XIONG Wei, HU Honggao, WONG Ti). For details of their
terms of office, see “Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations” in “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors,
Senior Management and Employees” of this report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

188
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



3.    Diversity policy

(1)   Purpose

      This policy aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board of the Company.


(2)   Statements

      ①    The Board should have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
           the requirements of the business of the Company. It should ensure that changes to its composition
           can be managed without undue disruption. It should include a balanced composition of executive
           and non-executive Directors (including INEDs) so that there is a strong independent element on the
           Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment. Non-executive Directors should be of
           sufficient caliber and number for their views to carry weight.
      ②    When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity in
           terms of, among other things, gender, age, cultural and educational background, races, expertise,
           skills, know-how and length of services. All Board appointments will be based on merits, and
           candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
           diversity on the Board.


(3)   Measurable objectives

      Selection of candidates for Board membership will be based on a range of diverse perspectives, including
but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, races, expertise, skills, know-how and
length of services. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates
will bring to the Board. The Board’s composition (including gender, age, educational background, professional
experience, length of service, etc.) will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report annually (Note:
Corporate Governance Report is included in the annual result announcement and the annual report prepared
and reported by the Company in accordance with the H share standard. The content of the Corporate
Governance Report is the same as the “Corporate Governance” section in the Annual Report prepared and
reported by the Company in accordance with the A share standard, same for below).




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         189
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(4)   Monitoring and reporting

     The Nomination Committee will disclose the composition of the Board in terms of diversity annually in
the Corporate Governance Report of the Company and monitor the implementation of this policy.


(5)   Review of this policy

      The Nomination Committee will review this policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of this
policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such
revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.


(6)   Disclosure of this policy

      ①    This Policy will be published on the Company’s website for public information.
      ②    A summary of this Policy together with the measurable objectives set for implementing this Policy,
           and the progress made towards achieving those objectives will be disclosed in the annual Corporate
           Governance Report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

190
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



4.   Nomination policy

      The Nomination Committee shall study the conditions, selection procedures and term of office of the
directors and senior management of the Company in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the
Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of Association as well as the actual circumstances of the Company,
and submit its decisions to the board of directors for approval.
     Directors and senior management shall be elected through the following procedures:
     (1)   the Nomination Committee shall study the needs of the Company for directors and senior
           management and record the same into written documents;
     (2)   the Nomination Committee may identify to a wide extent the candidates of directors and senior
           management within the Company, its subsidiaries and the talent market;
     (3)   the Nomination Committee shall collect the information about the candidates in respect of the
           profession, education, job title, detailed work experience and part-time jobs and record the same
           into written documents;
     (4)   the Nomination Committee shall obtain consent from the candidates on the nomination before
           they are proposed as candidates of directors or senior management;
     (5)   the Nomination Committee shall convene a meeting to examine the qualifications of candidates in
           accordance with the job requirements of directors and senior management;
     (6)   the Nomination Committee shall provide relevant materials of the candidates of director and senior
           management for the appointment before such appointment and shall submit its recommendation
           of the removal of directors and senior management in accordance with the procedures of
           shareholders’ meetings and the meetings of the board of directors;
     (7)   the Nomination Committee shall carry out subsequent work based on the decisions and feedbacks
           of the board of directors.




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                        191
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



IV. Significant Opinions and Recommendations Proposed by the Special
    Committees under the Board in Performing Their Duties during the
    Reporting Period, Details Should be Disclosed If There Were Disagreements

      The Company has established five committees under the Board, namely the Strategy Committee, the
Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the
Nomination Committee in accordance with relevant PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of Association and the
corporate governance practice prescribed in the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The committees are accountable
to the Board and perform duties under the authorization of the Board. The decision-making procedures of
the Board are further refined by a clear division of duties, powers and responsibilities and high operation
efficiency of the committees. The committees provide advice on the decisions of the Board and have made
favourable contributions when the Board makes major decisions for the Company.
    For details of the composition of the committees as at the end of the Reporting Period, see
“Compositions of Special Committees under the Board” under “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and Employees” of this report.
      During the Reporting Period, the special committees under the Board performed their duties earnestly
and actively put forward various opinions and recommendations on the corporate strategy, risk management,
internal and external audit and internal control. During the Reporting Period, the special committees under
the Board did not have any disagreement.


(I)   Strategy Committee

     The main duties of the Strategy Committee of the Company include analysing, planning and providing
recommendations on the mid-and long-term development strategies of the Company; analysing and giving
suggestions on major investment projects which are required to obtain approval of the Board according to
the Articles of Association; analysing and providing recommendations on major strategic investments decision
and mergers and acquisitions of the Company; analysing and providing recommendations on major strategic
investment decisions and mergers and acquisitions of the Company which are required to obtain approval of
the Board according to the Articles of Association; analysing and providing recommendations on other major
matters affecting the development of the Company; organizing expert review committee(s) for the above
matters; monitoring the implementation of the above matters; and performing other duties as authorized by
the Board.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

192
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the Strategy Committee held a total of two meetings. The Strategy
Committee gained a comprehensive understanding of the management of fintech innovation fund, strategy
implementation and optimization construction of strategic dynamic of the Company through reviewing the
Company’s amendments on management methods of fintech innovation fund and listening to the report on
the Company’s strategy implementation review and optimization construction of strategic dynamic, so as to
promote the implementation of the corporate strategy.

  No.         Session           Date                    Proposal                          Report

          The fifth meeting
                                           Amendment on management
          of the Strategy
                              April 24,    methods of fintech innovation fund
   1      Committee of                                                          —
                              2020         of China Merchants Securities Co.,
          the sixth session
                                           Ltd.”
          of the Board

          The sixth meeting                                                     The Report on the Company’s
          of the Strategy                                                       2019 Strategy Implementation
                              August 27,
   2      Committee of the                 —                                    Review and Optimization
                              2020
          sixth session of                                                      Construction of Strategic
          the Board                                                             Dynamic

       During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Strategy Committee is as follows:

                                                                       Number of meetings
  No.                          Name
                                                                attended/Number of meetings held

   1      HUO Da (霍達)                                                                                 2/2

   2      XIONG Xianliang (熊賢良)                                                                       2/2

   3      XIONG Jiantao (熊劍濤)                                                                         2/2

   4      GAO Hong (高宏)                                                                               1/1

   5      WANG Daxiong (王大雄)                                                                          2/2

   6      WANG Wen (王文)                                                                               2/2

   7      XIANG Hua (向華)                                                                              2/2




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          193
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(II)       Risk Management Committee`

      The main duties of the Risk Management Committee of the Company include reviewing and providing
recommendations on the general goals and basic polices of risk management and compliance management
of the Company; reviewing and discussing with the management on the risk management system of the
Company to ensure that the management has fulfilled its duties and set up an efficient risk management
system; discussing issues such as the adequacy of resources, the experience of employees, the sufficiency
of training programmes for employees and relevant budget in respect of risk management; reviewing and
providing recommendations on the organizational deployment and the duties of risk management and
compliance management of the Company; evaluating and providing recommendations on the risks involved
in major decisions and the proposals in resolving the major risks; reviewing and providing recommendations
on the regular risk evaluation reports, compliance reports and economic capital management proposals;
analysing the results of major investigations and the response of the management on such investigations
in respect of risk management issues on its own or as designated by the Board; and handling other matters
required to be resolved by regulatory authorities or as authorized by the Board.
     During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held a total of five meetings. The Risk
Management Committee gained a comprehensive understanding of the risk and compliance situation of the
Company through reviewing its quarterly and annual compliance reports and risk evaluation reports. It also
conducted an assessment of the risk profile and risk control capability of the Company on a regular basis.
The cooperation between various departments of the Company, such as compliance and risk management
departments, was enhanced to facilitate the establishment of a comprehensive risk prevention system of the
Company.

  No.             Session          Date                  Proposal                          Report

                                             Budget for the proprietary
                                             investment of the Company for
                                             2020; risk evaluation report of the
                                             Company for the fourth quarter of
              The thirteenth                 2019; risk appetite statement and
              meeting of the                 allocation of the economic capital
              Risk Management    March 26,   report for 2020; report on an all-    Risk analysis report of
       1
              Committee of the   2020        inclusive budget arrangement          COVID-19 epidemic
              sixth session of               for the proprietary investment of
              the Board                      the Company for 2020; report on
                                             achievement of net capital and risk
                                             control indicators of the Company
                                             for 2019; compliance report of the
                                             Company for 2019




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

194
                                                Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




No.       Session            Date                   Proposal                          Report

      The fourteenth                                                          Report on the excess
      meeting of the                                                          standard of risk
      Risk Management      April 14,                                          preference index of “the
 2                                      —
      Committee of the     2020                                               loss of the proprietary
      sixth session of                                                        investment portfolio of
      the Board                                                               CMS International “

      The fifteenth
                                        Risk evaluation report of the
      meeting of the
                                        Company for the first quarter of
      Risk Management      May 25,
3                                       2020; compliance report of the        —
      Committee of the     2020
                                        Company for the first quarter of
      sixth session of
                                        2020
      the Board

                                        Risk evaluation report of the
      The sixteenth                     Company for the second quarter
      meeting of the                    of 2020; compliance report of the
      Risk Management      August 27,   Company for the second quarter
4                                                                             —
      Committee of the     2020         of 2020; report on continuous
      sixth session of                  achievement of risk control
      the Board                         indicators (such as net capital) of
                                        the Company

                                        Risk evaluation report of the
      The first meeting
                                        Company for the third quarter of
      of the Risk
                                        2020; compliance report of the
      Management           December
5                                       Company for the third quarter of      —
      Committee of the     1, 2020
                                        2020; adjustment to risk appetite
      seventh session of
                                        statement of China Merchants
      the Board
                                        Securities




                                                                                      2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                   195
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Risk Management Committee is as
follows:

                                                              Number of meetings attended/Number of
  No.                            Name
                                                                          meetings held

   1      SU Min (蘇敏) (Convener)                                                                        5/5

   2      SU Jian (粟健)                                                                                  5/5

   3      XIONG Jiantao (熊劍濤)                                                                           5/5

   4      PENG Lei (彭磊)                                                                                 5/5

   5      WANG Daxiong (王大雄)                                                                            5/5

   6      WANG Wen (王文)                                                                                 5/5

   7      XIANG Hua (向華)                                                                                5/5



(III) Audit Committee

      The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Company include providing recommendations on
engaging or changing external auditors, supervising and assessing the performance of external auditors;
guiding internal auditing and supervising the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation;
coordinating the communication of the management, internal auditors and relevant departments with
the external auditors, and performing the role as a major representative of the Company to liaise with the
external auditors and supervise their relationships; supervising the internal control procedures and assessing
their effectiveness; reviewing the internal control of the Company and conducting daily monitoring and
examination of the responsible parties. The Audit Committee shall also be responsible for conducting prior
guidance, supervision throughout the whole process and subsequent review on the responsible parties of the
Company to strengthen the internal control system; and supervising and reviewing the performance, incidents
and implementation regarding compliance and risk control obligations of all departments and positions on
a daily basis and report to the Board regularly. The Audit Committee shall be responsible for keeping track
of the performance of compliance obligations of the senior management through regular meetings with the
compliance officers and other efficient methods; overseeing the financial reporting system of the Company,
reviewing its financial reports and giving opinions thereon; conducting an audit on major related party
transactions; and ensuring and reviewing the arrangements of the Company which enables its employees to
be the whistle-blower in the event of any possible misconduct in financial reporting, internal control or other
aspects of the Company. The Audit Committee shall be responsible for ensuring that proper arrangements are
made for the Company to conduct a fair and independent investigation on such matters and take appropriate
actions; dealing with other matters as delegated by the Board; considering other topics as identified by the
Board; and performing other duties required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where
the Company is listed.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

196
                                                       Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



      During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held a total of six meetings. The Audit Committee
convened meetings, considered and made decisions on the relevant issues pursuant to the Working Rules of
the Audit Committee of the Board (《董事會審計委員會工作規則》) of the Company so as to enhance work
efficiency and reasonable decision-making. In accordance with the Annual Report Work Procedures for the
Audit Committee under the Board (《董事會審計委員會年報工作規程》), the Audit Committee performed its
duties in a prudent manner by participating in the preparation of the annual financial report, auditing and
disclosure. It also strived to uphold its audit independence. Its audit quality was also enhanced to safeguard
the interests of the Company and shareholders as a whole.
     In accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, the Audit Committee and its
members fully discharged its audit and supervision obligations. Its diligent efforts were indispensable to the
optimization of the corporate governance structure and the audit quality.
      After carrying out prudent audit and supervision on the financial position of the Company and reviewing
the financial statement prepared by the Company, the Audit Committee believes that the Company has a
stable financial system and satisfactory financial position. In addition, the Board is satisfied with the adequacy
of resources, staff qualification and experience for performing accounting and financial functions as well as
the sufficiency of staff training and relevant budget after conducting reviews through the Audit Committee.

  No.         Session             Date                       Proposal                              Report

                                              2019 report on deposit and use
                                              of proceeds from the issuance of
                                              H Shares of the Company; 2019
                                              annual report of the Company; final
                                              financial report of the Company for
                                              2019; appointment of the auditing
                                              firm for 2020; 2019 internal audit
         The seventeenth                      rep o rt an d 2 0 2 0 i n tern al au d i t
         meeting of the                       program of the Company; the
                                                                                           Report on audit work for
         Audit Committee       March 26,      internal control evaluation report
   1                                                                                       the 2019 annual report
         of the sixth          2020           of the Company for 2019; the
                                                                                           of the Company
         session of the                       contemplated ordinary related
         board                                party transactions of the Company
                                              for 2020; authentication report on
                                              related party transactions of the
                                              Company for 2019; 2019 audit
                                              report on internal control of the
                                              Company; 2019 work report of
                                              Audit Committee of the Board of
                                              the Company

         The eighteenth
         meeting of the
         Audit Committee       April 28,      First quarterly report of the
   2                                                                                       —
         of the sixth          2020           Company for 2020
         session of the
         board




                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               197
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




  No.          Session                 Date               Proposal                         Report

          The nineteenth
                                              2020 interim internal audit report
          meeting of the
                                              of the Company; 2019 special
          Audit Committee       August 27,
   3                                          audit report on major related party   —
          of the sixth          2020
                                              transactions of the Company; 2020
          session of the
                                              interim report of the Company;
          board

          The twentieth
          meeting of the
          Audit Committee       September     2020 self-assessment program on
   4                                                                                —
          of the sixth          14, 2020      internal control
          session of the
          board

          The twenty-first
          meeting of the
          Audit Committee       October 29,   2020 third quarterly report of the    Report on 2020 working
   5
          of the sixth          2020          Company                               schedule on audit
          session of the
          board

          The first meeting
          of the Audit
                                November      2020 third quarterly internal audit
   6      Committee of the                                                          —
                                17, 2020      report of the Company
          seventh session of
          the board




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

198
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



       During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Audit Committee is as follows:

                                                             Number of meetings attended/Number of
  No.                          Name
                                                                         meetings held

   1      XIAO Houfa (肖厚發) (Convener)                                                                  6/6

   2      SU Jian (粟健)                                                                                 6/6

   3      HUANG Jian (黃堅)                                                                              6/6

   4      HU Honggao (胡鴻高)                                                                             6/6

   5      WONG Ti (汪棣)                                                                                 6/6



(IV) Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

      The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee include: considering, reviewing and
providing recommendations on the remuneration policy, standard and proposal of the Directors and senior
management of the Company with reference to the principal scope of authorization, duties and importance
of the Directors and senior management as well as the remuneration package for similar positions of
comparable companies; making recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration policy and
structure of the Directors and senior management of the Company and the formulation of official and
transparent procedures for determining the remuneration policy. The remuneration standard and proposal
include but are not limited to appraisal standards and procedures, major evaluation systems, reward and
penalty proposals and systems. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is also responsible for reviewing
and approving the remuneration proposal for the management in accordance with the corporate missions
and targets determined by the Board; reviewing the overall remuneration policy of the Company and the
total amount of annual remuneration and examining the remuneration policy and the execution of annual
remuneration; making recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of executive Directors and senior
management (including salary, pension and compensation (including the compensation as to the loss or
termination of office or appointment)), as well as the remuneration of non-executive Directors; considering
salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions
of other positions of the Company; reviewing and approving compensation payable to Executive Directors
and senior management for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent
with the terms of the employment contracts or is otherwise fair and reasonable; reviewing and approving
compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they
are consistent with the terms of the employment contracts or are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;
ensuring that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration; examining
the appraisal standards of the Directors and senior management of the Company; reviewing and examining
the performance of the duties of the Directors and senior management, conducting annual performance
assessment and providing recommendations; overseeing the implementation of remuneration system of the
Company; performing other duties as authorized by the Board; and performing other duties as required by the
listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the Company is listed.




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                       199
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held a total of two meetings,
at which review and appraise on the performance of the senior management, special assessment on the
compliance of the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company, and review on the implementation of the mid-
long term cash retention plan for core employees and the payment of the bonus of the mid-long term cash
retention plan for core employees of 2019.

  No.          Session             Date                     Proposal                             Report

                                                                                       Work debriefing of nine
                                                                                       senior management
                                                                                       members, HUO Da ( 霍 達 )
                                                                                       (the Chairman), XIONG
                                                                                       Jiantao ( 熊 劍 濤 ) (President
                                                                                       and Chief Information
          T h e t e n t h                                                              Officer), DENG Xiaoli ( 鄧
          meeting of the                                                               曉 力 ) (Vice President), LI
                                              2019 assessment report on compliance
          Remuneration                                                                 Zongjun ( 李 宗 軍 ) (Vice
                               March 26,      officer of the Company; the
   1      and Appraisal                                                                President), WU Huifeng ( 吳
                               2020           implementation of the mid-long term
          Committee of the                                                             慧 峰 ) (Vice President and
                                              cash retention plan
          sixth session of                                                             Secretary to the Board),
          the Board                                                                    ZHAO Bin ( 趙 斌 ) (Vice
                                                                                       President), HU Yu ( 胡 宇 )
                                                                                       (Chief Compliance Officer
                                                                                       and Chief Risk Officer), WU
                                                                                       Guangyan ( 吳 光 焰 ) (Vice
                                                                                       President) and XIE Jijun (謝繼
                                                                                       軍) (Vice President)
          The eleventh
          meeting of the
          Remuneration                        The payment of the bonus of the mid-
                               September 9,
   2      and Appraisal                       long term cash retention plan for core   —
                               2020
          Committee of the                    employees of 2019
          sixth session of
          the Board

      During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
is as follows:

                                                                           Number of meetings
  No.                            Name
                                                                    attended/Number of meetings held

   1      XIANG Hua (向華) (Convener)                                                                            2/2

   2      SU Min (蘇敏)                                                                                          2/2

   3      PENG Lei (彭磊)                                                                                        2/2

   4      XIONG Wei (熊偉)                                                                                       2/2

   5      WONG Ti (汪棣)                                                                                         2/2



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

200
                                                            Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(V) Nomination Committee

      The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Company include: reviewing the structure,
number of members and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
once a year and making recommendations to any intended change to the Board in line with the strategies
of the Company; making recommendations to the Board as to its scale and composition based on the
business operations, asset scale and share structure of the Company; considering and formulating criteria
and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management to be approved by the Board; identifying
qualified candidates for Directors and senior management and giving opinions to the Board; assessing the
independence of independent non-executive Directors; reviewing and providing recommendations on the
appointment and dismissal of Directors and senior management; making recommendations to the Board
on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors, as well as the succession plan of Directors (particularly
the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer); performing other duties as authorized by the Board; and
performing other duties as required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the
Company is listed.
     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held a total of two meetings, at which review
the structure of the Board of the Company (including the diversity of directors) and the qualifications of
candidates for the re-election of Board.

  No.           Session              Date                        Resolution                          Report

          The eighth meeting
          of the Nomination
                                 March 26,       Report on review of 2019 Board Structure of
   1      Committee of the                                                                       —
                                 2020            the Company
          sixth session of the
          Board

                                                 The nomination of candidates for non-
          The ninth meeting
                                                 independent directors of the seventh
          of the Nomination
                                 September 28,   session of the Board of the Company; the
   2      Committee of the                                                                       —
                                 2020            nomination of candidates for independent
          sixth session of the
                                                 directors of the seventh session of the Board
          Board
                                                 of the Company

       During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Nomination Committee is as follows:

                                                                                  Number of meetings
  No.                              Name
                                                                           attended/Number of meetings held

   1      XIONG Wei (熊偉) (Convener)                                                                               2/2

   2      HUO Da (霍達) (appointed in August 2020)                                                                  1/1

   3      PENG Lei (彭磊)                                                                                           2/2

   4      XIAO Houfa (肖厚發)                                                                                        2/2

   5      HU Honggao (胡鴻高)                                                                                        2/2




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  201
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



V. Duty Performance of Supervisors

      During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company fully performed its duties in
corporate governance in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law and
Securities Law and the related provisions regarding the responsibilities of the Supervisory Committee in the
Articles of Association. The Supervisory Committee supervised the Board and senior management in respect
of their implementation of resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings, inspected the daily operation
and financial position of the Company, monitored the risk control and compliance of the Company and
safeguarded the legal interests of the Company, its shareholders and all investors and ensured regulated
operation of the Company.


(I)      Participation of Supervisors in the Supervisory Committee meetings and the shareholders’
         general meetings


                                                                                                                                                           Attendance of
                                                                            Attendance of meetings of the Supervisory Committee                             shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                          general meetings

  Name of Supervisor         Position            Number of                                                                                Whether not
                                                                                     Attendance                                                            Attendance of
                                                 meetings of                                                                               attending in
                                                                 Attendance in         through         Attendance by         Absence                       shareholders’
                                               the Supervisory                                                                            person in two
                                                                 person (times)    correspondence      proxy (times)         (times)                      general meeting
                                               Committee held                                                                              consecutive
                                                                                        (times)                                                               (times)
                                               during the year                                                                              meetings

                       Chairman of
 ZHOU Linda Lei
                       the Supervisory                       7                7                  5                  0                  0 No                            5
 (周語菡)
                       Committee

                       Shareholder
 LI Xiaofei
                       Representative                        7                7                  7                  0                  0 No                            5
 (李曉霏)
                       Supervisor

                       Shareholder
 WANG Zhangwei
                       Representative                        7                7                  7                  0                  0 No                            5
 (王章為)
                       Supervisor

                       Shareholder
 MA Yunchun
                       Representative                        7                7                  7                  0                  0 No                            5
 (馬蘊春)
                       Supervisor

                       Shareholder
                       Representative
 ZHANG Zhen
                       Supervisor (held                      1                1                  1                  0                  0 No                            1
 （張震）
                       office at October 30,
                       2020)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

202
                                                                                  Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                                                                                         Attendance of
                                                                          Attendance of meetings of the Supervisory Committee                             shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                        general meetings

Name of Supervisor         Position            Number of                                                                                Whether not
                                                                                   Attendance                                                            Attendance of
                                               meetings of                                                                               attending in
                                                               Attendance in         through         Attendance by         Absence                       shareholders’
                                             the Supervisory                                                                            person in two
                                                               person (times)    correspondence      proxy (times)         (times)                      general meeting
                                             Committee held                                                                              consecutive
                                                                                      (times)                                                               (times)
                                             during the year                                                                              meetings

                     Shareholder
ZUO qun              Representative
                                                           1                1                  1                  0                  0 No                            1
（鄒群）                 Supervisor (appointed
                     on October 30, 2020)

                     Employee
YIN Hongyan (尹虹艶)    Representative                        7                7                  6                  0                  0 No                            5
                     Supervisor

                     Employee
HE Min (何敏)          Representative                        7                7                  5                  0                  0 No                            5
                     Supervisor

                     Employee
                     Representative
SHEN Weihua (沈衛華)                                          1                1                  1                  0                  0 No                            1
                     Supervisor (appointed
                     on October 30, 2020)

                     Shareholder
                     Representative
FANG Xiaobing
                     Supervisor (resigned                  6                6                  6                  0                  0 No                            5
(房小兵)
                     on October 30,
                     2020)

                     Shareholder
                     Representative
ZHANG Zehong
                     Supervisor (resigned                  6                6                  5                  0                  0 No                            5
(張澤宏)
                     on October 30,
                     2020)

                     Employee
                     Representative
XIONG Zhigang
                     Supervisor (resigned                  6                6                  5                  0                  0 No                            5
(熊志鋼)
                     on October 30,
                     2020)




                                                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                  203
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




 Number of meetings of the Supervisory Committee convened                                                           7

 Of which: Number of onsite meetings                                                                                0

 Number of meetings convened by way of correspondence                                                               5

 Number of meetings convened onsite and by way of correspondence                                                    2



(II)    Convening of the meetings of the Supervisory Committee

     In 2020, the Supervisory Committee convened a total of seven meetings, details of which are set out as
follows:

                             Date of                                                                       Voting
  No.         Session                                              Proposal
                             meeting                                                                       results

                                          Work report of the Supervisory Committee of the Company for
                                          2019; assessment report on the effectiveness of the Company’s
                                          compliance management for 2019; 2019 annual report of
          The eighteenth                  the Company; 2019 operational report of the Company; the
          meeting of the                  internal control evaluation report of the Company for 2019;
                             March 26,
   1      sixth session of                compliance report of the Company for 2019; 2019 Corporate        Passed
                             2020
          the Supervisory                 Social Responsibility and Environmental, Social and Governance
          Committee                       Report; 2019 report on the deposit and use of proceeds
                                          from the issuance of H Shares; amendments on the Rules of
                                          Procedure of the Supervisory Committee of China Merchants
                                          Securities Co., Ltd.

          The nineteenth
          meeting of the
                             April 28,
   2      sixth session of                2020 first quarterly report of the Company                       Passed
                             2020
          the Supervisory
          Committee

                                          2020 interim report of the Company and its summary; 2020
          The twentieth
                                          interim operational report of the Company; amendments
          meeting of the
                             August 27,   on the Work Rules of the Supervisory Committee of
   3      sixth session of                                                                                 Passed
                             2020         China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; amendments on the
          the Supervisory
                                          performance appraisal measures for Supervisors of China
          Committee
                                          Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

          The twenty-first
          meeting of the
                             September    The replacement of pre-invested self-raised funds by funds
   4      sixth session of                                                                                 Passed
                             7, 2020      raised by the rights offering
          the Supervisory
          Committee




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

204
                                                      Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report




                          Date of                                                                        Voting
No.      Session                                                 Proposal
                          meeting                                                                        results

      The twenty-
      second meeting
                                        The nomination of candidates for Shareholder Representative
      of the sixth        September
5                                       Supervisor of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee   Passed
      session of the      28, 2020
                                        of the Company
      Supervisory
      Committee

      The twenty-third
      meeting of the
                          October 29,
6     sixth session of                  2020 third quarterly report of the Company                       Passed
                          2020
      the Supervisory
      Committee

      The first meeting
      of the seventh
                          October 30,   The election of Chairman of the Seventh session of Supervisory
7     session of the                                                                                     Passed
                          2020          Committee
      Supervisory
      Committee




                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              205
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee

      In 2020, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law and Securities
Law and the relevant requirements of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Committee duly performed
its duties with an aim to protect the interests of the Company and all shareholders. The Supervisory
Committee supervised and inspected the legal operation, major decisions and financial conditions as well as
related party transactions of the Company, and provided the following independent opinions:


1.    Legal operation of the Company

      In 2020, the Board and the management of the Company were able to operate legally in accordance
with the Company Law, Securities Law, Articles of Association, and other applicable laws, regulations and
rules. As an A+H listed Company, the Company was able to maintain regulated operations in respect of
corporate governance, information disclosure and investor relations by adhering to the regulatory policies in
both Mainland China and Hong Kong. The major operational decision-making procedures of the Company
were lawful and effective. The Company has continuously improved its risk management, compliance
management and internal control systems. All internal management systems were effectively implemented.
The Supervisory Committee has not identified any behaviour of the Directors and senior management during
their performance of duties that violated the relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association or was
detrimental to the interests of the Shareholders and the Company.


2.    Inspection of the financial position of the Company

     In 2020, the Supervisory Committee duly reviewed the financial statements and financial information of
the Company. The Supervisory Committee was of the view that the preparation of the financial statements of
the Company complied the relevant requirements of the Accounting Standards for Enterprises and IFRSs. The
2020 financial statements of the Company were able to reflect the financial position, results of operation and
cash flows of the Company. The audit opinions contained in the standard unqualified auditor’s report issued
by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu were objective
and fair.


3.    Examination of the implementation of resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings

      In 2020, the Supervisory Committee monitored the implementation of resolutions of the shareholders’
general meetings. The Supervisory Committee was of the view that the Board was able to duly enforce the
resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings and had no such behaviours that were detrimental to the
interests of shareholders, in particular the minority shareholders.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

206
                                                    Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



4.   Related party transactions

      In 2020, the review, voting, disclosure and implementation of the relevant related party transactions of
the Company were in compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and the provisions and requirements of
the internal management systems of the Company. The pricing of such transactions was fair and reasonable.
The Supervisory Committee has not identified any circumstances that were detrimental to the interests of the
Company.


5.   Review of relevant reports

     The Supervisory Committee reviewed the 2020 Annual Report of the Company (《公司2020年度報告》),
2020 Operational Report of the Company (《公司2020年度經營工作報告》), Report on the use of fund raised
from the rights issue of the Company in 2020 (《 公司2020年度配股募集資金使用情況專項報告》), Internal
Control Assessment Report of the Company for 2020 (《 公司2020年度內部控制評價報告》), Compliance
Report of the Company for 2020 (《公司2020年度合規報告》) and 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility and
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (《公司2020年度社會責任報告暨環境、社會及管治報告》), and
had no objection to such reports.


6.   Enforcement of the registration and management system for inside information holders

      The Company has formulated the Registration System for Persons with Inside Information of China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《 招 商 證 券 股 份 有 限 公 司 內 幕 信 息 知 情 人 登 記 制 度 》) in accordance with
relevant laws and regulations. In 2020, the Supervisory Committee supervised the enforcement of the
Registration System for Persons with Inside Information. The Supervisory Committee has not identified any
violation of such policy.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         207
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



7.    Performance evaluation on Directors and management team of the Company

     The Supervisory Committee of the Company convened the second meeting of the seventh session on
March 25, 2021 to assess the performance evaluation of all Directors and senior management of the Company
in 2020.
      The content of the performance evaluation of the Directors by the Supervisory Committee included
the attendance of meetings, making recommendations, participating training, maintaining the business
confidentiality of the Company, faithfully reporting connected transactions and timely declaring
shareholdings of the Company, etc. The Supervisors at the meeting concurred that in 2020, the Board of the
Company has maintained strategic focus, advocated technology to lead finance, actively explored innovation
and transformation, adhered to the bottom-line thinking of risk, constantly strengthened the construction of
compliance culture, and thus has further improved the level of corporate governance. All the Directors of the
Company actively attended Board meetings and special committee meetings, seriously studied and reviewed
various resolutions and provided advice and propositions, paid close attention to the business and compliance
operation of the Company, keeping business confidentiality of the Company and faithful declaration of
conditions of connected transactions, so that quality professional opinions and suggestions were provided to
the board of directors of the Company for decision making. All the Directors strictly abided by the relevant
laws and regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company, faithfully exercised the rights of
directors and fulfilled the duties of directors thoroughly and diligently.
      The content of the performance evaluation of the management team of the Company by the
Supervisory Committees included the attendance of meetings, respective management of various business
segments, commitments to the corporate strategy, compliance management, integrity and self-discipline.
The Supervisors at the meeting concurred that in 2020, all the senior management have carried out various
work around the Company’s development strategy deployment, and have achieved remarkable operating
results. Revenue and profit of the Company have both increased significantly. The transformation and reform
of the Company have been pushed forward in-depth, and the momentum of development has continued
to strengthen. Meanwhile, the Company continued to maintain steady compliance operations. There was
no significant event regarding risk compliance throughout the year while losses of various kinds of risk
were maintained at a relatively low level, and therefore, the “AA” grade of Type A regulatory rating was
maintained for the 13th consecutive years. All the senior management strictly abided by the relevant laws
and regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company, seriously implemented the resolutions of
the Board, accepted the supervision from the Supervisory Committee and fulfilled the duties thoroughly and
diligently.
    The Supervisory Committee had high accreditation to the performance of the Directors and senior
management of the Company during 2020.
     During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee had no objections to the matters under
supervision.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

208
                                                   Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



VI. Appraisal System of Senior Management and the Establishment and
    Implementation of Incentive Mechanism during the Reporting Period

     The remuneration of the senior management of the Company is determined based on their position
and performance. An annual performance bonus incentives system has been set up under the current
management framework, and the payment of performance-based bonuses is determined by the Board with
reference to the operating results of the Company. The Chairman and senior management of the Company
are entitled to an individual performance bonus based on the annual appraisal results. The distribution
proposal shall be confirmed after the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board issues written
opinions thereon.


VII. Remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

     For the remunerations of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company, please see
“Change in Shareholdings and Remunerations” under “Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management
and Employees” of this report.


VIII. Disclosure of Self-Assessment Report of Internal Control

      For details of the self-assessment report of internal control of the Company, please refer to the 2020
Internal Control Assessment Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd (《招商證券股份有限公司2020年度
內部控制評價報告》) which will be published on the SSE website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website
for the same period of this report.




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                       209
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



IX. Relevant Issues Based on the Audit Report on Internal Control

     For details of the audit report on internal control of the Company, please refer to the 2020 Audit Report
on Internal Control of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司2020年度內部控制審計
報告》) which will be published on the SSE website on the same date of this report.
       Whether or not to disclose the audit report on internal control: Yes
       Type of opinion on the credit report on internal control: Standard unqualified opinion.


X. Responsibility Statement on Internal Control and Development of Internal
   Control System

(I)    Responsibility statement on internal control

      The Board of the Company shall be responsible for establishing appropriate and effective internal control
based on the regulations of the corporate internal control system, assessing its effectiveness and truthfully
disclosing the internal control assessment report. The Supervisory Committee shall supervise the internal
control established and implemented by the Board. The operation management shall be responsible for
coordinating and guiding the daily operation of internal control of the Company.
      Internal control of the Company is designed to reasonably ensure the lawful operation and management,
the security of assets and the authenticity and completeness of financial reports and relevant information, and
to improve the efficiency and results of operation so as to realise the development strategy. Due to inherent
limitations, internal control of the Company may only provide reasonable assurance for the above objectives.
In addition, due to changes in conditions, internal control may become inappropriate or the control policies
and procedures are less abided, the forecast on the effectiveness of future internal control based on the
internal control assessment results is subject to certain risks.
      Based on the assessment on the internal control of the Company, the Board believes that the Company
has maintained an effective internal control on financial reporting in all material aspects pursuant to the
regulations of the corporate internal control system and relevant requirement. As of the date of the internal
control assessment report (December 31, 2020), the Company was not aware of any material deficiency in the
internal control for financial reporting and non-financial reporting aspects.


(II)   Basis for development of internal control for financial reporting

     Pursuant to the General Regulations for Corporate Internal Control (《 企業內部控制基本規範》) and
Supplementary Guidelines for Corporate Internal Control (《 企 業 內 部 控 制 配 套 指 引 》) jointly issued by
the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, CSRC, the National Audit Office, and China Banking and Insurance
Regulatory Commission (formerly known as China Banking Regulatory Commission and China Insurance
Regulatory Commission), the Guidelines for the Internal Control of Securities Companies (《證券公司內部控
制指引》) issued by the CSRC and the Guidelines for Internal Control of Listed Companies on the Shanghai
Securities Exchange (《上海證券交易所上市公司內部控制指引》) issued by the SSE, the Company has set up an
appropriate and effective internal control for financial reporting based on its actual condition.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

210
                                                     Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



 (III) Development of internal control system

       The Company is committed to further improving the internal regulations, rules and management
 systems. According to the corporate governance requirement, the Company has refined the top-down
 systems to strengthen control over all business lines and management procedures. A series of comprehensive
 internal control systems are implemented effectively. The Company promotes its internal control throughout
 the whole process of operation and development, and ensures the sustainable and sound growth of the
 Company by improving and strengthening the implementation of systems with effective supervision and
 evaluation.


 XI. Development of Compliance Management System of the Company

 (I)   Development of compliance management system of the Company

      In 2020, under its five-level compliance management structure comprising the Board, Senior
 Management, Chief Compliance Officer, Legal and Compliance Department, and other departments,
 branches and subsidiaries at all levels, and the three-line of compliance management framework consisting of
 the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board and management, the Company duly performed its compliance
 management duties and maintained proper compliance level.
       The Company continued to promote the construction of a compliance management system, further
 organized the implementation of new regulatory rules and properly conducted regulatory communication.
 It also carried out compliance management supervision such as compliance review, compliance training
 promotion, compliance inspection, compliance risk treatment, daily compliance monitoring, anti-money
 laundering, etc., in accordance with the laws and regulations as well as rules of the Company. Meanwhile, the
 Company strengthened the prevention and identification of compliance risks, and improved the compliance
 risk control mechanism. It followed up and interpreted laws, regulations and standards in a timely manner,
 and actively organized relevant departments to timely revise internal rules and regulations, in order to embed
 the new regulations into various business processes and sessions, and enhance the Company’s internal control
 management. In addition, the Company newly formulated or revised nine compliance management policies,
 namely “Measures for the Monitoring and Administration of Anti-Money Laundering List”（《反洗錢名單監
 測管理辦法》）, “Measures for the Administration of Financial Marketing and Promotion of China Merchants
 Securities Co., Ltd.”（《招商證券股份有限金融營銷宣傳管理辦法》）, “Compliance Management System of
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.”（《招商證券股份有限公司合規管理制度》）, “Management Measures
 of Report on Large Transaction and Suspicious Transaction”（《大額交易和可疑交易報告管理辦法》）, etc. It
 continuously improved the compliance management system, fully implemented the “Management Measures
 of Subsidiaries for Compliance”（《 子 公 司 合 規 管 理 辦 法 》）, comprehensively standardized the principle
 of compliance management, the procedures and the responsibilities of each responsible entity, strictly
 implemented the “Accountability Regulations for cadre and staff of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.”
（《招商證券股份有限公司幹部員工問責管理規定》）applicable to major and important violations and general
 violations, and established a sound compliance accountability system.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          211
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Compliance check during the Reporting Period

      In 2020, the legal and compliance department of the Company stepped up its compliance check, actively
carried out proactive prevention and risk-triggered compliance inspections which focused on major regulatory
concerns, high-risk areas, and new businesses, and comprehensively identified the compliance risk and
supervised the rectification. A total of 28 compliance inspections were carried out throughout the year, which
ensured the smooth execution of the business regulations.


XII. Progress of Audit

      During the Reporting Period, the Company actively responded to the COVID-19 epidemic and thus has
turned the crisis into opportunities. It vigorously promoted the off-site audit standardization, normalization,
and adhered to dual emphasis on “risk prevention” and “value-adding”. Firstly, it strengthened the depth of
issues and precision of risk, so as to supervise, implement and improve the institutional system and operation
mechanism anchoring by elaboration, feasible and reasonable opinion and suggestion; secondly, it dug out
violations and hidden risks to promote standardized operation; thirdly, focusing on the implementation of
the strategy and key tasks, it analyzed the background, identified the current situation, looked forward to the
future and discussed the improvement, in order to promote the improvement of management efficiency.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company completed a total of 141 audit and inspection items of
various types, in which 26 were related to audit and assessment of the headquarters and subsidiaries,
comprehensively covering the anti-money laundering, liquidity risk management, information technology
security management, bond financing business of investment bank, customer suitability management for
wealth management business, derivatives investment business, private equity investment fund business
(subsidiary), alternative investment business (subsidiary) and other business or management area; 114 items of
compulsory departure audit and termination audit of the officers of branches (securities business department
and branch offices); leading the completion of the effective self-assessment of the Company’s internal control
project.
      Through these internal audits and evaluation, the Company inspected the internal control systems of
the audit targets and the completeness and effectiveness thereof, and issued reminders on major risks, which
significantly supported the improvement of compliance and risk prevention awareness of the audit targets as
well as the enhancement of internal control of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

212
                                                     Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



XIII. Miscellaneous

(I)    Compliance with code on securities transactions

      The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding the transactions of
securities of the Company by all Directors and Supervisors. Having made specific inquiries, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that during the Reporting Period, they have strictly complied
with the standards under the Model Code. According to the requirements of the CSRC, employees of the
Company shall be regarded as securities practitioners and shall be prohibited from dealings in shares. The
Company is not aware of any breach of the guidelines by the relevant employees. The Board will inspect
the corporate governance and its operation from time to time, in order to comply with the applicable
requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and safeguard the interests of shareholders. Upon inquiry, all
Directors, Supervisors and senior management have confirmed they have strictly complied with the applicable
requirements under the Model Code and the Management Rules on the Shares and Changes of Shareholdings
of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限
公司董事、監事和高級管理人員所持公司股份及其變動管理制度》). For details regarding the shareholdings of
the Directors, Supervisors and senior management in the Company, please see“Change in Shareholdings and
Remunerations”under“Chapter 7 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees”of this report.


(II)   Responsibilities of Directors for financial statements

      The following responsibility statement of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
of this report, while each responsibility statement shall be interpreted separately.
     The Board of the Company has confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual
report for the year ended December 31, 2020 of the Group.
      The Board of the Company is responsible for presenting a clear and well-defined assessment on the
interim and annual reports, stock price sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed
according to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided
relevant and necessary explanations and information for the Board so that the Board could make an informed
assessment on the financial data and position of the Group for examination and approval.
     To the knowledge of our Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant
uncertainty likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustained operations. In
addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities to which
the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed.


(III) Joint company secretaries

     Mr. WU Huifeng and Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne are the joint company secretaries of the Company,
whose appointments were made in July 2015 and April 2016, respectively, and became effective in October
2016. Mr. WU Huifeng is the secretary to the Board and the main contact person within the Company.
Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne is a vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited.
According to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, as of December 31, 2020, both Mr. WU Huifeng and
Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne have received over 15 hours of relevant professional training.



                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           213
Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



(IV) Interests of Shareholders

      The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict compliance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for the Shareholders’ General Meetings to ensure the equal status of
all shareholders, in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.
      The Company pays high attention to the shareholders ’opinions and advice, actively and regularly
carries out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and fulfil their
reasonable requests timely. The Company has formulated a series of thorough rules and regulations such
as the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship (《投資者關係管理制度》), to manage investor
relationship in accordance with the standards, systems and procedures. The Company has formed a good
interaction and communication with the investors through various channels, such as investor service hotlines,
the special column for investor relations in the Company’s website and reception of on-site researchers.
     The Board of the Company welcomes the shareholders’ advice and encourages shareholders to attend
the shareholders’ general meetings to ask the Board or management directly about any doubts they may
hold. Shareholders may convene and hold extraordinary general meetings and submit temporary proposals to
general meetings according to the procedures set out in the Articles of Association, which has been published
on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong as well as the
Company’s website. The Company will arrange for the Board and the Management to answer shareholders’
questions in its general meeting.


(V) Auditor’s remuneration

    For details of the auditor’s remuneration of the Company, please refer to “Appointment and Removal of
Accounting Firms” of “Chapter 5 Major Events” of this report.


(VI) Relationship with investors

     The Company attaches great importance to the investor relations management, actively carries out the
management of investor relations, continuously enhances the transparency of the Company, comprehensively
introduces the business development advantages of the Company, so as to enable investors to have a better
understanding of the Company. The Company has formulated the Standards for the Work of the Secretary
to the Board (《董事會秘書工作規範》), Information Disclosure Management System (《信息披露事務管理制
度》), and the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship (《投資者關係管理制度》), and has defined
the relevant working mechanisms. Other than the information disclosure channels required by the laws, the
Company mainly communicates with investors by shareholders’general meetings, investor briefing sessions,
phone, email, internet platform, reception of visitors and participating in investor meetings.
     In 2020, the Company in-depth communicated with investors on major issues such as industry trends,
corporate strategies, business development, risk management, rights offering and employee stock ownership
through various means, with a total of more than 1,300 person-times. Based on the good fundamentals of
the Company, and through continuous and effective communication with investors, the market value of the
Company ranked fourth in the industry by the end of 2020.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

214
                                                       Chapter 8: Corporate Governance Report



 (VII) Risk management

       For details of the risk management of the Company, please refer to the relevant content of “Potential
 risks and relevant measures” under “Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors” of this report.
      For details of the internal control of the Company, please refer to the“2020 Internal Control Assessment
Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.”(《招商證券股份有限公司2020年度內部控制評價報告》) which
will be published on the SSE website and the“Responsibility Statement on Internal Control and Development
of Internal Control System ”,“ Development of Compliance Management System of the Company ”and
“Progress of Audit”under this Chapter on the same date of this report.


 (VIII) Management of inside information

       The Company has formulated certain management systems for information disclosure and relevant
 inside information and established an operating mechanism for managing inside information in accordance
 with regulatory requirements. The confidentiality and registration of inside information are regulated based
 on the Confidentiality System of Inside Information (《 內 幕 信 息 保 密 制 度 》) and the Registration System
 for Persons with Inside Information (《 內幕信息知情人登記制度》) to enhance the level of confidentiality
 and the management of insiders. According to the Information Disclosure System (《 信息披露制度》) and
 the Material Information Internal Report System (《 重 大 信 息 內 部 報 告 制 度 》), the content, procedure,
 management and responsibility of information disclosure are clarified, internal collection and management
 of major information are refined through the appointment of contact persons for internal reporting of
 major information at each of the departments, branches and subsidiaries and timely collection and standard
 management of the Company’s significant inside information is safeguarded. According to Investor Relations
 Management System (《 投資者關係管理制度》), information disclosure shall be made on a fair basis. The
 operating mechanism for managing inside information covers all key aspects of controlling inside information
 including the collection, circulation, verification, confidentiality and fair disclosure. The Company ensures the
 effectiveness of such mechanism by enhancing the training system, defining the duty requirements, upholding
 accountability and improving the awareness of information disclosure.


 (IX) Amendments to the Articles of Association

       On May 19, 2020, the resolution regarding the amendments to the Articles of Association of China
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. was considered and approved at the 2019 annual general meeting. On
 December 14, 2020, the resolution regarding the change of the Company’s registered capital and the
 amendments to the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. was considered and
 approved at the third meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company. On December 24, 2020,
 the Company has completed procedures of the industrial and commercial registration for the change of
 registered capital and the filing and registration of the Articles of Association.
     For details, please refer to the relevant announcements dated March 29, April 28, May 19, May 20,
 December 14 and December 24, 2020 published on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             215
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds


I.         General Information of Corporate Bonds

           As at the date of approval of this report, the details of the outstanding corporate bonds are as follows:
                                                                                                                                          Unit: Hundred million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                       Date of                                               Payment of                  Triggering and     Eligibility
                                                                                                                        Date of      Remaining   Interest                      Trading
                                Name                                     Abbreviation       Code        issue                                               principal and                implementation     of
                                                                                                                        expiry        balance    rate (%)                       place
                                                                                                      completed                                                interest                  of special terms   investors
  The 2012 Corporate Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.       12 China
                                                                                                                                                            Annual payment                                  Offering to
  (10-Year Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司2012年公司債券（10年                            Merchants 03    122234.SH   March 5, 2013   March 5, 2023     55.00        5.15                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                            of interest                                     investors
  期）)                                                                    (12招商03)
  The 2014 Corporate Bonds publicly issued by China Merchants            14 China
                                                                                                                                                            Annual payment                                  Offering to
  Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司公開發行2014年公司債                           Merchants Bonds 122374.SH   May 26, 2015    May 26, 2025      55.00        5.08                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                            of interest                                     investors
  券)                                                                     (14招商債)
 The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors                                                                                      Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G3    143627.SH   June 12, 2018   June 12, 2021     10.00        4.78                       SSE       Nil                qualified
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券                                                                                                                            of interest
                                                                         (18招商G3)                                                                                                                           investors
 （第二期）（品種二）)
  The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
  by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors                                                                                            Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G5    143712.SH   July 18, 2018   July 18, 2021     25.00        4.38                       SSE       Nil                qualified
  (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券                                                                                                                           of interest
                                                                         (18招商G5)                                                                                                                           investors
  (第三期)(品種二))
 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors                               August 8,       August 8,                              Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G6    143392.SH                                     30.00        3.94                       SSE       Nil                qualified
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券                                                                     2018            2021                                   of interest
                                                                         (18招商G6)                                                                                                                           investors
 （第四期）（品種一）)
 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued
                                                                         18 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors                                      September 7,    September 7,                           Annual payment
                                                                         Merchants G8    143762.SH                                     18.00        4.23                       SSE       Nil                qualified
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司債券                                                                     2018            2021                                   of interest
                                                                         (18招商G8)                                                                                                                           investors
 （第五期）（品種一）)
  The 2019 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China      19 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
                                                                                                                                                            Annual payment
  Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份          Merchants G1    155208.SH   March 8, 2019   March 8, 2022     15.00        3.59                       SSE       Nil                qualified
                                                                                                                                                            of interest
  有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2019年公司債券（第一期）)                                         (19招商G1)                                                                                                                           investors
  The 2020 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China      20 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
                                                                                                                                                            Annual payment
  Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股        Merchants G1    163757.SH   July 22, 2020   July 22, 2023     30.00        3.55                       SSE       Nil                professional
                                                                                                                                                            of interest
  份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第一期）)                                        (20招商G1)                                                                                                                           investors
  The 2020 Type Two Short-term Corporate Bonds (first tranche)                                                                                              One-off payment
                                                                         20 China                                                                                                                           Offering to
  publicly issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                of principal and
                                                                         Merchants S2    163814.SH   July 28, 2020   May 14, 2021      21.00        2.85                       SSE       Nil                professional
  professional investors (招商證券股份有限公司2020年面向專業投資                                                                                                             interest upon
                                                                         (20招商S2)                                                                                                                           investors
  者公開發行短期公司債券（第一期）（品種二）)                                                                                                                                    expiry
  The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly            20 China                                                                           One-off payment
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Offering to
  issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional         Merchants                   August 13,      August 26,                             of principal and
                                                                                         163924.SH                                     18.00        2.93                       SSE       Nil                professional
  investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年                                  Securities G2               2020            2021                                   interest upon
                                                                                                                                                                                                            investors
  公司債券（第二期）（品種一）)                                                        (20招證G2)                                                                           expiry
  The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly            20 China
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Offering to
  issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional         Merchants                   August 13,      August 13,                             Annual payment
                                                                                         163925.SH                                     30.00        3.50                       SSE       Nil                professional
  investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年                                  Securities G3               2020            2023                                   of interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                            investors
  公司債券（第二期）（品種二）)                                                        (20招證G3)
 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued       20 China
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Offering to
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors       Merchants                   September 21,   September 21,                          Annual payment
                                                                                         175174.SH                                     29.00        3.55                       SSE       Nil                professional
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券                                         Securities G4               2020            2022                                   of interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                            investors
 （第三期）（品種一）)                                                             (20招證G4)
 The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued       20 China
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Offering to
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors       Merchants                   September 21,   September 21,                          Annual payment
                                                                                         175175.SH                                     29.00        3.78                       SSE       Nil                professional
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券                                         Securities G5               2020            2023                                   of interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                            investors
 （第三期）（品種二）)                                                             (20招證G5)
 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued      20 China
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Offering to
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors       Merchants                   October 26,     October 26,                            Annual payment
                                                                                         175292.SH                                     30.00        3.43                       SSE       Nil                professional
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券                                         Securities G6               2020            2022                                   of interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                            investors
 （第四期）（品種一）)                                                             (20招證G6)

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

216
                                                                                                                                                Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



                                                                                                      Date of                                                Payment of                   Triggering and       Eligibility
                                                                                                                       Date of      Remaining   Interest                      Trading
                               Name                                     Abbreviation       Code        issue                                                principal and                 implementation       of
                                                                                                                       expiry        balance    rate (%)                       place
                                                                                                     completed                                                 interest                   of special terms     investors
The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued      20 China
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors       Merchants                   October 26,     October 26,                            Annual payment
                                                                                        175293.SH                                      10.00       3.63                       SSE         Nil                  professional
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券                                         Securities G7               2020            2023                                   of interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
（第四期）（品種二）)                                                             (20招證G7)
The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued       21 China
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors       Merchants                   January 18,     January 18,                            Annual payment
                                                                                        175637.SH                                      15.00       3.24                       SSE         Nil                  professional
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券                                         Securities G1               2021            2023                                   of interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
（第一期）（品種一）)                                                             (21招證G1)
The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued       21 China
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors       Merchants                   January 18,     January 18,                            Annual payment
                                                                                        175638.SH                                      45.00       3.53                       SSE         Nil                  professional
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券                                         Securities G2               2021            2024                                   of interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
（第一期）（品種二）)                                                             (21招證G2)
                                                                        21 China
 The 2021 Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                                                            Offering to
                                                                        Merchants                   January 28,     January 28,                            Annual payment
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股                        175715.SH                                      14.00       3.58                       SSE         Nil                  professional
                                                                        Securities G3               2021            2024                                   of interest
 份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第二期）)                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                        (21招證G3)
 The 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued    21 China                                                                           One-off payment
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors      Merchants                   February 3,     January 19,                            of principal and
                                                                                        163865.SH                                      42.00       3.25                       SSE         Nil                  professional
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司                                        Securities S1               2021            2022                                   interest upon
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
 債券（第一期）)                                                               (21招證S1)                                                                           expiry
                                                                                                                                                                              Hong
Foreign Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.                                               January 21,     January 21,     USD 300
                                                                                                                                                           Payment of
                                                                                                                                                                              Kong
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
(Three-Year Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司境外債券                                   CMSEC N2301     40129.HK
                                                                                                    2020            2023              million
                                                                                                                                                  2.625    interest every
                                                                                                                                                                              Stock
                                                                                                                                                                                          Nil                  qualified
（三年期）)                                                                                                                                                     half year
                                                                                                                                                                              Exchange
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors

                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (first tranche) of               17 China
                                                                                                    February17,     February 17,                           Annual payment                                      qualified
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限                         Merchants Y1    145340.SH
                                                                                                    2017            2022
                                                                                                                                       40.00       5.18
                                                                                                                                                           of interest
                                                                                                                                                                              SSE
                                                                                                                                                                                                               institutional
 公司2017年永續次級債券（第一期）)                                                    (17招商Y1)                                                                                                          The issuer shall
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                                                          have the option
                                                                                                                                                                                          of renewal, and      Offering to
 The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (second tranche) of China        17 China                                                                                                          the investors
                                                                                                                                                           Annual payment                                      qualified
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續                      Merchants Y2    145371.SH   March 3, 2017   March 3, 2022      50.00       5.15                       SSE         shall not have the
                                                                                                                                                           of interest                                         institutional
 次級債券（第二期）)                                                             (17招商Y2)                                                                                                          option of resale;    investors
                                                                                                                                                                                          the issuer shall
                                                                                                                                                                                          have the option      Offering to
 The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (third tranche) of China         17 China
                                                                                                                                                           Annual payment                 of deferring         qualified
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續                      Merchants Y3    145545.SH   May 22, 2017    May 22, 2022       37.00       5.65                       SSE
                                                                                                                                                           of interest                    payment of           institutional
 次級債券（第三期）)                                                             (17招商Y3)
                                                                                                                                                                                          interest. The        investors
                                                                                                                                                                                          options have not
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (fourth tranche) of China        17 China                                                                                                          been exercised.
                                                                                                                                                           Annual payment                                      qualified
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續                      Merchants Y4    145579.SH   June 19, 2017   June 19, 2022      23.00       5.58                       SSE
                                                                                                                                                           of interest                                         institutional
 次級債券（第四期）)                                                             (17招商Y4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
 The 2020 Type One Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) publicly          20 China                                                                                                                               Offering to
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional         Merchants                   December 3,                                            Annual payment                                      professional
                                                                                        175515.SH                   June 3, 2023       44.30       4.38                       SSE         Nil
 investors(招商證券股份有限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行                                   Securities C1               2020                                                   of interest                                         institutional
 次級債券（第一期）（品種一）)                                                        (20招證C1)                                                                                                                               investors
 The 2020 Type Two Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) publicly          20 China                                                                                                                               Offering to
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional         Merchants                   December 3,     December 3,                            Annual payment                                      professional
                                                                                        175516.SH                                      10.70       4.43                       SSE         Nil
 investors(招商證券股份有限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行                                   Securities C2               2020            2023                                   of interest                                         institutional
 次級債券（第一期）（品種二）)                                                        (20招證C2)                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                        21 China
 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                                                          Offering to
                                                                        Merchants                   January 27,     January 27,                            Annual payment
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股                        175705.SH                                      48.00       3.95                       SSE         Nil                  professional
                                                                        Securities C1               2021            2024                                   of interest
 份有限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）)                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                        (21招證C1)
The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued            21 China                                                                                                                               Offering to
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors       Merchants                                                                          Annual payment                                      Professional
                                                                                        175813.SH   March 9, 2021   March 9, 2024      60.00       3.95                       SSE         Nil
(招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券                                         Securities C2                                                                      of interest                                         institutional
（第二期）)                                                                  (21招證C2)                                                                                                                               investors




                                                                                                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   217
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



                                                                                                        Date of                                                 Payment of                  Triggering and     Eligibility
                                                                                                                          Date of       Remaining   Interest                      Trading
                                Name                                       Abbreviation      Code        issue                                                 principal and                implementation     of
                                                                                                                          expiry         balance    rate (%)                       place
                                                                                                       completed                                                  interest                  of special terms   investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2018 Corporate Bonds (seventh tranche) privately issued by           18 China
                                                                                                      December 5,      December 5,                             Annual payment                                  qualified
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2018年                    Merchants F10   150930.SH                                       25.00        4.15                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                      2018             2021                                    of interest                                     institutional
 非公開發行公司債券（第七期）)                                                          (18招F10)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2019 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) privately             19 China
                                                                                                                                                               Annual payment                                  qualified
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限                  Merchants F3    151412.SH   April 10, 2019   April 10, 2021     17.00        3.85                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                               of interest                                     institutional
 公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）（品種一）)                                              (19招商F3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) privately             19 China
                                                                                                                                                               Annual payment                                  qualified
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限                 Merchants F4    151413.SH   April 10, 2019   April 10, 2022     36.00        4.00                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                               of interest                                     institutional
 公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）（品種二）)                                              (19招商F4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2019 Type One Corporate Bonds (third tranche) privately issued       19 China
                                                                                                                                                               Annual payment                                  qualified
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限公司2019                   Merchants F5    151495.SH   April 25, 2019   April 25, 2021     20.00        4.08                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                               of interest                                     institutional
 年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）（品種一）)                                                    (19招商F5)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) privately issued       19 China
                                                                                                                                                               Annual payment                                  qualified
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限公司2019                   Merchants F6    151496.SH   April 25, 2019   April 25, 2022     40.00        4.28                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                               of interest                                     institutional
 年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）（品種二）)                                                    (19招商F6)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) privately             19 China
                                                                                                                                                               Annual payment                                  qualified
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限                  Merchants F8    151600.SH   May 29, 2019     May 29, 2021       40.00        3.78                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                               of interest                                     institutional
 公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第四期）（品種二）)                                              (19招商F8)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                               One-off
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) privately             20 China                                                                             payment of
                                                                                                      March 25,                                                                                                qualified
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限                  Merchants F3    166414.SH                    April 14, 2021     20.00        2.65    principal and      SSE       Nil
                                                                                                      2020                                                                                                     institutional
 公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）（品種一）)                                              (20招商F3)                                                                             interest upon
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                               expiry
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) privately             20 China
                                                                                                      March 25,        March 25,                               Annual payment                                  qualified
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限                  Merchants F4    166415.SH                                       15.00        2.85                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                      2020             2022                                    of interest                                     institutional
 公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）（品種二）)                                              (20招商F4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                                                               One-off payment                                 Offering to
 The 2020 Corporate Bonds (third tranche) privately issued by China       20 China
                                                                                                                                                               of principal and                                qualified
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限公司2020年非公開發                       Merchants F5    166701.SH   May 25, 2020     June 9, 2021        30.00       2.00                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                               interest upon                                   institutional
 行公司債券（第三期）)                                                              (20招商F5)
                                                                                                                                                               expiry                                          investors
                                                                                                                                                               One-off payment                                 Offering to
 The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) privately issued      20 China
                                                                                                                                                               of principal and                                qualified
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限公司2020年                  Merchants F6    166996.SH   June 11, 2020    July 8, 2021        20.00       2.63                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                               interest upon                                   institutional
 非公開發行公司債券（第四期）              （品種一）)                                       (20招商F6)
                                                                                                                                                               expiry                                          investors
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Offering to
 The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) privately issued by   20 China
                                                                                                                                                               Annual payment                                  qualified
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限公司2020年非                    Merchants F7    166997.SH   June 11, 2020    June 11, 2022       40.00       3.15                       SSE       Nil
                                                                                                                                                               of interest                                     institutional
 公開發行公司債券（第四期）             （品種二）)                                         (20招商F7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               investors
                                                                          21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to
 The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds (first tranche) privately issued
                                                                          Merchants                   February 26,     August 26,                              Annual payment                                  qualified
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                      177972.SH                                       25.00        3.55                       SSE       Nil
                                                                          Securities F1               2021             2022                                    of interest                                     institutional
 2021年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）（品種一）)
                                                                          (21招證F1)                                                                                                                             investors
                                                                          21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to
 The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds (first tranche) privately issued
                                                                          Merchants                   February 26,     August 26,                              Annual payment                                  qualified
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                      177973.SH                                       75.00        3.85                       SSE       Nil
                                                                          Securities F2               2021             2023                                    of interest                                     institutional
 2021年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）（品種二）
                                                                          (21招證F2)                                                                                                                             investors

           Note: The coupon rate for the first five interest-bearing years (the first repricing cycle) of the perpetual
                 subordinated bonds is determined through bookkeeping and filing, and shall remain unchanged during
                 the first five interest-bearing years. Since the sixth interest-bearing year, the coupon rate shall be re-
                 determined every 5 years. The coupon rate for the repricing cycle is the benchmark interest rate plus
                 the initial spread plus 300 basis points. The initial spread is the difference between the coupon rate and
                 the benchmark interest rate in the first repricing cycle.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

218
                                                                                                                      Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



        Payment of interest and principal of corporate bonds during the Reporting Period


                                                                                                                                                        Payment of interest
                                                                                                                                            Amount
                                                                                                  Issue completion                                       and principal and
                             Name                                    Abbreviation        Code                            Date of expiry    (RMB100
                                                                                                         date                                           implementation of
                                                                                                                                            million)
                                                                                                                                                           special clause

The 2012 Corporate Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                                   12 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
Ltd. (10-Year Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司2012年公司債券                                          122234.SH   March 5, 2013        March 5, 2023             55
                                                                   03 (12招商03)                                                                         full as scheduled
（10年期）)

 The 2014 Corporate Bonds publicly issued by China Merchants
                                                                   14 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司公開發行2014年                                            122374.SH   May 26, 2015         May 26, 2025              55
                                                                   Bonds (14招商債)                                                                       full as scheduled
 公司債券)

 The 2017 Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors    17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143342.SH   October 23, 2017     October 23, 2020        10.6
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2017年公司債                                    G2 (17招商G2)                                                                         full as scheduled
 券（第二期）)

 The 2017 Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors       17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143369.SH   October 31, 2017     October 31, 2020          10
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2017年公司                                     G3 (17招商G3)                                                                         full as scheduled
 債券（第三期）)

 The 2018 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors       18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143460.SH   February 5, 2018     February 5, 2021        19.4
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018年公司                                     G1 (18招商G1)                                                                         full as scheduled
 債券（第一期）)

 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified       18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143626.SH   June 12, 2018        June 12, 2020             20
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                              G2 (18招商G2)                                                                         full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第二期）       （品種一）)

 The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified       18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143627.SH   June 12, 2018        June 12, 2021             10
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                              G3 (18招商G3)                                                                         full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第二期）       （品種二）)

 The 2018 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified       18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143712.SH   July 18, 2018        July 18, 2021             25
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                              G5 (18招商G5)                                                                         full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第三期）       （品種二）)

 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified       18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143392.SH   August 8, 2018       August 8, 2021            30
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                              G6 (18招商G6)                                                                         full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第四期）       （品種一）)

 The 2018 Type One Corporate Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified       18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      143762.SH   September 7, 2018    September 7, 2021         18
 investors (招商證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2018                              G8 (18招商G8)                                                                         full as scheduled
 年公司債券（第五期）       （品種一）)

 The 2019 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商   19 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
                                                                                      155208.SH   March 8, 2019        March 8, 2022          15.00
 證券股份有限公司面向合格投資者公開發行2019年公司債券(第                                    G1 (19招商G1)                                                                         full as scheduled
 一期))




                                                                                                                                                   2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                        219
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



                                                                                                                                                       Payment of interest
                                                                                                                                          Amount
                                                                                                 Issue completion                                       and principal and
                            Name                                    Abbreviation        Code                           Date of expiry    (RMB100
                                                                                                        date                                           implementation of
                                                                                                                                          million)
                                                                                                                                                          special clause

 The 2018 Corporate Bonds (seventh tranche) privately issued
                                                                  18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有限公司                                  150930.SH   December 5, 2018    December 5, 2021       25.00
                                                                  F10 (18招F10)                                                                        full as scheduled
 2018年非公開發行公司債券（第七期）)

 The 2019 Type One Corporate Bonds (second tranche) privately
                                                                  19 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                             151412.SH   April 10, 2019      April 10, 2021         17.00
                                                                  F3 (19招商F3)                                                                         full as scheduled
 限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）                     （品種一）)

 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) privately
                                                                  19 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                             151413.SH   April 10, 2019      April 10, 2022         36.00
                                                                  F4 (19招商F4)                                                                         full as scheduled
 限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）                     （品種二）)

 The 2019 Type One Corporate Bonds (third tranche) privately
                                                                  19 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                             151495.SH   April 25, 2019      April 25, 2021         20.00
                                                                  F5 (19招商F5)                                                                         full as scheduled
 限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）                     （品種一）)

 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) privately
                                                                  19 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.(招商證券股份有                              151496.SH   April 25, 2019      April 25, 2022         40.00
                                                                  F6 (19招商F6)                                                                         full as scheduled
 限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）                    （品種二）)

 The 2019 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) privately
                                                                  19 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有                             151600.SH   May 29, 2019        May 29, 2021           40.00
                                                                  F8 (19招商F8)                                                                         full as scheduled
 限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第四期）                     （品種二）)

The 2018 subordinated bonds (first tranche) of China Merchants
                                                                  18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2018年次級債券                                            150078.SH   January 12, 2018    January 12, 2020         16.4
                                                                  C1 (18招商C1)                                                                         full as scheduled
（第一期）)

 The 2018 subordinated bonds (second tranche) of China
                                                                  18 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2018年                                     150097.SH   January 22, 2018    January 22, 2020         51.5
                                                                  C2 (18招商C2)                                                                         full as scheduled
 次級債券（第二期）)

 The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (first tranche) of China
                                                                  17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年                                     145340.SH   February 17, 2017   February 17, 2022          40
                                                                  Y1 (17招商Y1)                                                                         full as scheduled
 永續次級債券（第一期）)

 The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (second tranche) of
                                                                  17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                    145371.SH   March 3, 2017       March 3, 2022              50
                                                                  Y2 (17招商Y2)                                                                         full as scheduled
 2017年永續次級債券（第二期）)

 The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (third tranche) of China
                                                                  17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年                                     145545.SH   May 22, 2017        May 22, 2022               37
                                                                  Y3 (17招商Y3)                                                                         full as scheduled
 永續次級債券（第三期）)

 The 2017 perpetual subordinated bonds (fourth tranche) of
                                                                  17 China Merchants                                                                  Payment of interest in
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司                                    145579.SH   June 19, 2017       June 19, 2022              23
                                                                  Y4 (17招商Y4)                                                                         full as scheduled
 2017年永續次級債券（第四期）)

 Foreign Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Three-                                                                            USD 0.3     Payment of interest in
                                                                  CMSEC N2301        40129.HK    January 21, 2020    January 21, 2023
 Year Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司境外債券（三年期）)                                                                                                       billion   full as scheduled




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

220
                                                                          Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



      Details of the issuance of other corporate bonds

       In March 2019, the Company received the No Objection Letter for the Offer for Sale of Corporate Bonds
 Privately Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2019] No. 523) (《關於對招商證
 券股份有限公司非公開發行公司債券掛牌轉讓無異議的函》                                （ 上證函[2019] 523號）) from the Shanghai Stock
 Exchange, pursuant to which the Shanghai Stock Exchange has no objection to the offer for sale of corporate
 bonds privately issued by the Company to qualified investors in the amount of no more than RMB45 billion.
 From 2020 to the date of approval for the publication of this report, the Company had privately issued a total
 of five tranches of corporate bonds pursuant to the No Objection Letter and raised proceeds of RMB25.5
 billion.
        In July 2020, the Company received the Approval on Registration for Public Offering of Corporate
  Bonds by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. To Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 1322)
 (《 關於同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行公司債券註冊的批覆》                                                 （ 證監許可[2020] 1322號)
  from the CSRC, pursuant to which the CSRC approved the Company’s public offering of corporate bonds to
  professional investors with total face value of no more than RMB25.0 billion under terms over one year, and
  approved its public offering of short-term corporate bonds with face value balance of no more than RMB10.0
  billion. From 2020 to the date of approval for the publication of this report, the Company had issued a total of
  six tranches of corporate bonds with terms over one year with proceeds of RMB25.0 billion, and two tranches
  of short-term corporate bonds with proceeds of RMB6.3 billion pursuant to the above Approval.
      In November 2020, the Company received the Approval on Registration for Public Offering of
Subordinated Corporate Bonds by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. To Professional Investors (Zheng Jian
Xu Ke [2020] No. 3138) (《關於同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行次級公司債券註冊的批覆》
（證監許可[2020] 3138號）) from the CSRC, pursuant to which the CSRC approved the Company’s public
offering of subordinated corporate bonds to professional investors with total face value of no more than
RMB30.0 billion. From 2020 to the date of approval for the publication of this report, the Company had issued
a total of three tranches of subordinated corporate bonds with proceeds of RMB16.3 billion pursuant to the
above Approval.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            221
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



II.   Contact Person and Contact Details of the Trustees in Corporate Bonds and
      Contact Details of the Credit Rating Agencies

     As at the date of approval of this report, the contact person and contact details of the Trustees in
corporate bonds and contact details of the credit rating agencies are as follows:

                           Name                Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.

                                               26/F, CTS Tower, 4011 Shennan Road, Futian District,
                           Office address
                                               Shenzhen, the PRC
 Trustee
                           Contact person      XU Shengcheng (徐晟程)
                           Contact number      0755-82492010

                           Bonds under trust   12 China Merchants 03

                           Name                Everbright Securities Co., Ltd.

                                               51/F & 53/F, Tower One, Hang Lung Plaza, No. 1266 West
                           Office address
                                               Nanjing Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai, the PRC

                           Contact person      XUE Jiang (薛江), HUANG Liang (黃亮), XING Yiwei (邢一唯)
                           Contact number      021-52523222, 021-52523023

                                               14 China Merchants Bonds, 18 China Merchants G3, 18 China
 Trustees                                      Merchants G5, 18 China Merchants G6, 18 China Merchants
                                               G8, 19 China Merchants G1, 20 China Merchants G1, 20
                                               China Merchants S2, 20 China Merchants Securities G2, 20
                                               China Merchants Securities G3, 20 China Merchants Securities
                           Bonds under trust
                                               G4, 20 China Merchants Securities G5, 20 China Merchants
                                               Securities G6, 20 China Merchants Securities G7, 21 China
                                               Merchants Securities G1, 21 China Merchants Securities
                                               G2, 21 China Merchants Securities G3, 21 China Merchants
                                               Securities S1

                           Name                Essence Securities Co., Ltd.

                                               9/F, Tower 1, China Phoenix Building, 2008 Shennan Road,
                           Office address
                                               Shenzhen, the PRC

                           Contact person      XU Yingjie (徐英傑)
                           Contact number      0755-82558264
 Trustees
                                               18 China Merchants F10, 19 China Merchants F3, 19 China
                                               Merchants F4, 19 China Merchants F5, 19 China Merchants
                                               F6, 19 China Merchants F8, 20 China Merchants F3, 20 China
                           Bonds under trust
                                               Merchants F4, 20 China Merchants F5, 20 China Merchants
                                               F6, 20 China Merchants F7, 21 China Merchants Securities F1,
                                               21 China Merchants Securities F2




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

222
                                                                    Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds




                       Name                China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd.
                                           11/F, Qinghai Finance Building, No. 8 Ying Street, Fengtai
                       Office address
                                           District, Beijing, the PRC
Trustees               Contact person      XU Jinjun (許進軍)
                       Contact number      010-80927270
                                           17 China Merchants Y1, 17 China Merchants Y2, 17 China
                       Bonds under trust
                                           Merchants Y3, 17 China Merchants Y4
                       Name                CITIC Securities Company Limited
                                           North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza II, No. 8 Zhongxin San
                       Office address
                                           Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,Guangdong, the PRC
                       Contact person      FENG Yuan (馮源)
Trustees
                       Contact number      0755-23835062
                                           20 China Merchants Securities C1, 20 China Merchants
                       Bonds under trust   Securities C2, 21 China Merchants Securities C1, 21 China
                                           Merchants Securities C2
                       Name                Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd.
Credit rating agency   Office address      13/F, Huasheng Building, No. 398 Hankou Road, Shanghai
                       Bonds rated         12 China Merchants 03, 14 China Merchants Bonds
                       Name                China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd.
                                           Building 6, Galaxy SOHO, No. 2 Nanzhugan Hutong,
                       Office address
                                           Chaoyangmennei Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing, the PRC
                                           18 China Merchants G3, 18 China Merchants G5, 18 China
                                           Merchants G6, 18 China Merchants G8, 19 China Merchants
                                           G1, 20 China Merchants G1, 20 China Merchants Securities
                                           G2, 20 China Merchants Securities G3, 20 China Merchants
                                           Securities G4, 20 China Merchants Securities G5, 20 China
                                           Merchants Securities G6, 20 China Merchants Securities
                                           G7, 21 China Merchants Securities G1, 21 China Merchants
Credit rating agency
                                           Securities G2, 21 China Merchants Securities G3, 20 China
                                           Merchants Securities C1, 20 China Merchants Securities
                       Bonds rated
                                           C2, 21 China Merchants Securities C1, 21 China Merchants
                                           Securities C2, 18 China Merchants F10, 19 China Merchants
                                           F3, 19 China Merchants F4, 19 China Merchants F5, 19 China
                                           Merchants F6, 19 China Merchants F8, 20 China Merchants
                                           F3, 20 China Merchants F4, 20 China Merchants F5, 20 China
                                           Merchants F6, 20 China Merchants F7, 21 China Merchants
                                           Securities F1, 21 China Merchants Securities F2, 17 China
                                           Merchants Y1, 17 China Merchants Y2, 17 China Merchants
                                           Y3, 17 China Merchants Y4

   Others:
   During the Reporting Period, none of the above corporate bonds incurred any change to their trustees.

                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                       223
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



      The original rating agency of the publicly issued corporate bonds “18 China Merchants G3”, “18 China
Merchants G5”, “18 China Merchants G6”, “18 China Merchants G8” and “19 China Merchants G1”,
privately issued corporate bonds “18 China Merchants F10”, “19 China Merchants F3”, “19 China Merchants
F4”, “19 China Merchants F5”, “19 China Merchants F6” and “19 China Merchants F8” and perpetual
subordinated bonds “17 China Merchants Y1”, “17 China Merchants Y2”, “17 China Merchants Y3” and
“17 China Merchants Y4” is CCXR. In February 2020, CCXR received the Approval for China Chengxin
International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. to Engage in Credit Rating Business in the Securities Market (Zheng Jian
Xu Ke [2020] No. 267) (《 關於核准中誠信國際信用評級有限責任公司從事證券市場資信評級業務的批覆》                                             （證
監許可[2020] 267號）) from the CSRC, pursuant to which CCXR ceased to engage in credit rating business in
the securities market with effect from February 26, 2020. The credit rating business in the securities market
undertaken by CCXR has been carried on by CCXI, its sole shareholder. The rating agency of the above bonds
has been changed to CCXI. The change in the rating agency has no significant impact on the Company’s
solvency and the payment of principal and interest on the relevant bonds.


III. Use of Proceeds from the Issuance of Corporate Bonds

(I)   Procedures for the supervision over and the use of proceeds from the issuance of corporate
      bonds

      As required by relevant laws and regulations, the Company centralizes the management of proceeds
from the issuance of corporate bonds, which practically ensures such proceeds to be used as prescribed in
relevant prospectus. The Company has established a sound capital management regime and an effective
internal financial control system, and formulated the “Administrative Measures for the Use of Proceeds from
Issuance of Corporate Bonds” (《債券募集資金使用管理辦法》) to govern the management and use of the
proceeds. The trustees and proceeds supervision banks fulfill their regulatory duties in respect of the use of
proceeds pursuant to regulatory provisions and contractual agreements.
      Proceeds from the issuance of corporate bonds shall be used under the following approval procedures:
      1.   The Company files an application for using the proceeds according to the purposes of use
           prescribed in relevant prospectus, and then after the application is approved by competent
           approver in line with the authorization system described in the Rules on Authorization of
           Proprietary Money Appropriation, the Company sends a proceeds transfer instruction to the
           proceeds supervision bank;
      2.   The supervision bank examines the proceeds transfer instruction from the Company, and effect
           the proceeds transfer if the use of proceeds is confirmed to be consistent with that prescribed in
           relevant prospectus;
      3.   The supervision bank issues to the Company the automatic record and bank receipt regarding the
           transaction involving the supervised account, and notifies the trustee.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

224
                                                                      Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



(II)   Use of proceeds from the issuance of corporate bonds

      As of the date of approval for publication of this annual report,, all proceeds from the issuance of
perpetual corporate bonds have been utilized. The actual uses of proceeds are consistent with that prescribed
in relevant prospectuses, application plans and other agreements. The details are as follows:
     Proceeds from the public issuance of corporate bonds, namely “12 China Merchants 03” and “14 China
Merchants Bonds”, have been used in full for replenishment of the Company’s working capital as per the
relevant agreement under the prospectuses.
     Proceeds from the public issuance of corporate bonds by the Company to qualified investors (namely “18
China Merchants G3”, “18 China Merchants G5”, “18 China Merchants G6”, “18 China Merchants G8” and
“19 China Merchants G1”), and the public issuance of corporate bonds to professional investors (namely “20
China Merchants G1”, “20 China Merchants Securities G2”, “20 China Merchants Securities G3”, “20 China
Merchants Securities G4”, “20 China Merchants Securities G5”, “20 China Merchants Securities G6”, “20
China Merchants Securities G7”, “21 China Merchants Securities G1”, “21 China Merchants Securities G2”
and “21 China Merchants Securities G3”) have been used in full for replenishment of the Company’s liquidity
as per the relevant agreement under the prospectuses. The special account set for proceeds from issuance of
corporate bonds has been under normal operation.
      Proceeds from public issuance of short-term corporate bonds by the Company to professional investors,
namely “20 China Merchants S2” and “21 China Merchants Securities S1”, have been used in full for
repayment of debts in due as per the relevant agreement under the prospectuses, and the special account set
for such proceeds has been under normal operation..
      Proceeds from public issuance of subordinated bonds by the Company to professional investors, namely
“20 China Merchants Securities C1”, “20 China Merchants Securities C2”, “21 China Merchants Securities
C1” and “21 China Merchants Securities C2”, have been used in full for replenishment of the Company’s
liquidity as per the relevant agreement under the prospectuses, and the special account set for such proceeds
has been under normal operation.
     Proceeds from private issuance of perpetual subordinated bonds by the Company, namely “17 China
Merchants Y1”, “17 China Merchants Y2”, “17 China Merchants Y3” and “17 China Merchants Y4”,
have been used in full for replenishment of the working capital as per the relevant agreement under the
prospectuses, and the special account set for such proceeds has been under normal operation.
     Proceeds from private issuance of corporate bonds by the Company, namely “18 China Merchants F10”,
have been used in full for replenishment of the Company’s liquidity as per the relevant agreement under the
prospectus, and the special account set for such proceeds has been under normal operation.
     Proceeds from private issuance of corporate bonds by the Company, namely “19 China Merchants F3”,
“19 China Merchants F4”, “19 China Merchants F5”, “19 China Merchants F6”, “19 China Merchants F8”,
“20 China Merchants F3”, “20 China Merchants F4”, “20 China Merchants F5”, “20 China Merchants F6”;
“20 China Merchants F7” “21 China Merchants Securities F1” and “21 China Merchants Securities F2”, have
been used in full for repayment of corporate bonds and other debt financing instruments in due as per the
relevant agreement under the prospectuses, and the special account set for such proceeds has been under
normal operation.




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                        225
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



IV. Rating of Corporate Bonds

     During the Reporting Period, the Company was granted AAA credit ratings both as an issuer of bonds
and as an issuer of debt financing instruments in domestic market unanimously, and no difference exists
between the rating results. None of credit rating agencies conducted any irregular follow-up rating in respect
of the Company and its bonds. The regular follow-up ratings of the Company are as follows:
     On April 24, 2020, Shanghai Brilliance issued the Follow-Up Rating Report on China Merchants Securities
Co., Ltd. and its Corporate Bonds 12 China Merchants 03 and 14 China Merchants Bonds. As set out in the
report, the overall credit rating of the Company remained at AAA with stable outlook, and the credit ratings
of “12 China Merchants 03” and “14 China Merchants Bonds” remained at AAA.
     On April 24, 2020, CCXI issued the Follow-Up Rating Report on Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds by
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors in 2017, 2018 and 2019 (2020). As set out in the
report, the overall credit rating of the Company remained at AAA with stable outlook, and the debt credit
ratings of “17 China Merchants G2”, “17 China Merchants G3”, “18 China Merchants G1”, “18 China
Merchants G2”, “18 China Merchants G3”, “18 China Merchants G5”, “18 China Merchants G6”, “18 China
Merchants G8” and “19 China Merchants G1” remained at AAA.
      On April 24, 2020, CCXI issued the Follow-Up Rating Report on Perpetual Subordinated Bonds and
Private Issuance of Corporate Bonds by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. for 2020. As set out in the report,
the overall credit rating of the Company remained at AAA with stable outlook, the debt credit ratings of “17
China Merchants Y1”, “17 China Merchants Y2”, “17 China Merchants Y3” and “17 China Merchants Y4”
remained at AA+, and the debt credit rating of “18 China Merchants F10”, “19 China Merchants F3”, “19
China Merchants F4”, “19 China Merchants F5”, “19 China Merchants F6”, “19 China Merchants F8”, “20
China Merchants F1”, “20 China Merchants F3” and “20 China Merchants F4” remained at AAA.
     During the subsistence period of our corporate bonds, credit rating agencies will complete the regular
follow-up rating for the year within two months upon release of relevant annual reports by the bond issuer
and bond guarantor (if any). Corresponding follow-up rating reports will be published on the website of SSE.
Investors are advised to pay attention.


V. Credit Enhancement Mechanism, Debt Repayment Plans and Other Relevant
   Information of the Corporate Bonds during the Reporting Period

     As at the date of approval for the publication of this report, based on the credit enhancement
mechanism, the existing bonds were issued without any guarantees. According to the repayment plans,
bonds with original maturity over one and a half year (including thereof) shall pay interest annually during the
duration of the bonds and the last installment of interest payment shall be paid together with the principal.
According to the repayment plans, bonds with original maturity within one and a half year shall pay principal
together with all interests upon maturity.
      During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the credit enhancement mechanism, debt
repayment plans and other repayment guarantee measures of the corporate bonds as compared with their
prospectuses. The Company had strictly complied with the requirements regarding repayment plans as
mentioned in the prospectuses and paid all interests and principal of the corporate bonds as scheduled and
disclosed relevant information on a timely basis in order to protect the legitimate interests of the investors.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

226
                                                                       Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



     The Company set up special account of debt repayment deposit for each tranche of bonds issued by
the Company in exchange during the Reporting Period, which is independent from other accounts of the
Company. The account only serves the purposes of interest payment, collection of payable amounts and
reception of bond proceeds as well as deposit and transfer, to the exclusion of any other purposes. The
Company deposits all amounts payable or maybe payable as principal and interests of bonds to the special
account of debt repayment deposit pursuant to relevant prospectuses and regulatory requirement.


VI. Duty Performance of the Trustees of Corporate Bonds

     During the Reporting Period, trustees in the bonds have carried out their duties according to the
requirements of relevant provisions of laws and regulations, as well as the provisions of the Bond Trusteeship
Management Agreement.
     Huatai United Securities issued the 2019 Trust Reports on the 2012 Corporate Bonds (10-Year Maturity)
of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. in April 2020.
     Everbright Securities issued the 2019 Trust Reports on the 2014 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued by
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. in April 2020, and issued the 2019 Trust Reports on the 2017 Corporate
Bonds (Second Tranche and Third Tranche) and the 2018 Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) Publicly Issued by
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors and the 2019 Trust Reports on the 2018 Corporate
Bonds (Second Tranche, Third Tranche, Fourth Tranche and Fifth Tranche) and 2019 Corporate Bonds (First
Tranche) Publicly Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Qualified Investors in June 2020.
     In June 2020, Essence Securities issued the 2019 Trust Reports on the Corporate Bonds Privately Issued
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
     In June 2020, China Galaxy issued the 2019 Trust Reports on the Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Issued
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
     Furthermore, trustees in the bonds, namely Huatai United Securities, Everbright Securities, Essence
Securities, China Galaxy and CITIC Securities, have issued the provisional trust reports according to the
requirements of relevant laws and regulations, as well as the provisions of the Bond Trusteeship Management
Agreement. For details, please see the relevant announcement made by the Company on the website of
Shanghai Stock Exchange.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         227
Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



VII. Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Last Two Years as at the
     End of the Reporting Period

                                                                       Unit: hundred million; currency; RMB

                                                                      Change           Reasons for
     Key indicators                     2020           2019
                                                                         (%)           the change

 EBITDA                                187.67        155.11              21.00              —

 Current ratio                           1.54          1.63              -5.24              —

 Quick ratio                             1.54          1.63              -5.24              —

                                                                increased by
 Gearing ratio (%)                      74.46         73.40 1.06 percentage                 —
                                                                      points

 EBITDA/debt ratio                       6.62          6.97              -5.01              —

 Interest coverage ratio                 2.65          2.41               9.65              —

                                                                                    Attributable to the
 Cash interest coverage                                                           decline in net cash flow
                                        -4.32          0.81                N/A
 ratio                                                                                 resulting from
                                                                                    operating activities

 EBITDA/interest
                                         2.73          2.50               9.35              —
 coverage ratio

 Loan repayment ratio
                                       100.00        100.00                 —               —
 (%)

 Interest payment ratio
                                       100.00        100.00                 —               —
 (%)



VIII. Principal and Interest Payments for Other Bonds and Debt Financing
      Instruments of the Company

      During the Report Period, other debts financing instruments of the Company included financing bonds,
financial bonds, asset-backed special program and principal of structured notes, of which all principals and
interests were settled on schedule. For details, please refer to “Short-term Debt Instruments” and “Bonds
Payable” under “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Chapter 10 Financial Report” as set out
in the annual report.


IX. Bank Credits of the Company during the Reporting Period

      As at December 31, 2020, the Company had available credit lines from its major lending banks
amounting to RMB276.2 billion, of which RMB97.7 billion were utilized in respect of debt financing
instruments.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

228
                                                                        Chapter 9: Corporate Bonds



X. Performance of Commitments or Undertakings by the Company in Respect
   of Corporate Bonds According to the Prospectuses during the Reporting
   Period

      During the Reporting Period, the Company was in strict compliance with its commitments or
undertakings in respect of corporate bonds under the prospectuses and the proceeds were used in such
manner as stated in the prospectuses. The Company strictly performed its obligations of information
disclosure and made timely payments of bond principal and interests in order to safeguard the legitimate
interests of investors. During the Reporting Period, the Company had no defaults on its principal and interest
repayments for the corporate bonds. The Company had a sound operation and favourable profitability, and
hence had not identified any risks which might give rise to its inability to fulfill future payments on time.


XI. Material Incidents of the Company and Their Effects on our Operation and
    Solvency

      As at August 31, 2020, total cumulative new borrowings for the year of the Company were RMB26.346
billion, representing 30.95% (over 20%) of the net assets as at the end of last year. As at October 31, 2020,
total cumulative new borrowings for the year of the Company were RMB51.589 billion, representing 60.60%
(over 60%) of the net assets as at the end of last year. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements
published by the Company on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on September 7, 2020 and
November 6, 2020, respectively.
      For details of other material incidents of the Company, please refer to the sections of “Proposal on
Profit Distribution per Ordinary Shares or Conversion of Capital Reserve” “Material Litigations or Arbitrations”
and “Punishment and Remedial Measures on the Listed Company, Its Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management, Controlling Shareholders, De Facto Controller and Acquirer” under “Chapter 5: Major Events”
of this report, “Chapter 6: Changes in Ordinary Shares and Shareholders” of the report and the section of
“Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Chapter 7: Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and Employees” of this report.
     The Company had stable business operations, good profitability, and it had paid principals and interests
concerning all of its debts as scheduled. The said matters will not exert adverse effect on the operation and
solvency of the Company. Save as described above, during the Reporting Period, the material incidents stated
in Clause 54 of the Administrative Measures for the Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds (《公司債券
發行與交易管理辦法》) (CSRC Order No.180) had not occurred, and the Company had favorable business
operations, strong overall solvency and low financial risks.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           229
FINANCIAL
     REPORT
Chapter 10: Financial Report


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 238 to 390, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2020, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and
its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

232
                                                                     Chapter 10: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

 Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 1. Determination of consolidation scope of structured entities

 We identified the determination of consolidation       Our procedures in relation to the determination of
 scope of structured entities as a key audit matter     consolidation scope of structured entities included:
 due to the significant judgment applied by the         •    Understanding the key controls of
 management in determining whether a structured              management in determining the consolidation
 entity was required to be consolidated by the               scope as set out in IFRS 10 of interests
 Group and the significance of the impact arising            in structured entities and evaluating the
 from consolidating these structured entities to the         effectiveness of these controls;
 Group’s consolidated financial statements as a
                                                        •    Examining, on a sample basis, the related
 whole.
                                                             significant investment contracts and other
 The Group held a number of interests in structured          related service agreements of significant
 entities including investment funds, collective             structured entities to determine whether
 asset management schemes, trust schemes and                 management’s conclusion as to whether or
 limited partnerships where the Group was involved           not a structured entity was required to be
 as investment manager. As disclosed in note 4               consolidated by the Group was in accordance
 to the consolidated financial statements, the               with IFRS 10;
 management applied judgment in determining
                                                        •    Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy of
 whether these investments should be consolidated
                                                             management’s calculations of the Group’s
 in accordance with International Financial
                                                             exposure or right to variable returns from its
 Reporting Standard 10: Consolidated Financial
                                                             involvement with the structured entities and
 Statements (“IFRS 10”) by determining (i) whether
                                                             examining the data used in these calculations
 the Group had power over these investees, and
                                                             by reference to the related contracts.
 (ii) whether the combination of investments
 it held, if any, together with its remuneration
 and credit enhancement created exposure to
 variability of returns from the activities of the
 asset management schemes, investment funds and
 limited partnerships that was of such significance
 that it indicated that the Group had control.
 As disclosed in notes 21 and 23, as at December
 31, 2020, the total assets of the consolidated
 structured entities amounted to RMB7,964.2
 million and the total assets of the unconsolidated
 structured entities sponsored by the Group
 amounted to RMB567,078.2 million, respectively.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         233
Chapter 10: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

  Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

  2. Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) for advances to customers and stock-pledged
     repurchase agreements under financial assets held under resale agreements

  We identified the measurement of ECL for               Our procedures in relation to the measurement of
  the Group’s financial assets of credit business        ECL for financial assets of credit business included:
  (advances to customers and stock-pledged               •    Understanding the key controls relating to
  repurchase agreements under financial assets held           the measurement of ECL for advances to
  under resale agreements) as a key audit matter              customers and stock-pledged repurchase
  due to the significance of these assets to the              agreements and evaluating the effectiveness
  Group’s consolidated financial statements and the           of these controls;
  significant management estimates and judgment
                                                         •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the ECL
  required in the measurement.
                                                              model and the critical assumptions and
  As set out in note 62(2) to the consolidated                parameters used in the model, in particular,
  financial statements, the measurement involved              loss rate, with the involvement of our internal
  significant management estimates and judgment               experts;
  in the following key areas:
                                                         •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria
  •     Determination of the criteria for significant         of SICR and financial assets that are credit
        increase in credit risk (“SICR”) and financial        impaired determined by management and,
        assets that are credit impaired;                      on a sample basis, testing the application
  •     Use of models and assumptions;                        of criteria of SICR and financial assets that
  •     Determination of loss rate.                           are credit impaired to individual advances
                                                              to customers and stock-pledged repurchase
  The high degree of estimation uncertainty of the
                                                              agreements;
  ECL had a significant impact on the carrying values
  of these assets, which in aggregate amounted to        •    Examining the correctness of major inputs to
  RMB101,429.1 million and constituted appropriately          the ECL model for selected samples, including
  20.30% of the total assets of the Group as at               exposure at default and loss rate;
  December 31, 2020.                                     •    For credit-impaired financial assets, on a
  As at December 31, 2020, the Group recognized               sample basis, assessing the reasonableness of
  expected credit losses of RMB107.2 million                  expected credit losses made by management
  for advances to customers; RMB463.1 million                 based on the estimated future cash flows by
  for stock-pledged repurchase agreements; as                 reference to the latest collateral valuations, as
  disclosed in notes 29 and 26 to the consolidated            appropriate.
  financial statements, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

234
                                                                        Chapter 10: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 3. Valuations of financial assets classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3

 We identified the valuations of financial assets         Our procedures in relation to the valuations of
 classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3     Level 3 financial assets included:
 (“Level 3 financial assets”) as a key audit matter       •     Understanding the key controls over the
 due to the significant management estimates                    valuation process for Level 3 financial assets
 and judgments arising from the involvement of                  and evaluating the effectiveness of these
 significant unobservable inputs in their valuations.           controls;
 As disclosed in note 63 to the consolidated              •     Evaluating the appropriateness of the
 financial statements, the fair value of the Group’s            valuation models used by the management
 Level 3 financial assets amounted to RMB12,211.9               for Level 3 financial assets, based on our
 million as at December 31, 2020. Level 3 financial             knowledge of current industry practice;
 assets were measured using valuation models that
                                                          •     Reading the investment agreements,
 involved a number of inputs; some of significant
                                                                on a sample basis, to understand the
 inputs were not based on observable market
                                                                relevant investment terms and identifying
 data, including volatility and discount for lack of
                                                                any conditions that were relevant to the
 marketability, etc.
                                                                valuations of these financial assets;
                                                          •     Evaluating, on a sample basis, the
                                                                appropriateness of the unobservable and
                                                                observable inputs which are significant,
                                                                used for measuring the fair value of Level 3
                                                                financial assets;
                                                          •     Performing independent valuations of Level
                                                                3 financial assets, on a sample basis, and
                                                                comparing these valuations with the Group’s
                                                                valuations, with the involvement of our
                                                                valuation experts, as appropriate.



Other Information

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon.
     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears
to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.

                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           235
Chapter 10: Financial Report



Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal controls as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.
     As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
      •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
           whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
           obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
           of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
           error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
           override of internal control.
      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
           procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
           opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

236
                                                                        Chapter 10: Financial Report



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued)

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
          and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
          or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
          If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
          report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
          inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
          to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
          cease to continue as a going concern.
     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
          including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
          underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
          business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
          We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
          solely responsible for our audit opinion.
     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.
     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Man Kai Sze.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
March 26, 2021


      The independent auditor’s report and the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
notes have been issued in English. The Chinese version is used as a translated version for reference only. In the
event of any discrepancy in the interpretation between the English version and Chinese version, the English
version shall prevail.


                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            237
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                             Year ended December 31,

                                                                   Notes            2020              2019

  Fee and commission income                                          7        12,798,077          8,858,493

  Interest income                                                    8         9,716,966          8,288,799

  Investment gains or losses, net                                    9         6,783,213          6,159,670

  Other income and gains or losses                                   10        3,171,060          2,352,139

  Total revenue, gains and other income                                       32,469,316         25,659,101

  Depreciation and amortization                                      11         (591,279)          (530,908)

  Staff costs                                                        12       (7,498,108)        (5,559,394)

  Fee and commission expenses                                        13       (2,101,235)        (1,422,798)

  Interest expenses                                                  14       (7,118,053)        (6,393,610)

  Tax and surcharges                                                            (140,492)           (94,364)

  Other operating expenses                                           15       (4,598,325)        (3,670,815)

  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
    net of reversal                                                  16         (155,575)           (92,027)

  Other impairment losses, net                                                        (18)           (3,556)

  Total expenses                                                             (22,203,085)    (17,767,472)

  Share of profits of associates                                               1,042,638           882,008

  Profit before income tax                                                    11,308,869          8,773,637

  Income tax expenses                                                17       (1,805,002)        (1,460,354)

  Profit for the year                                                          9,503,867          7,313,283

  Attributable to:

    Shareholders of the Company and holders of other
    equity instruments                                                         9,491,639          7,282,381

    Non-controlling interests                                                     12,228            30,902

                                                                               9,503,867          7,313,283

  Earnings per share attributable to shareholders of
    the Company (Expressed in RMB per share)                         18

  — Basic (Restated for 2019)                                                        1.06              0.82

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

238
   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                             Year ended December 31,

                                                                                    2020              2019

Profit for the year                                                           9,503,867         7,313,283

Other comprehensive income (expense):

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Equity instruments designated as at fair value through other
  comprehensive income

  Net fair value changes during the year                                        163,467           335,203

  Income tax impact                                                              (40,867)          (83,801)

Sub-total                                                                       122,600           251,402

  Share of other comprehensive income of associates                              (22,095)                —

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income:

  Net fair value changes during the year                                        (160,799)         153,397

  Reclassification adjustment to profit or loss                                 (316,546)         (183,740)

  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal              9,511             3,314

  Income tax impact                                                             120,974              7,178

Sub-total                                                                       (346,860)          (19,851)

Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                 (7,648)           12,008

Exchange differences arising from translation of foreign operations             (321,880)         106,710

Other comprehensive (expense) income for the period (net of tax)                (575,883)         350,269

Total comprehensive income for the period (net of tax)                        8,927,984         7,663,552

Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments         8,915,756         7,632,650

  Non-controlling interests                                                       12,228            30,902

                                                                              8,927,984         7,663,552

   The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                        239
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                   Notes            2020              2019
  Non-current assets
  Property and equipment                                             19        1,547,029          1,540,746
  Right-of-use assets                                                20        1,608,964          1,610,549
  Goodwill                                                                         9,671              9,671
  Other intangible assets                                                         19,988            15,855
  Interests in associates                                            22        9,508,149          8,833,586
  Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                             24        7,420,580          7,057,809
  Debt instruments at amortized cost                                 25          921,389          1,424,662
  Financial assets held under resale agreements                      26        1,362,032          2,170,301
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              32        7,565,032          2,708,857
  Deferred tax assets                                                27        1,818,424           826,872
  Other non-current assets                                           28        1,132,319           817,565
  Total non-current assets                                                    32,913,577         27,016,473
  Current assets
  Advances to customers                                              29       81,754,350         55,224,619
  Current tax assets                                                             106,799           180,145
  Accounts and other receivables                                     30        6,429,522          3,213,572
  Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                             31       44,614,600         45,734,307
  Debt instruments at amortized cost                                 25          818,001           469,974
  Financial assets held under resale agreements                      26       50,898,293         33,509,524
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              32     166,030,032      135,437,211
  Derivative financial assets                                        33        1,726,339          1,805,819
  Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions        34        9,067,233          4,780,890
  Clearing settlement funds                                          35       22,529,340         12,471,616
  Cash and bank balances                                             36       82,838,593         61,927,739
  Total current assets                                                      466,813,102      354,755,416
  Total assets                                                              499,726,679      381,771,889

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

240
                                       Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
                                                                                    As at December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                     Notes             2020              2019
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings                                                  38        3,290,295         3,103,673
Short-term debt instruments                                            39       36,216,758        33,098,616
Placements from banks and other financial institutions                 40       11,002,762         7,013,199
Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                  41       85,441,243        61,724,220
Accrued staff costs                                                    42        6,759,837         5,042,877
Other payables and accrued charges                                     43       18,451,855         6,847,972
Current tax liabilities                                                            249,546             57,064
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             44       11,249,844         7,918,509
Derivative financial liabilities                                       33        3,071,802         2,183,222
Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                      45      119,258,195        97,706,686
Lease liabilities                                                      46          294,159           267,627
Provisions                                                                              377                 —
Long-term borrowings due within one year                               51          253,004         1,144,880
Bonds payable due within one year                                      53       36,939,761        15,478,614
Total current liabilities                                                      332,479,438       241,587,159
Net current assets                                                             134,333,664       113,168,257
Total assets less current liabilities                                          167,247,241       140,184,730
Equity
Share capital                                                          47        8,696,526         6,699,409
Other equity instruments                                               48       15,000,000        15,000,000
Capital reserve                                                                 40,361,022        27,533,939
Less: Treasury stock                                                   47                —           663,954
Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                   49          288,626           542,629
Foreign currency translation reserve                                                (43,094)         278,786
General reserves                                                       50       18,514,639        16,401,426
Retained profits                                                                22,919,086        19,256,086
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                             105,736,805        85,048,321
Non-controlling interests                                                            87,908            79,530
Total equity                                                                   105,824,713        85,127,851

   The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           241
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
As at December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                   Notes            2020              2019

  Non-current liabilities

  Accrued staff costs                                                42          395,360           525,040

  Deferred tax liabilities                                           27          790,161           485,282

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         44        2,692,207          2,157,877

  Deferred income                                                                119,340           122,537

  Lease liabilities                                                  46          966,240           984,520

  Long-term borrowings                                               52          418,353           268,735

  Bonds payable                                                      54       56,040,867         50,512,888

  Total non-current liabilities                                               61,422,528         55,056,879

  Total equity and non-current liabilities                                   167,247,241     140,184,730

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
     The consolidated financial statements on pages 238 to 390 were approved and authorized for issue by
the board of directors on March 26, 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         HUO Da                                           XIONG Jiantao
              Executive Director, Chairman                        Executive Director, President




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

242
                                                                                         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                         Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                          Investment
                                                                                                          revaluation
                                                                                                           reserve of
                                                                                                             financial
                                                                                                             assets at
                                                                                                            fair value
                                                                                                              through
                                                                    Other                                        other                                                                        Non-
                                                    Share          equity      Capital        Treasury comprehensive           Translation       General    Retained                    controlling
                                                   capital   instruments      reserves          stocks         income              reserve      reserves      profits      Sub-total      interests         Total
                                                 (Note 47)     (Note 48)                     (Note 47)         (Note 49)                       (Note 50)
At January 1, 2019                               6,699,409    15,000,000    27,533,939              —            299,070          172,076     13,864,963   17,080,902     80,650,359        69,508     80,719,867
Profit for the year                                     —             —             —               —                 —                 —             —     7,282,381      7,282,381        30,902      7,313,283
Other comprehensive income for the year                 —             —             —               —            243,559          106,710             —            —        350,269             —        350,269
Total comprehensive income for the year                 —             —             —               —            243,559          106,710             —     7,282,381      7,632,650        30,902      7,663,552
Appropriation to general reserves                       —             —             —               —                 —                 —      1,944,678   (1,944,678)            —             —              —
Distribution to holders of other equity
instruments (note 55)                                   —             —             —               —                 —                 —             —      (802,090)      (802,090)           —        (802,090)
Dividends recognized as distribution (note 55)          —             —             —               —                 —                 —             —    (1,768,644)    (1,768,644)      (20,880)    (1,789,524)
Repurchase of ordinary shares                           —             —             —         (663,954)               —                 —             —            —        (663,954)           —        (663,954)
Others                                                  —             —             —               —                 —                 —       591,785      (591,785)            —             —              —
At December 31, 2019                             6,699,409    15,000,000    27,533,939        (663,954)          542,629          278,786     16,401,426   19,256,086     85,048,321        79,530     85,127,851

At January 1, 2020                               6,699,409    15,000,000    27,533,939        (663,954)          542,629          278,786     16,401,426   19,256,086     85,048,321        79,530     85,127,851
Profit for the year                                     —             —             —               —                 —                 —             —     9,491,639      9,491,639        12,228      9,503,867
Other comprehensive expense for the year                —             —             —               —           (254,003)         (321,880)           —            —        (575,883)           —        (575,883)
Total comprehensive (expense) income for
the year                                                —             —             —               —           (254,003)        (321,880)            —     9,491,639      8,915,756        12,228      8,927,984
Appropriation to general reserves                       —             —             —               —                 —                 —      2,113,213   (2,113,213)            —             —              —
Distribution to holders of other equity
instruments (note 55)                                   —             —             —               —                 —                 —             —      (802,090)      (802,090)           —        (802,090)
Dividends recognized as distribution (note 55)          —             —             —               —                 —                 —             —    (2,913,336)    (2,913,336)       (3,850)    (2,917,186)
Settlement of treasury stocks (note 47)                 —             —             —          663,954                —                 —             —            —        663,954             —        663,954
Issuance of shares                               1,997,117            —     12,827,083              —                 —                 —             —            —      14,824,200            —      14,824,200
At December 31, 2020                             8,696,526    15,000,000    40,361,022              —            288,626           (43,094)   18,514,639   22,919,086    105,736,805        87,908    105,824,713




                                                                                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                         243
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                Year ended December 31
                                                                                      2020           2019
  Operating activities
  Profit before income tax                                                      11,308,869      8,773,637
  Adjustments for:
  Interest expenses                                                              7,118,053      6,393,610
  Share of profits of associates                                                 (1,042,638)      (882,008)
  Depreciation and amortization                                                    591,279        530,908
  Impairment losses, net                                                           155,592         95,583
  Losses on disposal of property and equipment, other intangible
  assets and other non-current assets, net                                            3,940          2,754
  Foreign exchange losses, net                                                      (17,803)       (30,189)
  Net realized gains from disposal of financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                               (316,546)      (183,740)
  Dividend income and interest income on financial assets at fair
  value through other comprehensive income and debt instrument
  at amortized cost                                                              (1,678,936)    (2,167,290)
  Unrealized fair value changes in financial instruments at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                         (1,596,412)    (2,089,290)
  Unrealized fair value change in derivative financial instruments                  113,657        66,027
  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                      14,639,055     10,510,002
  Increase in advances to customers                                             (26,441,460)   (12,096,676)
  Increase in other current assets                                               (3,614,028)      (666,807)
  Increase in financial assets held under resale agreements                     (16,698,305)    (2,788,974)
  Increase in financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss, net   (29,106,776)   (34,895,689)
  Increase in deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions        (4,286,343)    (3,349,470)
  Increase in pledged and restricted bank deposits                               (1,614,522)            —
  (Increase) decrease in clearing settlement funds                               (5,853,305)    1,757,796
  Increase in cash held on behalf of customers                                  (17,684,846)   (12,895,839)
  Increase in accounts payable to brokerage clients                             23,743,508     12,679,565
  Increase in accrued staff costs                                                1,587,280      1,126,242
  Increase in other current liabilities                                         11,520,666      3,312,085
  Increase in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                 21,484,880     36,364,189
  Increase in placements from banks and other financial institutions             4,000,000      3,500,000
  Cash (used in) from operation                                                 (28,324,196)    2,556,424
  Income taxes paid                                                              (2,145,894)    (1,381,980)
  Interest paid                                                                  (2,873,405)    (2,323,934)
  Net cash used in operating activities                                         (33,343,495)    (1,149,490)

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

244
                                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                             Year ended December 31
                                                                                    2020              2019
Investing activities

Dividends and interest received from investments                              2,040,425         2,422,525

Purchase of property and equipment, other intangible assets and
other non-current assets                                                        (373,714)         (241,338)

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment, other intangible
assets and other non-current assets                                                1,011             1,793

Proceeds on disposal of interest in an associate                                  14,400                 —

Net purchase or proceeds from disposal or purchases of debt
instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income                    675,565         (3,934,246)

Net purchase or proceeds from disposal or purchases of debt
instruments at amortized cost                                                   163,298            (47,832)

Net cash from (used in) investing activities                                  2,520,985         (1,799,098)

Financing activities

Dividends paid to shareholders and other equity instrument holders            (3,719,276)       (2,591,614)

Interest payment of bonds and short-term debt instruments                     (3,858,452)       (4,265,247)

Interest payment of borrowings                                                  (103,297)         (115,555)

Interest payment of lease liabilities                                            (38,191)          (37,418)

Repayment of bonds and short-term debt instruments                         (122,528,154)      (98,020,130)

Repayment of lease liabilities                                                  (290,263)         (278,287)

Proceeds from bonds and short-term debt instruments                         152,633,222       109,284,840

Net repayment or proceeds from short-term borrowings                            409,477         1,447,534

Repayment of long-term borrowings                                               (673,250)                —

Repurchase of ordinary shares                                                         —           (663,954)

Proceeds from issuance of shares                                             14,824,200                  —

Proceeds from settlement of treasury stocks                                     663,954                  —

Net cash from financing activities                                           37,319,970         4,760,169

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     6,497,460         1,811,581

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                       13,173,740        11,143,119

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                         (227,212)         219,040

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                             19,443,988        13,173,740

Net cash flows from operating activities include interest received            7,982,977         6,282,046




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                        245
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1.    CORPORATE INFORMATION

      China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd (the “Company”) was formerly established as a securities
department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. On August 1, 1993, with the approval of People’s Bank of
China (Shenzhen branch) and Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Company was duly
established as the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行證券業務部). On August
26, 1994, the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. was renamed as Shenzhen CMB
Securities Company (深圳招銀證券公司). On September 28, 1994, Shenzhen CMB Securities Company (深圳
招銀證券公司) further changed its name to CMB Securities Company (招銀證券公司). On November 6, 1998,
with the approval of People’s Bank of China and China Securities Regulatory Commission, CMB Securities
Company (招銀證券公司) increased its paid-in capital and changed its name to Guotong Securities Limited
Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司).
     After completion of registration with Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, Guotong
Securities Limited Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司) restructured and changed its name to Guotong
Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) on December 26, 2001, with The Approval to The Resolution
about Managing The State-owned Shares of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Cai Qi
[2001] No. 723) issued by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), The Approval
for Changing the Name of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Zheng Jian Ji Gou Zi [2001]
No. 285) issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and The Approval for Equity Restructuring
of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Shen Fu Gu [2001] No. 49) issued by the Municipal
Government of Shenzhen. On June 28, 2002, Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) was
renamed as China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司).
     On November 2, 2009, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission ([2009] No. 1132),
the Company launched its initial public offering of 358,546,141 A shares. On November 17, 2009, the
Company started to be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
    The Company’s ultimate holding company is China Merchants Group Limited (“CMG”). CMG is a
PRC enterprise regulated and directly managed by the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission of the State Council and CMG is owned and controlled by the PRC Government.
     On October 7, 2016, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission ([2016] No. 1735),
the Company issued RMB891,273,800 H Shares, which were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”).
      On July 20, 2020 and August 20, 2020, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission
([2019] No. 1946 and [2020] No. 723), the Company completed the rights issue of A Share and H Share by
issuing RMB1,702,997,123 A Shares and RMB294,120,354 H Shares, which were listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange and the Main Board of The Hong Kong Stock Exchanges, respectively.
     As at December 31, 2020, the Company’s registered capital was RMB8,696,526,806 and the Company
has a total of 8,696,526,806 issued shares of RMB1 each.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

246
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)

     The address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company is No.111, 1st
Fuhua Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, the PRC. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in securities brokerage, securities financial advisory,
financial advisory relating to securities trading and securities investment activities, securities underwriting
and sponsorship, proprietary trading, asset management, margin financing and securities lending, securities
investment fund distribution, intermediary services to futures company, agency sales of financial products,
insurance agency, securities investment management and stock options market-making business.
     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as
functional currency of the Company. All financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial
statements are presented in RMB and has been rounded to the nearest thousands, except when otherwise
indicates.


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

      In the current year, the Group has applied the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework
in IFRS Standards and the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or
after 1 January 2020 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

       Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8                   Definition of Material

       Amendments to IFRS 3                            Definition of a Business

       Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7         Interest Rate Benchmark Reform

     In addition, the Group has early applied the Amendment to IFRS 16 Covid-19 — Related Rent
Concessions. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments.
The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding
adjustment recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs. The application of this
amendment has had no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
     Other than mentioned above, the application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual
Framework in IFRS Standards and the amendments to IFRSs in the current year had no material impact on the
Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and on the disclosures set out in
these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          247
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
      STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

New and amendments IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but
are not yet effective.

          IFRS 17                                          Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1

          Amendments to IFRS 3                             Reference to the Conceptual Framework2

          Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7,            Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 23
          IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

          Amendments IFRS 10 and IAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                                                           and its Associate or Joint Venture4

          Amendments to IAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1

          Amendments to IAS 1 and                          Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
          IFRS Practice Statements 2

          Amendments to IAS 8                              Definition of Accounting Estimates1

          Amendments to IAS 16                             Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before
                                                           Intended Use2

          Amendments to IAS 37                             Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2

          Amendments to IFRS Standards                     Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20202

      1
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
      2
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022
      3
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021
      4
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the new and amendments to IFRSs will
have no material impact on the consolidated financial statement in the foreseeable future.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

248
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). For the purpose of
preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information
is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial
statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
accounting policies set out below.
      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
services.
       Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a
liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would
take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value
for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such
a basis, except for leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements
that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of
Assets.
      For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable
inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that
at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.
     For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
     •     Level 1: Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities that
           the entity can access at the measurement date;
     •     Level 2: Inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for
           the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly;
     •     Level 3: Inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
     The principal accounting policies are set out below.




                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              249
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
(including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved where the
Company:
      (a)   has power over the investee;
      (b)   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
      (c)   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
      Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less accumulated
impairment loss, if any, in the Company’s statement of financial position. Specifically, income and expenses
of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or
losses from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
      Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company
and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of
the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
deficit balance.
     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.
    All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.
      Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over
the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.
     Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests is adjusted and the fair
value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of the
Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

250
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Basis of consolidation (Continued)

     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-
controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated
as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair
value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities
of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously recognised in other
comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed
of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another
category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in
the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for
subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) or, when applicable, the cost on initial
recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.


Structured entities

      The Group serves as the manager of collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships.
These collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships invest mainly in equities, debt securities,
cash and cash equivalents and securities-backed lending under resales agreements. The Group’s proportion of
ownership in these structured entities can fluctuate from day to day according to the Group’s and third-party
participation in them. Where the Group is deemed to control such collective asset management schemes,
funds and partnerships, with control determined based on an analysis of the guidance in IFRS 10 Consolidated
financial statements, they are consolidated, with the interests of parties other than the Group being classified
as liabilities because there is a contractual obligation for the relevant group entity as an issuer to repurchase
or redeem units in such collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships for cash. These are
presented as “Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss” in the consolidated statement of financial
position.




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               251
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Business combinations

      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their
fair value, except that:
      (1)   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
            are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
            Benefits respectively;
      (2)   liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
            share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
            arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment at the
            acquisition date;
      (3)   assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current
            Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard;
            and
      (4)   lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
            (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
            for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
            underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at the same
            amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
            lease when compared with market terms.
       Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed. If, after re-assessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree
(if any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.
     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at
the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net
assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as
appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously
been recognized in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be accounted for on the
same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

252
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Foreign currencies

     When the Company receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to
functional currency at the spot exchange rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions
are, on initial recognition, translated to functional currency at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.
     A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the “People’s Bank of China”, the State
Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that
approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under a systematic and rational method, normally
the average exchange rate of the current year.
      Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to functional currency at the spot
exchange rate at the end of the year. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss.
Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated
to functional currency using the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items
denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange
rate on the date the fair value is determined; the resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or
loss.
      The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to presentation currency at the spot
exchange rate at the end of reporting period. The equity items, excluding “retained profits”, are translated to
presentation currency at the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The income and expenses of foreign
operation are translated to presentation currency at the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates. The
resulting translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to
profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Company’s interests in subsidiaries and associates.


Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, and short-term, highly liquid
investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of
change in value.


Goodwill

     Goodwill represents the excess of:
     (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
            interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
            acquiree; over
     (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition
            date.
     When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a
bargain purchase.




                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             253
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Goodwill (Continued)

     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition
of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination,
which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and
not larger than an operating segment.
      A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition
in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than
the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss.
     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the
determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal.
      The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of associates is described below.


Interests in associates

     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint
control over those policies.
     The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial
statements using the equity method of accounting, unless it is classified as held for sale. The financial
statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies
as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
      Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognized in the consolidated
statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the profit
or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate
exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form
part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognizing its share of further
losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
      An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the
investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee
is recognized as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the
Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
reassessment, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

254
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Interests in associates (Continued)

     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
impaired. When any objective evidence exist, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment as a single asset by comparing its
recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount.
Any impairment loss recognized forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that
impairment loss is recognized in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
investment subsequently increases.
      Upon disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interest in an associate in which the Group lost
significant influence and discontinued the use of equity method, any retained interest that is within the scope
of IFRS 9 is measured at fair value on that date, the difference between the carrying amount of the associate
at the date, and the proceeds from disposing of such interest (or partial interest) in the associate and the fair
value of the retained interest is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate.
In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognized in their comprehensive income in
relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the
related asset or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income
by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the
Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss.
     When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity
method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been
recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss
would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.
     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group (such as a sale or contribution of
assets), profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate are recognized in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the
Group.
     When an investment in an associate is held by, or is held indirectly through, a group entity that is
a venture capital organization and similar entities, the Group may elect to measure investments in those
associates at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9.


Property and equipment and other non-current assets

     Property and equipment including buildings, motor vehicles, electronic and communication equipment
and others, and other non-current assets including leasehold improvement and deferred expenses for use in
the supply of services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress) are stated in the
consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation/amortization
and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.
     Depreciation/amortization is recognized so as to write off their costs, other than construction in
progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using straight-line method. The estimated
useful lives, residual values and depreciation/amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting
period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.



                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             255
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Property and equipment and other non-current assets (Continued)

      Construction in progress is carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include
professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s
accounting policy. Such properties are classified to the appropriate categories when completed and ready
for intended use. Depreciation/amortization of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.
     An item of property and equipment and other non-current assets is derecognized upon disposal or when
no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising
on the disposal or retirement is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.
     If an item of property and equipment becomes an investment property because its use has changed as
evidenced by end of owner-occupation, the cost and accumulated depreciation of that item at the date of
transfer are transferred to investment property for subsequent measurement and disclosure purposes.
     The estimated residual value rates and useful lives of each class of property and equipment and other
non-current assets are as follows:

                                                                                  Estimated
                                                                              residual value
        Classes                                                                        rates     Useful lives

        Leasehold land and buildings                                                    5%       30-50 years

        Motor vehicles                                                                  5%            5 years

        Electronic and communication equipment                                          5%            5 years

        Office equipment                                                                5%            5 years




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

256
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Intangible assets

(i)    Intangible assets acquired separately

      Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortization for intangible assets with finite useful
lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and
amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimates being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are
acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses (see the accounting
policy in respect of impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill below).
       The estimated useful lives of each class of intangible assets with finite useful life are as follows:

         Classes                                                                                      Useful lives

         Trading rights                                                                                   10 years

         Others                                                                                            5 years



(ii)   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

     The intangible assets acquired in the business combination shall be separately recognized from the
goodwill, and shall be initially recognized based on the fair value at the acquisition date (as the cost of the
intangible assets).
     After the initial recognition, the intangible assets with limited useful lives obtained in the business
combination shall be presented on the same basis as the intangible assets obtained separately, and shall be
presented according to the cost minus accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives obtained in a business combination are stated at cost less any
subsequent accumulated impairment losses. (Please refer to the accounting policy related to the impairment
on non-financial assets other than goodwill below).
      An intangible asset is derecognized when it is disposed of or it is expected that its use or disposal will
no longer generate future economic benefits. The gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible
asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset,
and are recognized in profit or loss on derecognition of the asset.




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               257
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and
equipment, right-of-use assets, investment property, intangible assets with finite useful lives, and other non-
current assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss.
If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent
of the impairment loss, if any. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated
to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating
units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever
there is an indication that they may be impaired.
      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
      Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-
generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment
loss been recognized for the asset (or the cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss
is recognized immediately in profit or loss.


Leases

(i)   Definition of a lease

      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application or arising from business
combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS
16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed
unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

258
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee

Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of
the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease
components.
     Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone
prices.
      As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the financial statements would not differ materially from
individual leases within the portfolio.


Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of buildings that have a lease
term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies
the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets.
      Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease term.


Right-of-use assets

       The cost of right-of-use assets includes:
       •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
       •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
       •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
       •    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
            restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required
            by the terms and conditions of the lease.
     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities resulting from
Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.
      Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
leased assets at the end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful
life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
useful life and the lease term.
     The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property as a
separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            259
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee (Continued)

Lease liabilities

     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the
present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate
implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
       The lease payments include:
       •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
       •    variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
            at the commencement date;
       •    amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees;
       •    the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group; and
       •    payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an
            option to terminate the lease.
       After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.
     The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
assets) whenever:
       •    the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option,
            in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
            using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
       •    the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review
            or expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
            remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.
      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
position.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

260
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee (Continued)

Lease modifications

    Except for Coivd-19-related rent concession in which the Group applied the practice expedient, the
Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:
       •   the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
           assets; and
       •   the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
           for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
           circumstances of the particular contract.
       For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


(iii) The Group as lessors

Classification and measurement of leases

      Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms
of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as receivables at commencement date
at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective
leases. Initial direct costs are included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest
income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net
investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
     Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term
of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to
the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term.


Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate
consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from
lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             261
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Borrowing costs

      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use
or sale.
     If the construction of qualifying assets have been suspended under abnormal circumstances, the
corresponding capitalization of the borrowing cost should be suspended accordingly.
      All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


Government grants

     Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
      Government grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire non-current assets are recognized as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial
position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
assets.
      Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under
“other income and gains or losses”.


Employee benefits

(i)   Salaries and allowances

      Salaries and allowances are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
is provided. A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-
sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past
service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

262
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Employee benefits (Continued)

(ii)   Contributions to retirement benefits scheme

      The Group participates in Central Provident Fund Scheme for its employees in the PRC organized by the
municipal governments of the relevant provinces. The Group also participates in the Mandatory Provident
Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) for its employees in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund
Scheme Ordinance. The Group also sets up annuity scheme for qualified employees. Annuity contributions are
accrued based on a certain percentage of the participants’ total salary when employees have rendered service
entitling them to the contributions. The contribution is recognized in profit or loss.


(iii) Other social welfare

     Social welfare expenditure refers to payments for employees’ social welfare system established by
the government of the PRC, including social pension insurance, health care insurance, housing funds and
other social welfare contributions. The Group contributes on a regular basis to these funds based on certain
percentage of the employees’ salaries and the contributions are recognized in profit or loss for the period
when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. The Group’s liabilities in respect of
these funds are limited to the contribution payable in the reporting period.


(iv) Other long-term employee benefits

     The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in respect of their services in the current and prior
periods.


Taxation

     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax. Current tax and
deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or
items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.


(i)    Current tax

      Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable profit or loss for the year, using tax
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
previous years.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            263
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Taxation (Continued)

(ii)   Deferred tax

      Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
recognized for:
       •   temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
           business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
       •   temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries and associates to the extent that the
           Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
           that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
       •   taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
      The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which
the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets
and liabilities.
     Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when
they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
liabilities and assets, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority and the Group intend to
settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis.
     A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.


Financial instruments

     A financial instrument is defined as any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a
financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

264
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(i)    Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

    A financial asset or financial liability is recognized in the statements of financial position when the Group
becomes a party to the contractual provisions of a financial instrument.
      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its retained interest in the
asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial asset
and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.
     The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.
     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying
amount of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual
cash flows discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees
incurred are adjusted to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortized over the
remaining term. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognized in profit or loss
at the date of modification.


(ii)   Classification of financial assets

     The Group classifies financial assets as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through
other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss on the basis of both the Group’s business
model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets.
       A financial asset shall be measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:
       •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in
            order to collect contractual cash flows; and
       •    the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
     A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if both of the
following conditions are met:
       •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
            collecting contractual cash flows; and
       •    the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             265
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(ii)   Classification of financial assets (Continued)

      A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through profit or loss unless it is measured at amortized
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as stated above. However the Group may make
an irrevocable election at initial recognition for particular investments in equity instruments that would
otherwise be measured at fair value through profit or loss to present subsequent changes in fair value in
other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
recognized by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.
       A financial asset is held for trading if:
       •    it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
       •    on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
            manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
       •    it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.
     At initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset as measured at fair value
through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


(iii) Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Classification as debt or equity

     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


Financial liabilities

       The Group classifies all financial liabilities as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for:
       •    financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Such liabilities, including derivatives that are
            liabilities, shall be subsequently measured at fair value.
       •    financial liabilities that arise when a transfer of a financial asset does not qualify for derecognition
            or when the continuing involvement approach applies.


Equity instruments

      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
received, net of direct issue costs.
      Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other
financial assets or the Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption of
principal amount indefinitely are classified as equity instruments.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

266
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(iv) Embedded derivatives

    An embedded derivative is a component of a hybrid contract that also includes a non-derivative host. An
embedded derivative and its host contract form a hybrid contract.
     If a hybrid contract contains a host that is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group shall not
separate an embedded derivative from the host, but shall apply the requirements of IFRS 9 to the entire hybrid
contract.


(v)   Reclassification of financial instruments

      When, and only when, the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets it shall
reclassify all affected financial assets. The Group shall not reclassify any financial liability.
      If the Group reclassifies financial assets, it shall apply the reclassification prospectively from the
reclassification date. The Group shall not restate any previously recognized gains, losses (including impairment
gains or losses) or interest.
      •   If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the amortized cost measurement category and
          into the fair value through profit or loss measurement category, its fair value is measured at the
          reclassification date. Any gain or loss arising from a difference between the previous amortized cost
          of the financial asset and fair value is recognized in profit or loss.
      •   If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the amortized cost measurement category and
          into the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, its fair value
          is measured at the reclassification date. Any gain or loss arising from a difference between the
          previous amortized cost of the financial asset and fair value is recognized in other comprehensive
          income. The effective interest rate and the measurement of expected credit losses are not adjusted
          as a result of the reclassification.
      •   If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through other comprehensive income
          measurement category and into the amortized cost measurement category, the financial asset
          is reclassified at its fair value at the reclassification date. However, the cumulative gain or loss
          previously recognized in other comprehensive income is removed from equity and adjusted against
          the fair value of the financial asset at the reclassification date. As a result, the financial asset is
          measured at the reclassification date as if it had always been measured at amortized cost. The
          effective interest rate and the measurement of expected credit losses are not adjusted as a result of
          the reclassification.
      •   If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through other comprehensive income
          measurement category and into the fair value through profit or loss measurement category, the
          financial asset continues to be measured at fair value. The cumulative gain or loss previously
          recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss at the
          reclassification date.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           267
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(v)   Reclassification of financial instruments (Continued)

      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss measurement
           category and into the amortized cost measurement category, its fair value at the reclassification
           date becomes its new gross carrying amount.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss measurement
           category and into the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, the
           financial asset continues to be measured at fair value.
     When reclassifying the financial assets, the Group determines effective interest rate based on the fair
value of the financial assets at the reclassification date.


(vi) Measurement of financial instruments

      The Group initially recognizes a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value. Fair value is the
transaction price of a financial asset or financial liability. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
     After initial recognition, the Group subsequently measure a financial asset at amortized cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss.
     After initial recognition, the Group subsequently measure a financial liability at amortized cost or fair
value through profit or loss.
      Interest income is calculated by using the effective interest method.


(vii) Impairment of financial instruments

      The Group recognize a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) for the following items:
      •    financial assets that are measured at amortized cost or debt instruments measured at fair value
           through other comprehensive;
      •    lease receivables;
      •    contract assets;
      •    loan commitments that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.
     ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (i.e. the present value of all cash shortfalls) over
the expected life of the financial instrument.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

268
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(vii) Impairment of financial instruments (Continued)

       The Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since
initial recognition at the reporting date and recognizes the loss allowance for expected credit loss and its
movement.
     •    The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
          lifetime ECL if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
          recognition. An impairment loss (gain) is recognized in profit or loss for the amount of ECL (or
          reversal) needed to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the required amount.
     •    The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for accounts receivable recognized under IFRS 15.
          The ECL is assessed individually for debtors with significant balances and/or collectively using a
          provision matrix with aging groupings.
     •    Except for accounts receivable recognized under IFRS 15, the Group measure the loss allowance for
          a financial instrument at an amount equal to the 12-month ECL if the credit risk on that financial
          instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition. An impairment loss (gain) is
          recognized in profit or loss for the amount of ECL (or reversal) needed to adjust the loss allowance
          at the reporting date to the required amount.
     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
impaired includes observable data about the following events:
     •    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or borrower;
     •    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
     •    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
          otherwise consider;
     •    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization;
     •    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or
     •    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
          losses.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           269
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(viii) Profit of loss

      A gain or loss on a financial asset or financial liability that is measured at fair value shall be recognized
in profit or loss unless:
      •    it is a non-held for trading investment in an equity instrument that is designated as at fair value
           through other comprehensive income based on “3. Financial Instruments (ii) Classification of
           financial assets”. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously
           recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a
           reclassification adjustment;
      •    it is a financial liability designated as at fair value through profit or loss and the entity is required
           to present the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income and
           other changes in the fair value of the financial liabilities are included in the profit and loss. When
           the financial liability is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other
           comprehensive income is reclassified to retained earnings as a reclassification adjustment;
      •    it is a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income based on “3.
           Financial Instruments (ii) Classification of financial assets” and the entity is required to recognize
           fair value changes in other comprehensive income except for impairment gains or losses and
           foreign exchange gains and losses. Interest calculated using the effective interest method is
           recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss
           previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss as
           a reclassification adjustment.
     A gain or loss on a financial asset that is measured at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging is
recognized in profit or loss when the financial asset is derecognized, reclassified, during the amortization
process or in order to recognize impairment or losses. A gain or loss on a financial liability that is measured
at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging is recognized in profit or loss when the financial liability is
derecognized and through the amortization process.


(ix) Estimation of fair value

     If there is a principal market for the asset or liability, the fair value measurement represents the price in
that market.
     If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair
value. Valuation techniques include market approach, income approach and cost approach. Unobservable
inputs are acceptable in valuation technique only when observable inputs are not available.
     The fair value of a liability reflects the effect of non-performance risk. Non-performance risk includes,
but may not be limited to, an entity’s own credit risk. Non-performance risk is assumed to be the same before
and after the transfer of the liability.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

270
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(x)   Transfer and derecognize of financial assets

      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
the asset to another entity.
      On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between:
      •    the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition) and
      •    the consideration received and the related fair value change previously recognized in other
           comprehensive income are recognized in profit or loss.
      If a part of a financial asset is transferred and the part transferred qualifies for derecognition in its
entirety, the previous carrying amount of the larger financial asset shall be allocated between the part that
continues to be recognized and the part that is derecognized, on the basis of the relative fair values of those
parts on the date of the transfer. The difference between:
      •    the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition) allocated to the part derecognized
           and
      •    the consideration received for the part derecognized and the related fair value change previously
           recognized in other comprehensive income are recognized in profit or loss.
       If a transfer does not result in derecognition because the Group has retained substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of the transferred asset, the entity shall continue to recognize the transferred asset
in its entirety and shall recognize a financial liability for the consideration received.
     For continuing involvement in transfer of financial assets, the group continues to recognise the
transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement and an associated liability.


(xi) Derivative financial instruments

      Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value at the date a derivative contract is
entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value of these derivative financial
instruments other than those designed as hedging instrument are recognized in profit or loss.
      All derivatives are recognized as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value
is negative.
     Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices in active market or are determined using valuation
techniques, including discounted cash flow model and options pricing model as appropriate.


(xii) Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statements of
financial position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and
the transactions are intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realizing the asset and settling the liability
simultaneously.


                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               271
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers

     The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.
      An entity shall account for a contract with a customer that is within the scope of this Standard only when
all of the following criteria are met:
      •    the parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally or in accordance with
           other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations;
      •    the entity can identify each party’s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred;
      •    the entity can identify the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred;
      •    the contract has commercial substance (i.e. the risk, timing or amount of the entity’s future cash
           flows is expected to change as a result of the contract); and
      •    it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange
           for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer.
      When a contract with a customer does not meet the criteria stated above and an entity receives
consideration from the customer, the entity shall recognize the consideration received as revenue only when
either of the following events has occurred: the entity has no remaining obligations to transfer goods or
services to the customer and all, or substantially all, of the consideration promised by the customer has been
received by the entity and is non-refundable, otherwise the consideration received from a customer should be
considered as a contract liability.
     Revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
      •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
           performance as the Group performs;
      •    the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
           performs; or
      •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
           Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

272
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
good or service. The Group shall consider indicators of the transfer of control, which include, but are not
limited to, the following:
     •    The Group has a present right to payment for the asset and a customer is presently obliged to pay
          for an asset.
     •    The group has transferred the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset and the
          customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset.
     •    The group has transferred the legal title of the asset and the customer has legal title of the asset.
     •    The Group has transferred physical possession of the asset and the customer has obtained physical
          possession of an asset.
     •    The customer has accepted the good for service.
     •    Other indicators of the transfer of control of the good or service to the customer.
    For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending
on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future
when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
     At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully
the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the
reporting period.
       When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself
(i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e.
the Group is an agent).
     The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
transferred to a customer.
      The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it
recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           273
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

       Details of the recognition criteria of major types of revenue of the Group are set out below:


(i)    Fee and commission income

       •    Brokerage commission income is recognized at a point in time on a trade date basis at a certain
            percentage of the transaction value of the trades executed.
       •    Handling and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognized at a point in
            time when the related services are rendered.
       •    Commission income of the agency custody of securities business is recognized over time as the
            customers simultaneously receive benefits provided by the Group.
       •    Underwriting and sponsoring fees are recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under
            the underwriting and sponsoring contract.
       •    Asset and fund management fee income is recognized as a performance obligation satisfied over
            time as the customers simultaneously receive benefits provided by the Group.
       •    Depending on the nature of the services and the contract terms, financial advisory are recognised in
            profit or loss over time using a method that depicts the Group’s performance, or at a point in time
            when the service is completed.


(ii)   Interest income

    Interest income from a financial asset is recognised on a accrual basis using the effective interest
method.


(iii) Other income

     Other income is recognized when contracts are due for settlement or services are provided. It mainly
comes from the bulk commodities trading of the Group’s commodities trading subsidiaries. The revenue is
recognized at a point in time when the Group fulfills its performance obligations in the contract and the
customer obtains the control of relevant bulk commodity goods.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

274
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Provision

     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and the amount of the
obligation can be reliably measured.
     The amount recognized as provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
present obligation at the end of each reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time
value of money is material).
      When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
from a third party, a receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be
received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.


Segment reporting

      Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the
structure of the Group’s internal organization, management requirements and internal reporting system. Each
of the Group’s operating segments represents a strategic business unit that offers services which are subject
to risks and returns that are different from the other operating segments.
      Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments
have same or similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and
service, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services,
the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
environment. Financial performance is regularly reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions
about resource to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which consolidated
financial statements regarding financial position, financial performance and cash flows is available.
     Inter segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for
segment reporting, and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           275
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Related parties

      If a party has the power to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence over another party, or
vice versa, or where the Group and one or more parties are subject to common control or joint control from
another party, they are considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals or enterprises.
Enterprises with which the Group is under common control only from the State and that have no other related
party relationships are not regarded as related parties of the Group. Related parties of the Group include, but
are not limited to:
      •    the Company’s parent/ultimate controlling company;
      •    the Company’s subsidiaries;
      •    enterprises that are controlled by the Company’s parent;
      •    investors that have joint control or exercise significant influence over the Group;
      •    enterprises if a party has control or joint control over both the enterprises and the Group;
      •    joint ventures of the Group, including subsidiaries of joint ventures;
      •    associates of the Group, including subsidiaries of associates;
      •    principal individual investors of the Group and close family members of such individuals;
      •    key management personnel of the Group and close family members of such individuals;
      •    key management personnel of the Company’s parent;
      •    close family members of key management personnel of the Company’s parent;
      •    other enterprises that are controlled or jointly controlled by the principal individual investors, key
           management personnel of the Group, and close family members of such individuals; and
      •    a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of the Group, or of any entity that is
           a related party of the Group.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

276
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY

      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
from these estimates.
      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


Critical judgments in applying accounting policies

      The followings are the critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have
the most significant effect on the amounts recognized and disclosures made in the consolidated financial
statements.


Determination of consolidation scope

      All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group,
as an investor and/or as an investment manager, controls the investee. The principle of control sets out the
following three elements of control: (a) power over the investee; (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns
from involvement with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of
the investor’s returns. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
      For collective asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnerships where the Group
involves as manager and also as investor, the Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds
together with its remuneration and credit enhancement creates exposure to variability of returns from the
activities of the collective asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnerships that is of
such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal. The collective asset management schemes,
investment funds and limited partnerships are consolidated if the Group has control.


Classification of financial assets

     The classification and measurement of financial assets depend on contractual cash flow test and business
model test. The Group will consider all the relevant evidences in the business model test, including the way
the performance of financial assets are evaluated and reported to the key management, the risk affected
the performance of financial asset and how the risk are managed, as well as how the management are paid.
The Group also needs to judge whether the contractual cash flow generated by financial assets is only the
payment of the principal and interest based on the principal outstanding.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           277
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.


Measurement of ECL

Significant increase in credit risk

     Under ECL model, impairment provision equal to 12-month ECL is recognized for stage 1 financial assets
and impairment provision equal to lifetime ECL is recognized for stage 2 and stage 3 financial assets. The
Group will consider quantitative and qualitative forward-looking information with reasonable basis to assess
the credit risk increase.


Establishment of assets group with similar risk characteristics

      When the expected credit loss is measured on group basis, the financial instruments are grouped by
similar characteristics of risk. The Group continuously assesses whether these financial instruments continue
to maintain similar credit risk characteristics, so as to ensure that once the characteristics of credit risk
change, the financial instruments will be appropriately reclassified. This may result in new assets group
or reclassification of assets to certain existing assets group, so as to better reflect the similar credit risk
characteristics of which category of assets.


Use of model and assumption

      The Group adopts different models and assumptions to assess the fair value and expected credit loss
of financial assets. The Group determines the applicable model for each category of financial assets using
judgment so as to determine the assumptions used by such models, including assumptions relating to the key
drivers of credit risk.


Forward-looking information

     In assessing the expected credit loss, the Group used reasonable forward-looking information. Such
information is based on the assumption of future trend of different economic driving factors, and the
assumption of how these economic driving factors affect each other.


Probability of default

     The probability is key input of expected credit risk. The probability of default is the estimates of
possibility of default in certain period of time. The calculation involves historical information, assumption and
expectation of future conditions.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

278
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

Measurement of ECL (Continued)

Loss given default

     Loss given default is the estimate of loss arising from default. It is based on the difference between
contractual cash flows and the cash flows expected to be received by the borrower, and also considered the
cash flows from pledge assets and overall credit enhancement.
     Details of above significant judgment and estimation on ECL are set out in note 62(2) and note 63.


Fair value of financial instruments

     The Group uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of financial instruments which are not
quoted in an active market. These valuation techniques use observable inputs and data of the market. When
the market observable inputs are not available, the Group make estimate on the significant unobservable
inputs and data. Details of fair value measurement are set out in note 63.


Income taxes and deferred tax assets

     There are certain transactions and activities for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during
the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts
that were initially estimated, such differences will impact the current income tax and deferred income tax in
the period during which such a determination is made.
    The realization of a deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable
temporary differences will be available in the future.
      In cases where it becomes probable that sufficient profits or taxable temporary differences are expected
to be generated, deferred tax assets would be recognized in profit or loss in that period. On the contrary, if
sufficient profits or taxable temporary differences are not expected to be generated, deferred tax assets would
be reversed in profit or loss in that period. Details of the tax losses and deductible temporary differences are
disclosed in note 27 to consolidated financial statements. As those deferred tax assets can only be recognized
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax
credits can be utilized, management’s judgment is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits.
Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognized if it
becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           279
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5.    TAXATION

      The Group’s main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

        Tax type                                    Tax basis                                         Tax rates

        Value added tax                             Based on taxable revenue                           3%, 6%

        City maintenance and construction tax       Based on value added tax accrued                        7%

                                                                                                  15%, 16.5%,
        Enterprise income tax                       Based on taxable profits
                                                                                                    20%, 25%

        Education surcharge                         Based on value added tax accrued                   2%–3%

     In accordance with the “Circular regarding the Value-added Taxes Policies for Financial, Real Estate
Development and Education Ancillary and Other Services” (Cai Shui [2016] No.140), the “Supplementary
Circular regarding Issues concerning Value-added Taxes Policies for Asset Management Products” (Cai
Shui [2017] No.2) and the “Circular on the Relevant Issues concerning Value-added Tax Levied on Asset
Management Products” (Cai Shui [2017] No.56), the Group shall pay VAT at rate of 3% for related asset
management taxable activities undertaken after January 1, 2018.
      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) and implementation regulation of the EIT
Law, the tax rate of the Company and its subsidiaries established in the PRC is 25% during the year, except
for as mentioned below.
      Upon the approval of the Regulation on the EIT Preferential Policies for the Development of Western
China by Ganzhou City (Trial) (《贛州市執行西部大開發企業所得稅優惠政策管理辦法（試行）》), from January
1, 2012 to December 31, 2020, qualified companies are subject to a tax rate of 15%. The subsidiaries of the
Group incorporated in Ganzhou namely, Ganzhou China Merchants Zhiyuan No. 1 Fund Management Co.,
Ltd. is subject to the above preferential tax rate of 15% from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2020.
      On March 21, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No.7)
Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces a two-tiered profits tax rates regime. Under the two-tiered profits tax
rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits
above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered
profits tax rates regime and will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.
      According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China and relevant regulation
on the implementation, and the Notice of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
on Implementing the Inclusive Tax Deduction and Exemption Policies for Micro and Small Enterprises (Cai Shui
[2019] No. 13, hereinafter referred to as the “Notice”) and other regulations, during the period from January
1,2019 to December 31, 2021, the annual taxable income of a small low-profit enterprise that is not more
than RMB1 million shall be included in its taxable income at the reduced rate of 25%, with the applicable
enterprise income tax rate of 20%; and the annual taxable income that is not less than RMB1 million nor more
than RMB3 million shall be included in its taxable income at the reduced rate of 50%, with the applicable
enterprise income tax rate of 20%. Seven subsidiaries of China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co.,
Ltd., which is the subsidiary of the Company, enjoy the above-mentioned preferential tax policies.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

280
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION

(1)   Operating segments

     For management purposes, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately
according to the nature of their operations and the services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating
segments represents a strategic business unit that offers services which are subject to risks and returns
that are different from the other operating segments. Segment information is measured in accordance
with the accounting policies and measurement criteria adopted by each segment when reporting to the
board of directors, being the chief operating decision maker, which are consistent with the accounting and
measurement criteria in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The Group’s operating
segments are as follows:
      (i)     Wealth management and institutional business segment engages in the trading of stocks and
              futures contracts on behalf of clients. Moreover, the activities of providing margin financing,
              securities lending and selling financial products and other wealth management products are
              included in this segment.
      (ii)    Investment banking segment provides investment banking services to the Group’s institutional
              clients, including financial advisory, equity underwriting, debt underwriting and sponsorship.
      (iii)   Investment management segment primarily engages in assets management, investing advisory
              and deal execution services. Moreover, the investment income from private equity investment
              management and alternative investment are included in this segment.
      (iv)    Investment and trading segment engages in trading equity securities, fixed-income securities,
              derivatives, other financial products and market maker service.
      (v)     Others segment primarily includes head office operations, investment holding as well as interest
              income and interest expenses incurred for generating working capital for general operation.
     Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s business units separately for the purpose
of resource allocation and other operating decisions. Segment performance is measured consistently with
operating profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements except that income taxes are not allocated to
operating segments.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          281
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(1)   Operating segments (Continued)

     The operating and reportable segment information provided to the chief operating decision maker
(hereinafter refer as “CODM”) for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                                                Wealth
                                                         management
                                                                   and
                                                          institutional   Investment     Investment     Investment
                                                              business       banking    management      and trading         Others     Elimination           Total

            For the year ended December 31, 2020

            Segment revenue and results

              Segment revenue                              16,764,078      2,205,580      1,586,255        8,463,977       327,005         (48,639)    29,298,256

              Segment other income and gains or losses         13,583           181           2,817                1     3,154,478              —        3,171,060

              Segment revenue and other income             16,777,661      2,205,761      1,589,072        8,463,978     3,481,483         (48,639)    32,469,316

              Segment expenses                            (11,125,551)    (1,024,669)      (462,933)      (5,638,679)    (3,999,892)       48,639      (22,203,085)

              Segment result                                5,652,110      1,181,092      1,126,139        2,825,299       (518,409)            —      10,266,231

              Share of results of associates (i)                    —             —           1,080          23,420      1,018,138              —        1,042,638

              Profit before income tax                      5,652,110      1,181,092      1,127,219        2,848,719       499,729              —      11,308,869

            As at December 31, 2020

            Segment assets and liabilities

              Segment assets                             200,419,102       2,040,296     11,861,871     269,177,708     24,148,203      (7,920,501)   499,726,679

              Segment liabilities                        (145,020,219)    (2,446,707)     (5,440,336)   (231,330,767)   (17,584,438)    7,920,501     (393,901,966)

            For the year ended December 31, 2020

            Other segment information

            Amounts included in the measurement of
            segment profit or loss or segment assets:

              Interest income                               7,323,284             —          73,497        2,041,819       327,005         (48,639)      9,716,966

              Interest expenses                            (3,134,000)       (77,895)        (74,510)     (3,866,381)       (13,906)       48,639       (7,118,053)

              Capital expenditure                            (196,218)       (20,684)           (932)        (17,673)      (138,207)            —         (373,714)

              Depreciation and amortization                  (333,707)       (51,576)         (9,011)        (27,275)      (169,710)            —         (591,279)

              Impairment losses                              (146,307)            —               —           (9,286)            —              —         (155,593)

      (i)        The interests in associates recorded in Investment management segment, Investment and trading
                 segment and others segment amounted to RMB10,929 thousand, 1,023,519 thousand and 8,473,701
                 thousand respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

282
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(1)   Operating segments (Continued)


                                                               Wealth
                                                        management
                                                                  and
                                                         institutional   Investment      Investment     Investment
                                                             business       banking     management      and trading         Others     Elimination           Total

         For the year ended December 31, 2019

         Segment revenue and results

             Segment revenue                              11,955,926      1,878,151       1,844,837        7,358,833       330,232         (61,017)    23,306,962

             Segment other income and gains or losses         11,735          1,626          28,936                1     2,309,841              —        2,352,139

             Segment revenue and other income             11,967,661      1,879,777       1,873,773        7,358,834     2,640,073         (61,017)    25,659,101

             Segment expenses                             (8,620,568)      (906,320)       (378,980)      (4,847,651)    (3,074,970)       61,017      (17,767,472)

             Segment result                                3,347,093        973,457       1,494,793        2,511,183       (434,897)            —        7,891,629

             Share of results of associates (ii)                   —              —           4,937          67,389        809,682              —         882,008

             Profit before income tax                      3,347,093        973,457       1,499,730        2,578,572       374,785              —        8,773,637

         As at December 31, 2019

         Segment assets and liabilities

             Segment assets                             145,680,785       1,391,831      11,694,285     210,824,946     18,308,810      (6,128,768)   381,771,889

             Segment liabilities                         (97,973,186)     (1,943,465)     (5,239,388)   (180,830,833)   (16,785,934)    6,128,768     (296,644,038)

         Other segment information

         Amounts included in the measurement of
         segment profit or loss or segment assets

             Interest income                               6,029,638              —          57,005        1,932,941       330,232         (61,017)      8,288,799

             Interest expenses                            (2,930,793)        (32,056)        (80,894)     (3,397,041)       (13,843)       61,017       (6,393,610)

             Capital expenditure                            (143,584)         (8,915)            (47)         (9,517)       (75,331)            —         (237,394)

             Depreciation and amortization                  (294,240)        (46,402)         (7,777)        (25,924)      (156,565)            —         (530,908)

             Impairment losses                                (92,244)            —           (3,339)             —              —              —          (95,583)

      (ii)      The interests in associates recorded in Investment management segment, Investment and trading
                segment and others segment amounted to RMB33,150 thousand, 1,022,194 thousand and 7,778,242
                thousand respectively.




                                                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                             283
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(2)   Geographical segments

      The Group has two major geographical operation in the PRC, namely Mainland China and Outside
Mainland China, which are also the Group’s revenue from and the Group’s assets located in. The following
table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external customers
and (ii) the Group’s property and equipment, right-of-use assets, goodwill, other intangible assets, interests
in associates and other non-current assets (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of
customers is based on the location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the
specified non-current assets is based on i) the physical location of the asset or ii) the place of incorporation of
the business units under which the goodwill is recorded.

                                                                                     Outside
                                                                   Mainland         Mainland
                                                                      China            China               Total

        For the year ended December 31, 2020

        Segment Revenue

          Revenue from external customers                         28,017,582        1,280,674       29,298,256

          Other income and gains or losses                         3,142,987            28,073        3,171,060

                                                                  31,160,569        1,308,747       32,469,316

        For the year ended December 31, 2019

        Segment Revenue

          Revenue from external customers                        22,263,080         1,043,882       23,306,962

          Other income and gains or losses                         2,325,776            26,363        2,352,139

                                                                 24,588,856         1,070,245       25,659,101



Specified non-current assets


                                                                                     Outside
                                                                   Mainland         Mainland
                                                                      China            China               Total

        As at December 31, 2020

        Specified non-current assets                              13,645,731          180,389       13,826,120

        As at December 31, 2019

        Specified non-current assets                              12,603,357          224,615       12,827,972




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

284
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(3)   Information about major customers:

    There were no customer (Year ended December 31 2019, no customer) for the year ended December 31,
2020 contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.


7.    FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,

                                                                                          2020              2019

            Securities and futures brokerage business                                8,752,903        5,338,454

            Underwriting and sponsorship business                                    2,003,405        1,585,454

            Asset management and fund management business                            1,147,164        1,051,671

            Financial advisory business                                                206,713          295,080

            Others (i)                                                                 687,892          587,834

                                                                                   12,798,077         8,858,493

      (i)      Others mainly comprise of custodian fee income and consultancy fee income received or receivable by
               the Group.


8.    INTEREST INCOME

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,

                                                                                          2020              2019

            Interest income from deposits with exchanges and financial
            institutions                                                             1,761,085        1,460,228

            Interest income from advances to customers and securities lending        4,640,314        3,467,704

            Interest income from securities-backed lending and
            stock repurchase agreements                                              1,298,369        1,430,115

            Interest income from other financial assets held under resale
            agreements                                                                 338,262          215,307

            Interest income on debt instruments at amortized cost                       91,559          100,522

            Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                     1,587,377        1,614,923

                                                                                     9,716,966        8,288,799




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              285
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9.    INVESTMENT GAINS OR LOSSES, NET

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2020            2019

            Dividend and interest from financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss                                                           4,462,834        4,127,170

            Dividend from financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                              —         451,845

            Net gains from disposals of debt instruments measured
            at fair value through other comprehensive income                           316,546          183,740

            Net gains from financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                                                   4,170,690        3,213,714

            Net losses from financial liabilities at fair value
            through profit or loss                                                     (338,979)       (281,343)

            Net losses from derivative financial instruments                         (1,827,878)     (1,535,456)

                                                                                     6,783,213        6,159,670



10. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS OR LOSSES

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2020            2019

            Income from commodity trading                                            3,000,410        2,188,370

            Refund from tax withholding and remittance                                   21,978          46,206

            Rental income                                                                18,610          11,112

            Government grants(i)                                                         29,564          44,498

            Foreign exchange gains, net                                                  17,803          30,189

            Others                                                                       82,695          31,764

                                                                                     3,171,060        2,352,139

      (i)      Government grants represent the unconditional grants received by the Group from local government and
               are used for supporting the business at specific locations.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

286
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,

                                                                                            2020               2019

         Depreciation of property and equipment                                          175,350           172,621

         Amortization of other non-current assets                                        110,365             91,240

         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             304,487           267,047

         Amortization of other intangible assets                                            1,077                 —

                                                                                         591,279           530,908



12. STAFF COSTS

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,

                                                                                            2020               2019

         Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                6,695,992         4,725,812

         Contributions to retirement benefits(i)                                         312,261           379,179

         Other social welfare(ii)                                                        297,774           290,577

         Others                                                                          192,081           163,826

                                                                                       7,498,108         5,559,394

   (i)      The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed retirement benefits plans,
            operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. According to the relevant regulations,
            the premiums and retirement benefit contributions borne by the Group are calculated and paid to
            the relevant labour and social welfare authorities on a regular basis. These retirement benefits plans
            are defined contribution plans and contributions to the plans are expensed as incurred. In addition
            to the above retirement benefits plans, the Group also provides annuity schemes for certain qualified
            employees in the PRC. The employees’ and the Group’s contributions for the annuity schemes are
            calculated based on certain percentage of employees’ salaries and recognized in profit or loss as expense.
            These annuity schemes are defined contribution plans.
            The Group also operates the MPF Scheme for all qualified employees in Hong Kong. The Group
            contributes certain percentage of relevant payroll costs to the scheme, and the contribution is matched
            by employees but subject to a maximum amount for each employee. The assets of the scheme are held
            separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees.
   (ii)     The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed social welfare plans,
            including social pension insurance, health care insurance, housing funds and other social welfare
            contributions, operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. These social welfare plans
            are defined contribution plans and contributions to the plans are recognized as expense as incurred.




                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 287
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


13. FEE AND COMMISSION EXPENSES

                                                                 Year ended December 31,

                                                                      2020          2019

        Securities and futures brokerage business                 2,033,171     1,345,527

        Underwriting and sponsorship business                        57,734       58,925

        Asset management and fund management business                 3,822        9,401

        Financial advisory business                                   6,507        8,656

        Others                                                           1           289

                                                                  2,101,235     1,422,798



14. INTEREST EXPENSES

                                                                 Year ended December 31,

                                                                      2020          2019

        Bonds payable                                             2,996,912     2,876,964

        Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements         2,153,245     1,927,488

        Short-term financing bills payable                          414,904      367,545

        Structured notes                                            551,831      340,413

        Short-term bonds payable                                     25,578      238,146

        Accounts payable to brokerage clients                       250,798      187,629

        Placements from banks and other financial institutions       98,538      134,123

        Margin and securities refinancing                           343,621      128,399

        Borrowings                                                  141,666      117,676

        Lease liabilities                                            40,413       37,418

        Others                                                      100,547       37,809

                                                                  7,118,053     6,393,610




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

288
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


15. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                Year ended December 31,

                                                                                       2020              2019

         Cost of commodity trading                                               3,006,441         2,186,800

         Advertising and promotion expenses                                        305,518           283,689

         Electronic equipment operation expenses                                   302,890           202,086

         Postal and communications expenses                                        192,730           158,938

         Stock exchange fees                                                       147,826           111,162

         Rental and property management expenses(i)                                  92,877          138,855

         Business travel expenses                                                    91,698          142,084

         Securities and futures investor protection funds                            90,674            69,892

         General and administrative expenses                                         75,527            82,143

         Auditors’ remuneration                                                       3,710             3,525

         Sundry expenses                                                           288,434           291,641

                                                                                 4,598,325         3,670,815

   (i)      Expense relating to short-term leases is RMB30,200 thousand (Year ended December 31, 2019:
            RMB77,587 thousand).


16. IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF
    REVERSAL

                                                                                Year ended December 31,

                                                                                       2020              2019

         Impairment loss on financial assets held under resale agreements
         (note 26)                                                                 130,722           132,605

         (Reversal of) Impairment loss on advances to customers (note 29)            15,117           (50,440)

         Impairment loss on accounts and other receivables (note 30)                  2,513             9,233

         Impairment loss on debt instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income (note 31)                                         9,511             3,314

         Reversal of impairment loss on debt instruments at amortized cost
         (note 25)                                                                   (2,288)           (2,685)

                                                                                   155,575             92,027




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           289
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAX EXPENSES

                                                                               Year ended December 31,

                                                                                      2020            2019

        Current tax:

        — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                              2,371,429       1,122,244

        — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                     69,721           38,693

                                                                                 2,441,150       1,160,937

        (Over) under provision in respect of prior years:

        — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                (27,065)             224

        — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                     (2,517)          (2,340)

                                                                                   (29,582)          (2,116)

        Deferred taxation

        — Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 27)             (606,566)        301,533

                                                                                 1,805,002       1,460,354

      The reconciliation between the income tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 25% and the effective tax
rate is as follows:

                                                                               Year ended December 31,

                                                                                      2020            2019

        Profit before income tax                                               11,308,869        8,773,637

        Tax at the income tax rate of 25%                                        2,827,217       2,193,409

        Tax effect of share of result of associates                               (260,660)       (220,502)

        Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                       54,676           38,430

        Tax effect of income that are not taxable                                 (447,580)       (352,489)

        Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                              (41,159)         (26,181)

        Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                      3,688            8,969

        Utilization of deferred tax assets previously not recognized              (103,106)          (1,168)

        Over provision in respect of prior years                                   (29,582)          (2,116)

        Others(i)                                                                 (198,492)       (177,998)

        Income tax expense for the year                                          1,805,002       1,460,354




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

290
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)

     As at December 31, 2020, the estimated unused tax losses for the Group’s subsidiaries were RMB74,089
thousand (December 31, 2019: RMB84,514 thousand), no deferred tax assets had been recognized in relation
to such item in the consolidated statement of financial position due to the unpredictability of future profit
streams of the subsidiaries. In cases where the actual future profits generated are more than expected,
a material recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognized in the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the period in which such recognition takes
place.
     Majority of the tax losses comes from the subsidiaries in Hong Kong which can be carried forward
indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the respective companies in which the losses arose.
These estimated tax losses have no expiry date but are subject to the approval of the Hong Kong Inland
Revenue Department.
     (i)   According to the announcement on corporate income tax policy of perpetual bonds
           (Announcement No. 64, 2019 of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation),
           when an enterprise issues perpetual bonds that meet specified conditions, the corporate income
           tax policy can be applied to bond interests, that is, the interest expense attributable to the current
           year of perpetual bonds paid by the issuer is allowed to be deducted for corporate income tax.
           According to the above provisions, the Company deducted the interest expense of perpetual bonds
           amounted to RMB802,090 thousand (2019: RMB802,090 thousand) in the current year when
           calculating the taxable income.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            291
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


18. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

      The calculation of basic earnings per share attributable to shareholders of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                 Year ended December 31,

                                                                                        2020             2019

                                                                                                   (Restated)

        Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share:

        Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders
        of other equity instruments                                                9,491,639        7,282,381

        Less: Profit attributable to holders of perpetual subordinated bonds        (802,090)        (802,090)

                                                                                   8,689,549        6,480,291

        Number of shares:

        Number of issued shares on January 1 (in thousand)                         6,699,409        6,699,409

        Effect of treasury stocks (note 47)                                          (10,005)           (2,288)

        Effect of A share rights issue on July 20, 2020 (note 47)                  1,390,851        1,167,889

        Effect of H share rights issue on August 20, 2020 (note 47)                  132,579           51,808

        Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                 8,212,834        7,916,818

        Earnings per share:

        Earnings per share (in RMB yuan)                                                 1.06             0.82

      For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no dilutive shares.
     On July 20, 2020 and August 20, 2020, the Company offered rights issues to its existing A share and H
share shareholders, respectively, at prices less than their fair values. Therefore, there were bonus elements for
these rights issues and the weighted average number of ordinary shares were adjusted accordingly for both
years.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

292
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


19. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                     Leasehold                   Electronic and
                                                      land and       Motor      communication         Office    Construction
                                                      buildings     vehicles        equipment     equipment      in progress        Total
    Cost
    As at January 1, 2020                            1,329,857       61,902            820,955        61,037         66,585     2,340,336
    Additions                                               —         2,775            210,886         2,337         62,256      278,254
    Disposals                                               —        (4,137)           (80,777)       (2,576)             —       (87,490)
    Transfer to other non-current assets (note 28)          —             —                 —             —          (88,203)     (88,203)
    Exchange differences                                    —            (76)           (5,517)       (2,259)         (1,492)      (9,344)
    As at December 31, 2020                          1,329,857       60,464            945,547        58,539         39,146     2,433,553
    Accumulated depreciation and impairment
    As at January 1, 2020                              244,940       47,164            476,551        30,935              —      799,590
    Charge for the year                                 33,760        5,140            129,282         7,168              —      175,350
    Disposals                                               —        (3,931)           (76,569)       (2,430)             —       (82,930)
    Exchange differences                                    —            (70)           (4,629)         (787)             —        (5,486)
    As at December 31, 2020                            278,700       48,303            524,635        34,886              —      886,524
    Carrying values
    As at December 31, 2020                          1,051,157       12,161            420,912        23,653         39,146     1,547,029
                                                     Leasehold                   Electronic and
                                                      land and       Motor      communication         Office    Construction
                                                      buildings     vehicles        equipment     equipment      in progress        Total
    Cost
    As at January 1, 2019                            1,329,857       65,116            752,581        59,137         82,099     2,288,790
    Additions                                               —         3,914             82,815         3,275         48,819      138,823
    Disposals                                               —        (7,162)           (26,794)       (3,128)             —       (37,084)
    Transfer                                                —             —             10,505          984          (11,489)          —
    Transfer to other non-current assets (note 28)          —             —                 —             —          (53,456)     (53,456)
    Exchange differences                                    —            34              1,848          769             612        3,263
    As at December 31, 2019                          1,329,857       61,902            820,955        61,037         66,585     2,340,336
    Accumulated depreciation and impairment
    As at January 1, 2019                              210,063       47,085            376,712        26,138              —      659,998
    Charge for the year                                 34,877        6,885            123,411         7,448              —      172,621
    Disposals                                                —        (6,834)          (24,887)       (2,948)             —       (34,669)
    Exchange differences                                     —           28              1,315          297               —        1,640
    As at December 31, 2019                            244,940       47,164            476,551        30,935              —      799,590
    Carrying values
    As at December 31, 2019                          1,084,917       14,738            344,404        30,102         66,585     1,540,746


                                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                    293
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


19. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

     As at December 31, 2020, included in leasehold land and buildings, there are carrying values of
RMB904,177 thousand (December 31, 2019: RMB928,459 thousand), for which the Group is in the progress
to obtain the relevant land and building certificates. The directors of the Company consider that these will not
have significant impact on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020.
     As the lease payments included in the Group’s leasehold land and buildings cannot be allocated reliably
between the land and buildings, the entire leases are classified as lease and accounted for as property and
equipment.


20. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                 Land and        Leasehold
                                                                 buildings            land              Total

        Cost

        As at January 1, 2020                                    1,867,741          432,600        2,300,341

        Additions                                                  315,199                —          315,199

        Disposals                                                   (84,221)              —           (84,221)

        Exchange differences                                        (10,850)              —           (10,850)

        As at December 31, 2020                                  2,087,869          432,600        2,520,469

        Accumulated depreciation and impairment

        As at January 1, 2020                                      677,902           11,890          689,792

        Charge for the year                                        293,512           10,975          304,487

        Other additions                                               2,599               —             2,599

        Deductions                                                  (81,299)              —           (81,299)

        Exchange differences                                         (4,074)              —            (4,074)

        As at December 31, 2020                                    888,640           22,865          911,505

        Carrying values

        As at December 31, 2020                                  1,199,229          409,735        1,608,964




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

294
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


20. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                Land and        Leasehold
                                                                buildings            land              Total

       Cost

       As at January 1, 2019                                    1,657,682          432,600        2,090,282

       Additions                                                  211,835                —          211,835

       Disposals                                                    (5,281)              —            (5,281)

       Exchange differences                                          3,505               —             3,505

       As at December 31, 2019                                  1,867,741          432,600        2,300,341

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment

       As at January 1, 2019                                      423,028              915          423,943

       Charge for the year                                        256,072           10,975          267,047

       Deductions                                                   (2,718)              —            (2,718)

       Exchange differences                                          1,520               —             1,520

       As at December 31, 2019                                    677,902           11,890          689,792

       Carrying values

       As at December 31, 2019                                  1,189,839          420,710        1,610,549

     The Group leases offices for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 13 months
to 13 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group
applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.
     For the year ended December 31, 2020, total cash outflow for leases amounted to RMB358,678
thousand (Year ended December 31, 2019: RMB393,292 thousand).
     As at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the lease agreements did not impose any covenants
other than the security interests in the leased assets that were held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be
used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          295
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


21. INTERESTS IN CONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

      Structured entities consolidated by the Group include the asset management schemes, limited
partnerships, trust products and investment funds where the Group involves as a manager or as an investor,
the Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds together with its remuneration creates
exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the structured entities to a level of such significance
that it indicates that the Group is a principal.
     The financial impact of these structured entities on the Group’s financial position as at December 31,
2020 and 2019, and the results and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, though
consolidated, are not significant and therefore not disclosed separately.
     As at December 31, 2020, the Group consolidated 15 (December 31, 2019: 12) structured entities.
The total assets of the consolidated structured entities are RMB7,964,224 thousand (December 31 2019:
RMB6,988,792 thousand) within which RMB7,615,301 thousand were accounted for as financial assets at fair
value through profit or loss (December 31, 2019: RMB6,801,963 thousand).


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2020             2019

        Cost of unlisted investments in associates                                 5,531,540        5,545,940

        Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income,
        net of dividends received                                                  4,645,759        3,956,796

        Sub-total                                                                10,177,299         9,502,736

        Impairment loss                                                             (669,150)        (669,150)

                                                                                   9,508,149        8,833,586




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

296
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which are unlisted corporate
entities whose quoted market price is not available. All of the above associates are accounted for using the
equity method in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                         Equity interest held
                                                                            by the Group
                                                Place and date
                                                                             December 31,
                                                of incorporation/
           Name of associate                    establishment                2020       2019    Principal activities

           Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd.    PRC/July 13, 1998            49%        49%     Fund management

           China Merchants Fund Management
                                                PRC/December 27, 2002        45%        45%     Fund management
           Limited

           Guangdong Equity Exchange Center
                                                PRC/July 6, 2018             12%        12%     Transaction settlement services
           Co., Ltd.(i)

           Hunan China Merchants Xiangjiang
                                                PRC/March 13, 2008           40%        40%     Investment management
           Industry Management Co., Ltd.

           Qingdao Asset Management Co., Ltd.   PRC/September 21, 2015       30%        30%     Investment management

           Twenty-first Century Technology
                                                PRC/June 19, 2000            23%        23%     Investment holding
           Investment Co., Ltd.*(ii)

     *         English name translated is for identification purpose only.
     (i)       Guangdong Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd. was recognized as an associate as one of the ten directors
               of the company was appointed by the Group.
     (ii)      This associate went into liquidation, and impairment losses have been fully recognized and written off.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                           297
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    Summarized financial information of the Group’s material associates, and reconciled to the carrying
amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:
      Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                             2020             2019

         Total assets                                                                  8,859,227         7,396,384

         Total liabilities                                                            (3,098,397)       (2,574,705)

         Net assets                                                                    5,760,830         4,821,679

         Revenue                                                                       4,226,012         3,485,897

         Profit for the year                                                           1,247,026           912,889

         Other comprehensive (expense) income                                              (7,875)          15,801

         Total comprehensive income                                                    1,239,151           928,690

         Dividends declared by the associate attributable to the Group                   147,000           147,000

         Net assets of the associate attributable to the Group                         5,760,830         4,821,679

         The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                              2,822,808         2,362,623

         — Goodwill                                                                    3,425,523         3,425,523

         — Impairment loss recognized(iii)                                               (669,150)        (669,150)

         Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                      5,579,181         5,118,996

      (iii)   As at December 31, 2014, the Company had recognized an impairment loss amounted to RMB669,150
              thousand to the interests in Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. The recoverable amounts of
              RMB3,763,141 thousand had been determined by Vocational International (Beijing) Asset Appraisal
              Co., Ltd., a qualified valuer not related to the Group. The valuer determined the value-in-use by using
              cash flow projections which is based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by
              management. The pre-tax discount rates applied and growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flow
              projections is 10.78% and 9.2% respectively. The growth rates beyond the five-year period is nil for the
              forecast period. As at December 31, 2020, the Company reassessed the valuation of the investment and
              determined no further impairment is needed at the end of the year.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

298
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   China Merchants Fund Management Limited

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                     2020              2019

    Total assets                                                               8,236,610         7,295,400

    Total liabilities                                                          (2,330,266)       (1,911,085)

    Net assets                                                                 5,906,344         5,384,315

    Revenue                                                                    3,235,132         2,587,395

    Profit for the year                                                          903,850           802,623

    Other comprehensive (expense) income                                           (8,421)            9,479

    Total comprehensive income                                                   895,429           812,102

    Dividends declared by the associate attributable to the Group                168,030                  —

    Net assets of the associate attributable to the Group                      5,906,344         5,384,315

    The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                           2,657,855         2,422,942

    — Goodwill                                                                   199,545           199,545

     Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                  2,857,400         2,622,487

   Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                     2020              2019

    The Group’s share of profit for the year                                       24,863            73,512

    The Group’s share of other comprehensive (expense) income                     (22,095)                —

    The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                 2,768            73,512

    Dividend declared by associates attributable to the Group                       8,902            66,354

    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s
    interests in these associates                                              1,071,568         1,092,103




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         299
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


23. INTERESTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

      The Group is principally involved with structured entities through financial investments. These structured
entities generally purchase assets through raising funds from third party investors. The Group determines
whether or not to consolidate these structured entities depending on whether the Group has control over
them. The interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities are set out as below:


(1)   Structured entities sponsored by the Group

      Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group mainly include asset management schemes
and limited partnerships. The nature and aim of these structured entities is to manage investors’ assets
and collect management fees. Financing is sustained through investment products issued to investors. The
interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities mainly involve management fees and
performance fees collected by the Group.
    As at December 31, 2020, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the
Group amounted to RMB567,078,160 thousand (December 31, 2019: RMB705,517,238 thousand).
     The amount of fee income derived from these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the Group
are detailed in Note 7.


(2)   Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

     The types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but in which it holds an interest
include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued by banks
or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.
     The carrying amount of the related accounts in the consolidated statement of financial position is equal
to the maximum exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities
sponsored by third party institutions as at December 31, 2020 and 2019, which are listed below:

                                                                          As at December 31, 2020

                                                                   Financial
                                                                   assets at        Financial
                                                                  fair value        assets at
                                                              through other        fair value
                                                             comprehensive           through
                                                                     income     profit or loss           Total

        Funds                                                             —        15,558,117       15,558,117

        Trust schemes                                                     —         2,173,209        2,173,209

        Wealth management products                                        —         1,161,356        1,161,356

        Others                                                     7,218,586       29,004,808       36,223,394

                                                                   7,218,586       47,897,490       55,116,076




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

300
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


23. INTERESTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES (Continued)

(2)   Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions (Continued)


                                                                              As at December 31, 2019

                                                                       Financial
                                                                       assets at        Financial
                                                                      fair value        assets at
                                                                  through other        fair value
                                                                 comprehensive           through
                                                                         income     profit or loss              Total

            Funds                                                             —        16,127,666          16,127,666

            Trust schemes                                                     —         1,239,484           1,239,484

            Wealth management products                                        —          432,920              432,920

            Others                                                     7,057,809       11,432,144          18,489,953

                                                                       7,057,809       29,232,214          36,290,023



24. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

                                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                                            2020                2019

            Special account(i)                                                        7,218,586           7,057,809

            Equity investments(ii)                                                      201,994                    —

                                                                                      7,420,580           7,057,809

      (i)      The balance is an investment in a special account managed by China Securities Finance Corporation
               Limited (“CSFCL”). Since the investment meets the designation of equity instruments measured at fair
               value through other comprehensive income as required by IFRS 9, the Company elected to designate this
               investment as measured at FVTOCI.
      (ii)     The equity investments are only used by the Company for securities lending and the Company elected to
               designate these investments as measured at FVTOCI.




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  301
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


25. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT AMORTIZED COST

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2020             2019

            Non-current

            Bonds                                                                    922,061        1,425,818

            Less: Expected credit losses                                                 (672)         (1,156)

                                                                                     921,389        1,424,662

            Current

            Bonds                                                                    818,463         375,587

            Unsecured accounts receivable loan(i)                                          —           96,727

            Sub-total                                                                818,463         472,314

            Less: Expected credit losses                                                 (462)         (2,340)

                                                                                     818,001         469,974

      (i)      As at December 31, 2019, customer loans receivable were charged at LIBOR plus 1.25% per annum.


(2)   The movements of expected credit losses are as follows:


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2020             2019

            At the beginning of the year                                                3,496           6,104

            Expected credit losses recognized                                              81              25

            Reversal of expected credit losses                                         (2,369)         (2,710)

            Exchange differences                                                          (74)             77

            At the end of the year                                                      1,134           3,496




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

302
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


25. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT AMORTIZED COST (Continued)

(2)   The movements of expected credit losses are as follows: (Continued)


                                                                 As at December 31, 2020

                                   12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)               Total

       Principal and interest               1,740,524                    —                      —             1,740,524

       Expected credit losses                   1,134                    —                      —                1,134

                                                                 As at December 31, 2019

                                   12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)               Total

       Principal and interest               1,898,132                    —                      —             1,898,132

       Expected credit losses                   3,496                    —                      —                3,496

     During the year and the year ended December 31, 2019, there was no transfer between the stages of
expected credit losses.




                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   303
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS

(1)   Analyzed by collateral type and market of financial assets held under resale agreements:


                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                             2020             2019

            Non-current

            Analyzed by collateral type:

            Stocks(i)                                                                   1,364,550        2,170,301

            Analyzed by market:

            Stock exchanges                                                             1,364,550        2,170,301

            Less: Expected credit losses                                                   (2,518)               —

                                                                                        1,362,032        2,170,301

            Current

            Analyzed by collateral type:

            Stocks(i)                                                                 18,773,258       18,939,491

            Bonds                                                                     32,585,578       14,902,372

                                                                                      51,358,836       33,841,863

            Analyzed by market:

            Stock exchanges                                                           35,905,586       28,417,983

            Interbank bond market                                                     15,453,250         5,423,880

            Sub-total                                                                 51,358,836       33,841,863

            Less: Expected credit losses                                                 (460,543)        (332,339)

                                                                                      50,898,293       33,509,524

      (i)      The financial assets (pledged by stocks) held under resale agreements and securities back-lending are
               those resale agreements which the qualified investors entered into with the Group with a commitment to
               purchasing the specified securities at a future date with an agreed price. As at December 31, 2020, the
               fair value of securities of the Group which have been received as collateral amounted to RMB69,320,600
               thousand (December 31, 2019: RMB72,663,572 thousand).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

304
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses is as below


                                                                                             As at December 31,
                                                                                                 2020                 2019
       At the beginning of the year                                                           332,339             199,734
       Expected credit losses recognized                                                      130,722             132,605
       Reversal of expected credit losses                                                              —                 —
       At the end of the year                                                                 463,061             332,339

      Details of expected credit losses and the fair value of the collateral of the repurchase agreements related
to stocks are as below:

                                                                 As at December 31, 2020

                                   12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)                    Total
       Principal and interest              19,366,030                30,035                 741,743               20,137,808
       Expected credit losses                  13,980                   601                 448,480                  463,061
       Collateral                          68,477,672              155,100                  687,828               69,320,600

                                                                 As at December 31, 2019

                                   12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)                    Total
       Principal and interest              20,195,191                    —                  914,601               21,109,792
       Expected credit losses                   5,298                    —                  327,041                  332,339
       Collateral                          71,220,184                    —                 1,443,388              72,663,572




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        305
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

(3)   The following tables show reconciliation of loss allowances that has been recognized for
      financial assets held under resale agreements.


                                                                 Stage 2       Stage 3
                                                Stage 1    Lifetime ECL       Lifetime
                                             12 months      (not credit-   ECL (credit-
                                                    ECL       impaired)     impaired)       Total
        At January 1, 2020                        5,298              —        327,041     332,339
        Changes in the expected credit
        losses:
        — Transfer to Stage 1                         —              —              —          —
        — Transfer to Stage 2                         —              —              —          —
        — Transfer to Stage 3                         —              —              —          —
        — Charged to profit or loss               8,682             601       121,439     130,722
        At December 31, 2020                     13,980             601       448,480     463,061


                                                                 Stage 2       Stage 3
                                                Stage 1    Lifetime ECL       Lifetime
                                             12 months      (not credit-   ECL (credit-
                                                    ECL       impaired)     impaired)       Total
        At January 1, 2019                       89,738          16,755         93,241    199,734
        Changes in the expected credit
        losses:
        — Transfer to Stage 1                         —              —              —          —
        — Transfer to Stage 2                         —              —              —          —
        — Transfer to Stage 3                         —              —              —          —
        — Charged to profit or loss             (84,440)        (16,755)      233,800     132,605
        At December 31, 2019                      5,298              —        327,041     332,339




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

306
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


27. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (LIABILITIES)

     The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                                                    2020                  2019

       Deferred tax assets                                                                                  1,818,424                  826,872

       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               (790,161)                (485,282)

                                                                                                            1,028,263                  341,590

     The followings are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized and movements thereon during
the year:

                                    Financial                                                 Financial
                                instruments                                               instruments
                                at fair value                                             at fair value
                              through profit                                            through other
                                    and loss/     Accrued       Deferred    Impairment comprehensive      Property and
                                 derivatives    staff costs      income      allowances         income      equipment        Others           Total

       At January 1, 2019           110,274       564,158        31,433         88,751         (99,963)         (3,476)      28,569        719,746

       (Charge) credit to
       profit or loss              (381,733)       58,173           (799)       20,796              —           1,077         1,033        (301,453)

       Charge to other
       comprehensive income               —             —             —             —          (76,623)             —            —          (76,623)

       Exchange differences               —             —             —             —               —              (78)          (2)            (80)

       At December 31, 2019        (271,459)      622,331        30,634        109,547        (176,586)         (2,477)      29,600        341,590

       (Charge) credit to
       profit or loss              (325,484)      839,028           (799)       38,367              —           2,526        51,411        605,049

       Credit to other
       comprehensive income               —             —             —             —           81,697              —            —          81,697

       Exchange differences               —             —             —             —               —              (49)         (24)            (73)

       At December 31, 2020        (596,943)    1,461,359        29,835        147,914         (94,889)             —        80,987       1,028,263




                                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                             307
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


28. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,
                                                                                         2020             2019

        Leasehold improvements and deferred expenses                                  348,166          281,341

        Prepayment for investment                                                     784,153          536,224

                                                                                    1,132,319          817,565



(2)   Movements of leasehold improvements and deferred expenses are as follows:


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                         2020             2019

        At the beginning of the year                                                  281,341          221,103

        Additions                                                                      88,987           98,022

        Transfer from construction in progress (note 19)                               88,203           53,456

        Amortization                                                                 (110,365)         (91,240)

        At the end of the year                                                        348,166          281,341



29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                         2020             2019

        Advances to customers                                                     81,861,589       55,318,037

        Less: Expected credit losses                                                 (107,239)         (93,418)

                                                                                  81,754,350       55,224,619

     The credit facility limits to margin clients are determined by the discounted market value of the collateral
securities accepted by the Group.
     The majority of the advances to customers which are secured by the underlying pledged securities and
cash collateral as disclosed in note 41 are interest bearing. The Group maintains a list of approved stocks for
margin lending at a specified loan-to-collateral ratio. Any excess in the lending ratio will trigger a margin call
upon which the customers have to make up the difference.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

308
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (Continued)

(2)   Analyzed by fair value of collateral of margin financing and securities lending business


                                                                                             As at December 31,

                                                                                                 2020                 2019

        Collateral measured at fair value:

        Cash                                                                                8,750,495           7,086,437

        Bonds                                                                               1,662,489           1,067,353

        Equity securities                                                              225,956,368            166,883,077

        Funds                                                                               7,125,528           1,193,700

                                                                                       243,494,880            176,230,567



(3)   The movements of allowance of impairment losses are as below


                                                                                             As at December 31,

                                                                                                 2020                 2019

        At the beginning of the year                                                           93,418             143,466

        Expected credit losses recognized                                                      15,117                1,386

        Reversal of expected credit losses                                                             —           (51,826)

        Exchange differences                                                                   (1,296)                 392

        At the end of the year                                                               107,239                93,418


                                                                  As at December 31, 2020

                                    12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)                   Total
        Principal and interest              81,761,933                35,247                 64,409               81,861,589
        Expected credit losses                  52,186                    66                 54,987                  107,239


                                                                  As at December 31, 2019

                                    12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)                   Total

        Principal and interest              55,185,388                    —                 132,649               55,318,037

        Expected credit losses                  33,655                    —                  59,763                   93,418

      The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the ageing analysis does not give additional value
in view of the nature of the securities margin financing business. As a result, no ageing analysis is disclosed.
      The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the size and uncorrelated nature of the customer base.


                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        309
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (Continued)

(4)   The following tables show reconciliation of expected credit losses that has been recognized for
      advances to customers


                                                                  Stage 2        Stage 3
                                                            Lifetime ECL        Lifetime
                                                Stage 1      (not credit-    ECL (credit-
                                               12m ECL         impaired)      impaired)     Total ECL

        As at January 1, 2020                    33,655               —           59,763      93,418

        Changes in the expected credit
        losses:

        — Transfer to Stage 1                         —               —               —            —

        — Transfer to Stage 2                        (12)             12              —            —

        — Transfer to Stage 3                         —               59             (59)          —

        — Charged (credit) to profit or loss     18,543                (5)        (4,717)     13,821

        As at December 31, 2020                  52,186               66          54,987     107,239


                                                                  Stage 2        Stage 3
                                                            Lifetime ECL        Lifetime
                                                Stage 1      (not credit-    ECL (credit-
                                               12m ECL         impaired)      impaired)     Total ECL

        As at January 1, 2019                    89,902           16,058          37,506     143,466

        Changes in the expected credit
        losses

        — Transfer to Stage 1                         —               —               —            —

        — Transfer to Stage 2                         —               —               —            —

        — Transfer to Stage 3                       (101)         (6,870)          6,971           —

        — (Credit) charged to profit or loss    (56,146)          (9,188)         15,286      (50,048)

        As at December 31, 2019                  33,655               —           59,763      93,418




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

310
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


30. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                                   2020              2019

            Accounts and other receivables from/related to:

            Clearing houses, brokers and dealers                                             2,548,885         1,726,337

            Fee and commission income                                                          851,361            729,316

            Other receivables                                                                  105,295             85,156

            Deposits of OTC derivative business(i)                                           2,274,104            142,124

            Dividends receivable                                                               213,354            262,354

            Prepayments                                                                        148,034            122,927

            Others                                                                             303,506            158,280

            Sub-total                                                                        6,444,539         3,226,494

            Less: Expected credit losses of accounts and other receivables                      (15,017)          (12,922)

                                                                                             6,429,522         3,213,572

      (i)      Fair value gain or losses arising from these business are recorded in derivative assets or liabilities.


(2)   Analyzed by ageing

     As at the end of the year, the ageing analysis of accounts receivable, which is primarily comprised of fees
and commission receivable and receivables related funds redemption, is as follow:

                                                      As at December 31, 2020              As at December 31, 2019

                                                                          Expected                             Expected
                                                         Amount        credit losses           Amount       credit losses

            Within 1 year                                 967,090                (579)         740,361              (1,467)

            Between 1 and 2 years                          26,620              (2,798)          21,468              (3,463)

            Between 2 and 3 years                          15,920              (4,296)            8,922             (4,441)

            Over 3 years                                     5,894             (4,213)            2,757                  (434)

                                                        1,015,524            (11,886)          773,508             (9,805)




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                          311
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


31. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

(1)   Analyzed by type


                                                                                              As at December 31,
                                                                                                  2020           2019
            Current
            Bonds issued by policy banks                                                  10,959,451       12,767,751
            Government bonds                                                              13,899,354       12,026,576
            Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions                   70,403       278,496
            Others(i)                                                                     19,685,392       20,661,484
                                                                                          44,614,600       45,734,307

      (i)       Others mainly comprise of corporate bonds, enterprise bonds, interbank negotiable certificates of
                deposit and medium term notes.


(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses is as below


                                                                                              As at December 31,
                                                                                                  2020           2019
            At the beginning of the year                                                         9,523          6,185
            Expected credit losses recognized                                                   10,478          3,338
            Reversal of expected credit losses                                                     (966)            —
            Exchange differences                                                                   (460)            —
            At the end of the year                                                              18,575          9,523


                                                                   As at December 31, 2020
                                     12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)             Total
            Principal and interest           44,569,218                45,382                     —          44,614,600
            Expected credit losses               18,501                    74                     —             18,575

                                                                   As at December 31, 2019
                                     12 months (stage 1)   Life time (stage 2)    Life time (stage 3)             Total
            Principal and interest           45,696,723                47,107                     —          45,743,830
            Expected credit losses                9,422                   101                     —               9,523

     During the year, there was no transfer between the stages of expected credit losses (2019: A balance of
33 thousand was transferred from stage 1 to stage 2.)

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

312
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


32. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                      As at December 31,

                                                                                          2020              2019

           Current

           Debt securities                                                        114,923,320        99,782,134

           Funds                                                                   15,558,117        16,125,036

           Equity investments(i)                                                   15,991,020        11,517,173

           Others(ii)                                                              19,557,575         8,012,868

           Sub-total                                                              166,030,032       135,437,211

           Non-current

           Equity investments(i)                                                    4,497,943         1,567,384

           Others(ii)                                                               3,067,089         1,141,473

           Sub-total                                                                7,565,032         2,708,857

                                                                                  173,595,064       138,146,068

     (i)       Equity investments comprise of unlisted equity investments.
     (ii)      Others mainly represent investments in collective asset management schemes, wealth management
               products, trusts and investments in limited partnerships.
     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are determined as described
in note 63.
      As at December 31, 2020, the Group entered into securities lending arrangement with clients that
resulted in transfer of equity securities at FVTPL with total fair values of RMB1,949,723 thousand (December
31, 2019: RMB1,054,100 thousand) to clients. These securities continued to be recognized as financial assets
of the Group.




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              313
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


33. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                     As at December 31, 2020                     As at December 31, 2019

                                               Notional           Fair Value               Notional           Fair Value
                                               principal                                   principal
                                               amounts         Assets      Liabilities     amounts         Assets     Liabilities

            Interest derivative instrument

              Interest rate swaps(i)         198,894,341      567,793          562,867   120,674,999      226,180          232,652

              Bond futures(i)                 18,901,393           —                —     10,781,605           —              332

            Equity derivative instrument

              Equity return swaps              7,423,537      284,354          144,448      260,660       182,909               —

              Stock index futures(i)           6,474,865          629            1,519     5,617,793           —                —

              Options(ii)                     73,830,936      852,590      2,141,499      38,826,908      246,616          812,673

            Currency derivatives

              Foreign exchange contracts      41,649,414          295          166,592     1,082,416          477            1,164

            Credit derivatives

              Credit default swaps              733,498         3,885            4,735      123,000           534            5,413

            Other derivative instrument

              Commodity futures(i)            14,194,605          200           15,541    39,138,422    1,120,349     1,105,762

              Commodity swaps                   731,767         7,976            2,847     3,818,084       16,373            2,972

              Commodity                        1,465,705        8,617           12,005      980,607        12,381           22,254

              Bond forward contracts            900,000            —            19,749            —            —                —

            Total                            365,200,061    1,726,339      3,071,802     221,304,494    1,805,819     2,183,222

      (i)       Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position
                in the PRC futures contracts, interest rate swaps of Shanghai Clearing House and foreign exchange
                contracts of China Foreign Exchange Trade System were settled daily and the corresponding receipts and
                payments were included in “clearing settlement funds”. Accordingly, the net onshore position of these
                contracts was offset at the year-end date.
      (ii)      Options: Included in options are over-the-counter options, exchanged-traded options and embedded
                derivatives of structure notes.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

314
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


34. DEPOSITS WITH EXCHANGES AND NON-BANK FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                            As at December 31,

                                                                                2020              2019

    Deposits with stock exchanges and clearing houses:

    China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited          1,550,408           803,393

    Shanghai Clearing House                                                 335,254           279,848

    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                           145,480             76,942

    The SEHK Options Clearing House Limited                                    8,195                 —

    China Beijing Equity Exchange                                              1,434             1,803

    Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                                     568             1,948

    Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges and
    financial institutions:

    China Financial Futures Exchange                                      3,914,321         1,278,981

    Shanghai Futures Exchange                                               808,364           557,597

    Dalian Commodity Exchange                                               690,921           227,916

    Pingan Futures Co., Ltd.                                                384,182           270,627

    Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                                            282,366           144,770

    Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                                                185,803           120,158

    Jianxin Futures Co., Ltd.                                               172,290           115,422

    Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd.                                                158,406             25,813

    CITIC Futures Co., Ltd.                                                 123,774           109,641

    Yongan Futures Co., Ltd                                                 123,581           107,114

    Shanghai Gold Exchange                                                  113,704             43,598

    Shanghai International Energy Exchange                                    36,394            16,242

    Hong Kong Futures Exchange                                                15,369             9,673

    London Metal Exchange                                                     13,050          222,572

    Chicago Mercantile Exchange                                                3,262             3,488

    Intercontinental Exchange                                                     —           363,232

    Others                                                                       107               112

                                                                          9,067,233          4,780,890




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                    315
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


35. CLEARING SETTLEMENT FUNDS

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2020             2019

        Clearing settlement funds held with clearing houses for:

        House accounts                                                         8,550,783       4,346,364

        Clients                                                               13,978,557       8,125,252

                                                                              22,529,340      12,471,616

      These clearing settlement funds are held by the clearing houses for the Group and these balances carry
interest at prevailing market interest rates.


36. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2020             2019

        House accounts                                                        10,893,205       8,827,376

        Pledged and restricted bank deposits

        — Restricted bank deposit for purchase of bond, stock and
          as risk reserves and credit                                          1,674,562           60,040

        Bank balances — house accounts                                        12,567,767       8,887,416

        Cash held on behalf of customers                                      70,270,826      53,040,323

                                                                              82,838,593      61,927,739




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

316
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


37. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

   Cash and cash equivalents comprise the followings:

                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                                      2020              2019

         Bank balances — house accounts (note 36)                               12,567,767        8,887,416

         Clearing settlement funds — house accounts (note 35)                    8,550,783        4,346,364

         Less: Pledged and restricted bank deposits (note 36)                   (1,674,562)          (60,040)

                                                                                19,443,988       13,173,740



38. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                                      2020              2019

         Current

         Secured bank borrowings(i)                                                      —            22,339

         Unsecured bank borrowings(ii)                                           3,289,462        3,078,825

         Interest accrued                                                              833             2,509

                                                                                 3,290,295        3,103,673

   (i)      As at December 31, 2020, the Group had no secured bank borrowings (As at December 31, 2019, the
            Group pledged notes payable with market value amounting to RMB23 million for these borrowings. The
            discount rate was 2.90%).
   (ii)     As at December 31, 2020, the Group’s short-term unsecured bank borrowings floating interest rates
            ranged from 1.10% to 1.50% (December 31, 2019: 1.65% to 5.81%) per annum.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          317
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


39. SHORT-TERM DEBT INSTRUMENTS


                                                                        As at      Issuance/                       As at
                                                                    January 1,         Other                 December 31,
                                                      Coupon rate        2020       Transfer   Redemption           2020

            Short-term bond payables(i)                    2.85%            —      2,100,000            —       2,100,000

            Short-term financing bills payables(ii)                 20,000,000    62,000,000    82,000,000             —

            Principals of structured notes(iii)       3.00%-3.90%   12,915,760    47,602,802    26,677,450     33,841,112

            Interest accrued                                          182,856       982,037       889,247         275,646

                                                                    33,098,616   112,684,839   109,566,697     36,216,758


                                                                        As at      Issuance/                       As at
                                                                    January 1,         Other                 December 31,
                                                      Coupon rate        2019       Transfer   Redemption           2019

            Short-term bond payables(i)                              9,000,000     5,000,000    14,000,000             —

            Short-term financing bills payables(ii)   2.90%-3.15%    5,000,000    61,000,000    46,000,000     20,000,000

            Principals of structured notes(iii)       2.80%-3.55%   20,051,050    14,484,840    21,620,130     12,915,760

            Interest accrued                                          799,426       946,104      1,562,674        182,856

                                                                    34,850,476    81,430,944    83,182,804     33,098,616

      (i)       Short-term bond payables
                As at December 31, 2020, the short-term bond payables interest rate was 2.85% per annum. As at
                December 31, 2019, the Group had no short term bond payables.
      (ii)      Short-term financing bills payable
                As at December 31, 2020, the Group had no short-term financing bills payable. As at December 31,
                2019, the short-term financing bills payable were bonds issued in the PRC Inter-Bank market by the
                Group and the interest rates ranged from 2.90% to 3.15% per annum.
      (iii)     Principals of structured notes
                As at December 31, 2020, the amount represents principals received from investors for subscription of
                structured notes issued by the Group. The structured notes bore fixed interest rates ranged from 3.00%
                to 3.90% (December 31, 2019: 2.80% to 3.55%) per annum, or variable rates linked to certain stock
                index. The principals and interest are repayable upon maturity within one year. The structured notes
                with variable rate contain non-closely related derivative as their returns are linked to the fluctuation of
                stock index. For those embedded derivatives, they are accounted for as derivatives in note 33 after being
                bifurcated from their respective host contracts.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

318
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


40. PLACEMENTS FROM BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                                           2020               2019

           Placement from banks(i)                                                  10,000,000          2,500,000

           Placement from other financial institutions(ii)                            1,000,000         4,500,000

           Interest accrued                                                                2,762            13,199

                                                                                    11,002,762          7,013,199

     (i)      As at December 31, 2020, the effective interest rates on amount due to banks ranged from 2.20% to
              3.35% (December 31, 2019: 2.73% to 3.25%) per annum. The amounts are repayable within seven days
              from the end of the reporting period.
     (ii)     As at December 31, 2020, the effective interest rate on amount due to other financial institutions was
              2.80% (December 31, 2019: 3.25% to 3.50%) per annum. The amounts are repayable within six months
              from the end of the reporting period.


41. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE TO BROKERAGE CLIENTS

                                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                                           2020               2019

           Clients’ deposits for margin financing and securities lending              8,750,495         7,086,437

           Clients’ deposits for other brokerage business                           76,690,748         54,637,783

                                                                                    85,441,243         61,724,220

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent money received from and repayable to brokerage
clients, which are mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage
clients are interest bearing at the prevailing interest rate.
     The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayable on demand except where certain accounts
payable to brokerage clients represent money received from clients for their margin financing activities under
normal course of business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excessive amounts over
the required margin deposits and cash collateral stipulated is repayable on demand.
      The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the ageing analysis does not give additional value
in view of the nature of these businesses. As a result, no ageing analysis is disclosed.




                                                                                                   2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                319
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


42. ACCRUED STAFF COSTS

                                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                                           2020             2019

            Non-current

            Salaries, bonus and allowances                                              395,360          525,040



            Current

            Salaries, bonus and allowances                                            6,631,362        4,939,112

            Short-term social welfare                                                    52,054           52,054

            Defined contribution plans(i)                                                  1,132            1,416

            Others                                                                       75,289           50,295

                                                                                      6,759,837        5,042,877

      (i)      The defined contribution plans refer to social pension insurance plan and unemployment insurance plan
               required by the government, and annuity scheme launched by the Group. The Group participates in
               the social pension insurance plan and unemployment insurance plan pursuant to pertinent regulations
               and contributes to the funds set up by the Government on a monthly basis. Besides, the group sets up
               annuity schemes and MPF Scheme for qualified employees in the PRC and Hong Kong and contributes to
               the schemes which are managed by third parties on an annual basis or on a monthly basis.
     The total expense recognized in profit or loss of RMB314,248 thousand (2019: RMB383,878 thousand)
represents contributions payable to these plans by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the plans. As
at December 31, 2020, contributions of RMB1,132 thousand due in respect of the year ended December 31,
2020 had not been paid to the plans (December 31, 2019: RMB1,416 thousand). The amounts were paid
subsequent to the end of the year.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

320
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


43. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED CHARGES

                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                             2020              2019

         Settlement payables to brokers and clearing houses                             7,241,096        3,149,435

         Dividends payables to holders of other equity instruments                        592,196           592,196

         Deposits of equity return swaps(i)                                             7,255,884        1,566,393

         Other tax payable                                                                907,744           411,785

         Commission and handling fee payable                                              120,918            98,083

         Futures risk reserve                                                              93,682            81,315

         Notes payable                                                                  1,658,700           615,000

         Others(ii)                                                                       581,635           333,765

                                                                                      18,451,855         6,847,972

   (i)       As at December 31, 2020 and 2019, the balance represents deposits received from investors on equity
             return swaps which is refundable according to the contract terms upon the expiry date. The deposit
             will be mature within one year from the end of the reporting period. These instruments contain non-
             closely related embedded derivatives as their returns are linked to the fluctuation of certain stock index
             or specific stock price. For those embedded derivatives with significant fair values, they are accounted
             for in these consolidated financial statements under note 33 after being bifurcated form their respective
             host contracts.
   (ii)      Others mainly represent payables of annual membership fees, investor protection fund, and other
             payables arising from normal course of business.




                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 321
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


44. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                     As at December 31,
                                                                                         2020             2019
        Non-current
        Financial liabilities designated at fair value through
        profit or loss
        — Structured entities                                                       2,692,207        2,157,877


        Current
        Financial liabilities held for trading
        — Equity securities                                                           345,689          147,189
        — Debt securities                                                           9,581,296        6,922,046
        — Gold                                                                        312,000          166,992
        — Others                                                                      976,179          143,194
        Financial liabilities designated at fair value through
        profit or loss
        — Structured entities                                                          34,680          539,088
                                                                                  11,249,844         7,918,509

     In the consolidated financial statements, financial liabilities arising from consolidated structured entities
are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to pay other
investors based on net book value and related terms upon maturity dates of the structured entities.


45. FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

                                                                                     As at December 31,
                                                                                         2020             2019
        Current
        Analyzed by collateral type:
        Bonds                                                                    101,396,458       93,513,611
        Gold                                                                      17,861,737         4,193,075
                                                                                 119,258,195       97,706,686
        Analyzed by market:
        Stock exchanges                                                           55,797,441       43,775,212
        Interbank bond market                                                     60,308,055       53,797,755
        Over-the-counter                                                            3,152,699          133,719
                                                                                 119,258,195       97,706,686

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

322
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


45. FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

      Sales and repurchase agreements are transactions in which the Group sells a security as well as rights
and interests in margin loans and simultaneous agree to repurchase it (or an asset that is substantially
the same) at the agreed date and price. The repurchase prices are fixed and the Group is still exposed to
substantially all the credit risks, market risk and rewards of those securities sold. These securities are not
derecognized from the financial statements but regarded as “collateral” for the liabilities because the Group
retains substantially all the risk and rewards of these securities and margin loans.
     As at December 31, 2020, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with its repurchase financing
business amounted to RMB110,364 million (December 31, 2019: RMB103,130 million).


46. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2020              2019

       Within 1 year                                                               294,159          267,627

       Within a period of more than 1 year but not more than 2 years               237,189          216,646

       Within a period of more than 2 years but not more than 5 years              415,381          405,271

       Within a period of more than 5 years                                        313,670          362,603

       Sub-total                                                                 1,260,399        1,252,147

       Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown
       under current liabilities                                                  (294,159)         (267,627)

       Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
       under non-current liabilities                                               966,240          984,520




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          323
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


47. SHARE CAPITAL

   All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The
Company’s number of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2020             2019

        Registered, issued and fully paid ordinary shares of RMB1 each:

        At the beginning of the year

        — Domestic shares                                                         5,719,009        5,719,009

        — Foreign invested shares                                                   980,400          980,400

                                                                                  6,699,409        6,699,409

        Effect of rights issue

        — Domestic shares                                                         1,702,997                —

        — Foreign invested shares                                                   294,120                —

                                                                                  1,997,117                —

        At the end of the year

        — Domestic shares                                                         7,422,006        5,719,009

        — Foreign invested shares                                                 1,274,520          980,400

                                                                                  8,696,526        6,699,409

     Pursuant to the CSRC’s Approval in respect of the Rights Issue of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
(Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 723)*(《關於核准招商證券股份有限公司配股的批覆》(證監許可[2020] 723號)),
the new A Share rights share were allotted to all A Shareholders on the basis of three A Share rights shares for
every ten existing A Shares (“A Share Rights Issue”). On July 20, 2020, the Company completed the A Share
Rights Issue, and 1,702,997,123 new A Share rights shares had been allotted and issued at a price of RMB7.46
per share, raising funds of RMB12.704 billion. The new A Shares were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
on July 31, 2020.
      Pursuant to the CSRC’s Approval in respect of the Rights Issue of Overseas Listed Foreign Shares of China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2019] No. 1946)* (《關於核准招商證券股份有限公司境外上
市外資股配股的批覆》(證監許可[2019]1946號)), the new H Share rights shares were allotted to the Qualified
H Shareholders on the basis of three H Share rights shares for every ten existing H Shares (“H Share Rights
Issue”). As of the Last Payment Day dated August 11, 2020, 294,120,354 new H Share rights shares had been
allotted and issued at a price of HKD8.185 per share, raising funds of HKD2.407 billion. The new H Shares
were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 20, 2020.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

324
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


47. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

      During the year, the Company settled its treasury stocks and the number of shares and the consideration
received are as follows:

                                                                                                Aggregate
                                                                                  No. of     Consideration
       Month of settlement                                               Treasury stocks          received

       February 2020                                                          40,020,780            663,954

      On March 12, 2019, the 17th Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was held to
consider and approve an A Share Repurchase Plan. On April 11, 2019, the Company issued an announcement
that it intended to use all the A Shares repurchased for the Employee Stock Ownership Scheme according
to relevant regulations. On December 26, 2019, the Company issued an announcement of Implementation
Results and Share Changes of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. At the 28th meeting of the sixth session
of the Board held on December 26, 2019, the Company approved the Proposal on Early Completion of
Repurchase A Shares of the Company. The aggregate number of A Shares repurchased by the Company
through the centralized bidding was 40,020,780, accounting for 0.5974% of the Company’s total existing
share capital and the aggregate amount paid by the Company was RMB663,895,568.36 (excluding
transaction fees).
     On January 15, 2020, the first extraordinary general meeting was held by the Company to consider
and approve the resolution in relation to the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Scheme. The Company
engaged China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“China Merchants Asset Management”) as
the management organization for this Employee Stock Ownership Scheme, and signed the Contract of China
Merchants Asset Management-China Merchants Securities No.1 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme Single
Asset Management Plan. On February 7, the Company received the full amount for the stock repurchase from
the Single Asset Management Plan. On March 3, 2020, the process of the registration and transfer of the
target stock has been completed.


48. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                     2020              2019

       Perpetual subordinated bonds                                            15,000,000       15,000,000

     The Company issued four batches of perpetual subordinated bonds with a total principal amount
of RMB4,000,000,000, RMB5,000,000,000, RMB3,700,000,000 and RMB2,300,000,000 in February,
March, May and June 2017, with the initial interest rate of 5.18%, 5.15%, 5.65% and 5.58% per annum,
respectively. The interest rate for perpetual subordinated bonds are repriced every five years.
      The perpetual subordinated bonds are unsecured, upon the maturity of every repricing cycle, the
Company has the option to extend the maturity of the bonds for another repricing cycle, or redeem the bonds
entirely.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         325
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


48. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The Company has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest
payments, so that at each interest payment date, the Company may choose to defer the interest payment
to the next payment date for the current year as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred,
without being subject to any limitation with respect to the number of deferrals. Of which, mandatory interest
payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders of the Company from the issuer
and reductions of registered capital.
      The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified and presented as equity
instruments in the consolidated statement of financial position.


49. INVESTMENT REVALUATION RESERVE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE
    THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                     2020             2019

        At the beginning of the year                                              542,629         299,070

        Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

          Net changes in fair value for the year                                 (160,799)        153,397

          Reclassification to profit or loss                                     (316,546)        (183,740)

          Income tax impact                                                       120,732            7,464

        Expected credit losses of debt instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income

          Net changes in fair value for the year                                    9,511            3,314

          Income tax impact                                                           242             (286)

        Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
        income

          Net changes in fair value for the year                                  163,467         335,203

          Income tax impact                                                       (40,867)         (83,801)

        Share of fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income of associates

          Share of other comprehensive income that will not be
          reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                             (22,095)               —

          Share of other comprehensive income that will be
          reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                               (7,648)         12,008

        At the end of the year                                                    288,626         542,629




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

326
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


50. GENERAL RESERVES

     General reserves include statutory reserve, general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.
      Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and the Company’s articles of association, 10% of the net
profit of the Company, as determined under the relevant accounting rules and financial regulations applicable
to enterprises in the PRC, is required to be transferred to the statutory reserve until such time when this
reserve reaches 50% of the share capital of the Company. The reserve appropriated can be used for expansion
of business and capitalization. If the statutory reserve is capitalized into share capital, the remaining reserve is
required to be no less than 25% of the Company’s registered capital before capitalization.
     In accordance with the “Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises”, the Company is required to
appropriate 10% of net profit derived in accordance with the People’s Republic of China Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (“PRC GAAP”) before distribution to shareholders as general risk reserve
from retained profits. Moreover, in accordance with the requirements of the guidance of China Securities
Regulatory Commission’s (“CSRC”) about regulating financial institutions in the asset management business
for collective asset management business of securities, the subsidiary, China Merchants Securities Asset
Management Co., Ltd. had appropriated of 10% of management fees from large-size collective assets
management business as general risk reserve since December 2018.
     The Company appropriates 10% of net profit derived in accordance with PRC GAAP before distribution
to shareholders as transaction risk reserve from retained profits and cannot be distributed or transferred to
share capital.
     The movements of the general reserves are set out below:
     As at December 31, 2020

                                                                       At the
                                                                   beginning                          At the end
                                                                  of the year         Addition        of the year
           Statutory reserve(i)                                     5,236,148                 —        5,236,148
           General risk reserve                                     5,738,813        1,176,084         6,914,897
           Transaction risk reserve                                 5,426,465          937,129         6,363,594
                                                                   16,401,426        2,113,213        18,514,639

     As at December 31, 2019

                                                                       At the
                                                                   beginning                          At the end
                                                                  of the year         Addition        of the year
           Statutory reserve                                        4,662,350          573,798         5,236,148
           General risk reserve                                     4,669,075        1,069,738         5,738,813
           Transaction risk reserve                                 4,533,538          892,927         5,426,465
                                                                   13,864,963        2,536,463        16,401,426

     (i)      The statutory reserve has reached 50% of the share capital of the Company at 31 December 2020.
              Therefore, none of the net profit of the Company has been transferred to the statutory surplus during
              the year.




                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               327
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


51. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                  2020            2019

        Unsecured bank borrowings                                              252,375       1,140,394

        Interest accrued                                                           629           4,486

                                                                               253,004       1,144,880

      As at December 31, 2020, the Group’s unsecured long-term bank borrowings due within one year bore
interest rates ranged from 1.426% to 1.467% (December 31, 2019: 4.014% to 4.066%) per annum.


52. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                  2020            2019

        Unsecured bank borrowings                                              418,353         268,735

     As at December 31, 2020, the Group’s unsecured long-term bank borrowings bore floating interest rate
of 1.713% (December 31, 2019: 3.711% to 3.893%) per annum.


53. BONDS PAYABLE DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                  2020            2019

        Non-convertible bonds (1)                                           35,238,855       7,060,000

        Subordinated bonds                                                           —       6,790,000

        Interest accrued                                                     1,700,906       1,628,614
                                                                            36,939,761      15,478,614




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

328
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


53. BONDS PAYABLE DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR (Continued)

(1)   The following table presents an analysis of non-convertible bonds


                                                       Issue            Value         Maturity          Coupon
            Name                                     amount              date            date              rate

            18CMG1(i)                              1,940,000       05/02/2018      05/02/2021             5.35%

            18CMG3(ii)                             1,000,000       12/06/2018      12/06/2021             4.78%

            18CMG5(ii)                             2,500,000       18/07/2018      18/07/2021             4.38%

            18CMG6(ii)                             3,000,000       08/08/2018      08/08/2021             3.94%

            18CMG8(ii)                             1,800,000       07/09/2018      07/09/2021             4.23%

            18CMF10(iii)                           2,500,000       05/12/2018      05/12/2021             4.15%

            GF Assets Management —
            China Merchants Securities
            Capital Lending Phase II
            Asset-backed Special Plan(iv)          3,000,000       18/03/2019      18/03/2021             3.70%

            19CMF3(v)                              1,700,000       10/04/2019      10/04/2021             3.85%

            19CMF5(v)                              2,000,000       25/04/2019      25/04/2021             4.08%

            19CMF8(v)                              4,000,000       29/05/2019      29/05/2021             3.78%

            20CMF1(v)                              3,000,000       11/03/2020      26/03/2021             2.65%

            20CMF3(v)                              2,000,000       25/03/2020      14/04/2021             2.65%

            20CMF5(v)                              3,000,000       25/05/2020      09/06/2021             2.00%

            20CMF6(v)                              2,000,000       11/06/2020      08/07/2021             2.63%

            20CMG2(vi)                             1,800,000       13/08/2020      26/08/2021             2.93%

      (i)      According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
               Corporate Bonds to Qualified Investors” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2017] No. 1669), the Company is approved
               to publicly offer corporate bond to qualified investors with total principal amount not exceeding
               RMB8,500 million. The Company successively issued four batches corporate bonds on Shanghai Stock
               Exchange, including 17CMG1, 17CMG2, 17CMG3 and 18CMG1, of which the issued amounts are
               RMB4,500 million, RMB1,060 million, RMB1,000 million and RMB1,940 million, respectively. Therein,
               17CMG1, 17CMG2 and 17CMG3 were repaid when they were due.
      (ii)     According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
               Corporate Bonds to Qualified Investors” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 612), the Company was approved
               to publicly offer corporate bonds to qualified investors with total principal amount not exceeding
               RMB11,800 million. The Company successively issued five batches of corporate bonds, including
               18CMG2, 18CMG3, 18CMG5, 18CMG6, 18CMG8 and 19CMG1, on Shanghai Stock Exchange, and the
               first batch includes two types of bonds. The amounts of these corporate bonds are RMB2,000 million,
               RMB1,000 million, RMB2,500 million, RMB3,000 million, RMB1,800 million and RMB1,500 million,
               respectively. Therein, 18CMG2 was repaid during this year. 19CMG1 is disclosed in Note 54.



                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              329
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


53. BONDS PAYABLE DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR (Continued)

(1)   The following table presents an analysis of non-convertible bonds (Continued)

      (iii)   According to Shanghai Stock Exchange “Letter of Consent on China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
              Listing the Non-publicly Offered Corporate Bonds for Transfer” (Shang Zheng Han [2018] No. 160), the
              Company was approved to privately offer corporate bonds to qualified investors with total principal
              amount not exceeding RMB40,000 million. The Company issued private corporate bond 18CMF10 with
              an aggregate amounts of RMB2,500 million.
      (iv)    According to Shenzhen Stock Exchange “Letter of Consent on Listing GF Assets Management — China
              Merchants Securities Capital Lending Phase (I-X) Asset-backed Special Plan” (the “Special Plan”), the
              Company was approved to adopt the method of issuance by phases with total principal amount not
              exceeding RMB8,000 million. The Company successively established four phases of the Special Plan
              with issue amounts of RMB1,000 million, RMB3,000 million, RMB2,000 million and RMB2,000 million,
              respectively, of which priority class holders account for 95%. Therein, Phase I and Phase IV of the Special
              Plan were repaid during this year. Phase III of the Special Plan is disclosed in Note 54.
      (v)     According to Shanghai Stock Exchange “Letter of Consent on China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
              Listing the Non-publicly Offered Corporate Bonds for Transfer” (Shang Zheng Han [2019] No. 523), the
              Company was approved to privately offer corporate bonds to qualified investors with total principal
              amount not exceeding RMB45,000 million. The Company successively issued seven batches of private
              corporate bonds on Shanghai Stock Exchange, of which the first batch, the second batch, the fifth
              batch and the seventh batch all include two types of bonds. The amounts issued are RMB1,700
              million, RMB3,600 million, RMB2,000 million, RMB4,000 million, RMB4,000 million, RMB3,000 million,
              RMB2,000 million, RMB1,500 million, RMB3,000 million, RMB2,000 million and RMB4,000 million,
              respectively. Therein, 19CMF4, 19CMF6, 20CMF4 and 20CMF7 are disclosed in Note 54.
      (vi)    According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
              Corporate Bonds to Qualified Investors” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No.1322), the Company was approved
              to publicly offer corporate bonds to qualified investors with total principal amount not exceeding
              RMB25,000 million. The Company successively issued four batches of corporate bonds with terms of
              over one year on Shanghai Stock Exchange including 20CMG1, 20CMG2, 20CMG3, 20CMG4, 20CMG5,
              20CMG6 and 20CMG7, of which the second batch, the third batch and the fourth batch all include
              two types of bonds. The amounts issued are RMB3,000 million, RMB1,800 million, RMB3,000 million,
              RMB2,900 million, RMB2,900 million, RMB3,000 million and RMB1,000 million, respectively. Therein,
              20CMG1, 20CMG3, 20CMG4, 20CMG5, 20CMG6 and 20CMG7 are disclosed in Note 54.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

330
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


54. BONDS PAYABLE

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                     2020              2019

       Non-convertible bonds(1)                                                50,308,981       50,512,888

       Subordinated bonds(2)                                                    5,489,886                 —

       Principal of structured notes                                             242,000                  —

                                                                               56,040,867       50,512,888



(1)   The details of non-convertible bonds are as follows:


                                                         Issue         Value       Maturity         Coupon
       Name                              Currency      amount           date          date             rate

       12CM03(i)                             RMB     5,500,000    05/03/2013     05/03/2023          5.15%

       14CM bond(ii)                         RMB     5,500,000    26/05/2015     26/05/2025          5.08%

       19CMG1 (Note53(1)(ii))                RMB     1,500,000    08/03/2019     08/03/2022          3.59%

       19CMF4 (Note53(1)(v))                 RMB     3,600,000    10/04/2019     10/04/2022          4.00%

       19CMF6 (Note53(1)(v))                 RMB     4,000,000    25/04/2019     25/04/2022          4.28%

       GF Assets Management —
       China Merchants
       Securities Capital Lending
       Phase III Asset-backed
       Special Plan (Note53(1)(iv))          RMB     2,000,000    25/04/2019     25/04/2022          4.20%

       19CM01BC(iii)                         RMB     5,000,000    11/10/2019     11/10/2022          3.45%

       CMSEC N2301(iv)                       USD       300,000    21/01/2020     21/01/2023         2.625%

       20CMF4 (Note53(1)(v))                 RMB     1,500,000    25/03/2020     25/03/2022          2.85%

       20CMF7 (Note53(1)(v))                 RMB     4,000,000    11/06/2020     11/06/2022          3.15%

       20CMG1 (Note53(1)(vi))                RMB     3,000,000    22/07/2020     22/07/2023          3.55%

       20CMG3 (Note53(1)(vi))                RMB     3,000,000    13/08/2020     13/08/2023          3.50%

       20CMG4 (Note53(1)(vi))                RMB     2,900,000    21/09/2020     21/09/2022          3.55%

       20CMG5 (Note53(1)(vi))                RMB     2,900,000    21/09/2020     21/09/2023          3.78%

       20CMG6 (Note53(1)(vi))                RMB     3,000,000    26/10/2020     26/10/2022          3.43%

       20CMG7 (Note53(1)(vi))                RMB     1,000,000    26/10/2020     26/10/2023          3.63%




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         331
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


54. BONDS PAYABLE (Continued)

(1)   The details of non-convertible bonds are as follows: (Continued)

      (i)     According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
              Corporate Bonds” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2013] No. 73), the Company was approved to publicly offer
              corporate bonds with total principal amount not exceeding RMB10,000 million. On 5 March 2013,
              the Company issued corporate bonds amounting to RMB10,000 million on Shanghai Stock Exchange,
              including 12CM01 amounting to RMB3,000 million, 12CM02 amounting to RMB1,500, and 12CM03
              amounting to RMB5,500 million, respectively. Therein, 12CM01 and 12CM02 were repaid in 2018.
      (ii)    According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly offer
              Corporate Bonds” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2015] No. 512), the Company was approved to publicly offer
              corporate bonds with total principal amount not exceeding RMB5,500 million. On May 26, 2015, the
              Company issued 14CM bond of RMB5,500 million on Shanghai Stock Exchange.
      (iii)   According to CSRC “Regulatory Advices on Issuance of Financial Bonds by China Merchants Securities
              Co., Ltd. “ (Ji Gou Bu Han [2019] No. 1581) and “Decisions of the People’s Bank of China on Approval
              of Administrative License” (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2019] No. 101), the Company was approved to
              publicly offer financial bonds with total principal amount not exceeding RMB5,000 million. On October
              11, 2019, the Company issued 19CM01BC of RMB5,000 million on National Interbank Funding Center.
      (iv)    On January 21, 2020, the Company issued a tranche of offshore Dollar bonds on Hong Kong Exchanges.
              The total principal amount is USD300 million.


(2)   The details of subordinated corporate bonds are as follows:


                                                       Issue            Value         Maturity          Coupon
            Name                                     amount              date            date              rate

            20CMC1                                 4,430,000       03/12/2020       03/06/2023            4.38%

            20CMC2                                 1,070,000       03/12/2020       03/12/2023            4.43%

     According to CSRC “Reply on Approval of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly Offered
Subordinated Bonds to Professional Investors” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 3138), the Company was
approved to publicly offer subordinated bonds to professional investors with total principal amount not
exceeding RMB30,000 million. On December 3, 2020, the Company issued two types of the first batch
subordinated bonds on Shanghai Stock Exchange, of which the issued amounts are RMB4,430 million and
RMB1,070 million, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

332
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


55. DIVIDENDS TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND DISTRIBUTION
    TO THE HOLDERS OF OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                     2020              2019

       Dividends recognized as distribution                                    2,913,336         1,768,644

       Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                       802,090           802,090

     Pursuant to the resolution of the second extraordinary shareholders meeting held on October 30, 2020,
the Company declared cash dividends of RMB3.35 for every 10 shares (tax included) based on 8,696,526,806
shares. In aggregate, it amounted to RMB2,913,336 thousand for the six months ended June 30, 2020.
     Pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders meeting held on June 28, 2019, the Company declared
cash dividends of RMB2.64 for every 10 shares (tax included) based on 6,699,409,329 shares. In aggregate, it
amounted to RMB1,768,644 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2018.
     During the year of 2020, dividend of the Group on perpetual bonds amounted to RMB802,090 thousand
(2019: RMB802,090 thousand).


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

(1)   Repurchase agreements

     The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell Group’s securities
and interests in margin loans and the proceeds are presented as financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements.




                                                                                            2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                         333
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)

(1)   Repurchase agreements (Continued)

     The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values related to transferred
financial assets that are not derecognized in their entirety and the associated liabilities:
      As at December 31, 2020

                                                                                                    Debt
                                                                                           instruments
                                                    Financial assets            Debt       at fair value
                                                        at fair value    instruments     through other         Securities/
                                                            through     at amortized    comprehensive       gold lending
                                                       profit or loss            cost            income    arrangements            Total

        Carrying amount of transferred assets            76,612,853          802,735        27,467,723        22,926,836     127,810,147

        Carrying amount of associated liabilities        71,486,581          749,023        25,629,820        21,392,771     119,258,195

        Net position                                      5,126,272           53,712         1,837,903         1,534,065       8,551,952

      As at December 31, 2019

                                                                                                    Debt
                                                                                           instruments
                                                    Financial assets            Debt       at fair value
                                                        at fair value    instruments     through other         Securities
                                                            through     at amortized    comprehensive            lending
                                                       profit or loss            cost            income    arrangements            Total

        Carrying amount of transferred assets            62,642,843          459,778        31,677,046         5,255,033     100,034,700

        Carrying amount of associated liabilities        61,185,015          449,078        30,939,856         5,132,737      97,706,686

        Net position                                      1,457,828           10,700           737,190           122,296       2,328,014



(2)   Securities lending arrangements

      The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients to lend out its financial assets
classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with carrying amount totaling RMB1,666,659
thousand as at December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: RMB855,997 thousand) and equity instruments at
fair value through other comprehensive income with carrying amount totaling RMB199,950 thousand as at
December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: none), which are secured by client’s securities and deposits held
as collateral. As stipulated in the securities lending agreements, the legal ownership of these securities is
transferred to the customers. Although the customers are allowed to sell these securities during the covered
period, they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at specified future dates. The Group
has determined that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and therefore has not
derecognized these securities in the consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

334
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)

(3)   Securities borrowing arrangements

      The Group borrowed securities from interbank securities market platform for the business of financial
assets sold under repurchase agreements and securities short selling, and simultaneously offers bonds
classified as financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, debt instruments at fair value through
other comprehensive income and debt instruments at amortized cost as collateral to the counterparties. As
at December 31, 2020 and 2019, the type and fair values of financial assets borrowed from banks through
interbank securities market trading platform for the purpose of financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements are as follows:

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2020              2019

       Treasury bonds                                                          5,773,859        5,547,770

       Local government bonds                                                  1,884,738        1,536,264

       Policy bank bonds                                                       9,067,935        5,316,155

                                                                              16,726,532       12,400,189

     As at December 31, 2020, the above securities borrowing transactions are due before March 12, 2021.
As at December 31, 2019, the above securities borrowing transactions are due before April 24, 2020.
     As at December 31, 2020 and 2019, the type and fair values of securities pledged for the Group’s
securities borrowing arrangements are as follows:

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2020              2019

       Bonds                                                                  15,861,217       11,036,469



57. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

      As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Group does not have any significant capital commitments.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                        335
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS

     The emoluments of directors and supervisors of the Company paid and/or payable by the Group for the
years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 are set out below:
      Year ended December 31, 2020

                                                       Salaries,     Retirement
                                                    allowances          benefits
                                                   and benefits          scheme                    Total
        Name                                Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments

        Executive directors:

          HUO Da                              —           2,068             243      6,547         8,858

          XIONG Jiantao                       —           2,068             243      6,547         8,858

                                              —           4,136             486     13,094        17,716

        Non-executive directors:

          SU Jian                             —              —                —         —             —

          XIONG Xianliang                     —              —                —         —             —

          SU Min                              —              —                —         —             —

          PENG Lei                            —              —                —         —             —

          GAO Hong(1)                         —              —                —         —             —

          HUANG Jian                          —              —                —         —             —

          WANG Daxiong                        —              —                —         —             —

          WANG Wen                            —              —                —         —             —

                                              —              —                —         —             —

        Independent non-executive
        directors:

          XIANG Hua                          200             —                —         —           200

          XIAO Houfa                         200             —                —         —           200

          XIONG Wei                          200             —                —         —           200

          HU Honggao                         200             —                —         —           200

          WANG Di                            200             —                —         —           200

                                           1,000             —                —         —          1,000




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

336
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

   Year ended December 31, 2020 (Continued)

                                                 Salaries,     Retirement
                                              allowances          benefits
                                             and benefits          scheme                    Total
    Name                              Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments

    Supervisors:

      ZHOU Linda Lei                    —           1,640             217      5,266         7,123

      LI Xiaofei                        —              —                —         —             —

      WANG Zhangwei                     —              —                —         —             —

      MA Yunchun                        —              —                —         —             —

      ZHANG Zhen(2)                     —              —                —         —             —

      ZOU Qun(3)                        —              —                —         —             —

      YIN Hongyan                       —             953             156      2,659         3,768

      HE Min                            —             676             138      1,894         2,708

      SHEN Weihua(4)                    —             126               6        210           342

      XIONG Zhigang(5)                  —             655             189      2,204         3,048

                                        —           4,050             706     12,233        16,989

                                     1,000          8,186           1,192     25,327        35,705




                                                                                  2020 Annual Report

                                                                                               337
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

      Year ended December 31, 2019

                                                       Salaries,     Retirement
                                                    allowances          benefits
                                                   and benefits          scheme                    Total
        Name                                Fees        in kind    contributions   Bonuses   emoluments

        Executive directors:

          HUO Da                              —           2,024             263      2,868         5,155

          XIONG Jiantao                       —           2,022             257      2,868         5,147

                                              —           4,046             520      5,736        10,302

        Non-executive directors:

          SU Min                              —              —                —         —             —

          XIONG Xianliang                     —              —                —         —             —

          SU Jian                             —              —                —         —             —

          PENG Lei                            —              —                —         —             —

          HUANG Jian                          —              —                —         —             —

          WANG Daxiong                        —              —                —         —             —

          WANG Wen                            —              —                —         —             —

          CHEN Zhigang(6)                     —              —                —         —             —

                                              —              —                —         —             —

        Independent non-executive
        directors:

          XIANG Hua                          200             —                —         —           200

          XIAO Houfa                         200             —                —         —           200

          XIONG Wei                          200             —                —         —           200

          HU Honggao                         200             —                —         —           200

          WANG Di                            200             —                —         —           200

                                           1,000             —                —         —          1,000




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

338
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

     Year ended December 31, 2019 (Continued)

                                                            Salaries,     Retirement
                                                         allowances          benefits
                                                        and benefits          scheme                     Total
       Name                                    Fees          in kind    contributions   Bonuses    emoluments
       Supervisors:
           ZHOU Linda Lei                           —          1,635             228       2,295         4,158
           FANG Xiaobing(7)                         —             —                —          —             —
           ZHANG Zehong(8)                          —             —                —          —             —
           HE Min                                   —            672             149         480         1,301
           YIN Hongyan                              —            926             172         640         1,738
           XIONG Zhigang                            —            710             172         700         1,582
           LI Xiaofei                               —             —                —          —             —
           WANG Zhangwei                            —             —                —          —             —
           MA Yunchun                               —             —                —          —             —
                                                    —          3,943             721       4,115         8,779
                                              1,000            7,989           1,241       9,851        20,081

     (1)     GAO Hong was appointed as non-executive director in October 2020.
     (2)     ZHANG Zhen was appointed as supervisor in October 2020.
     (3)     ZOU Qun was appointed as supervisor in October 2020.
     (4)     SHEN Weihua was appointed as supervisor in October 2020.
     (5)     XIONG Zhigang resigned in June 2020.
     (6)     CHEN Zhigang resigned in June 2020.
     (7)     FANG Xiaobing resigned in June 2020.
     (8)     ZHANG Zehong resigned in June 2020.
     The emoluments of executive directors and supervisors shown above were for their services in
connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’
emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company and the subsidiaries, if
applicable.
      As of the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the above compensation
packages including performance-based bonus for executive directors, non-executive directors and supervisors
for the year ended December 31, 2020 have not been finalized. Management of the Group believes that the
difference between the final emoluments and that disclosed above will not have significant impact on the
consolidated financial statements of the Group.
     Except for non-executive directors who were not remunerated by the Company, no directors of the
Company waived or agreed to waive any emolument paid by the Group during the year. No emoluments
were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company as an incentive payment for joining the Group or as
compensation for resignation during the year.

                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           339
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


59. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

     Three (2019: three) of the five individuals with the highest emoluments were directors or supervisors of
the Company. The emoluments of the remaining two individuals (2019: two) with the highest emoluments are
as below:

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                     2020             2019

        Basic salaries and allowances                                               2,786            1,794

        Bonuses                                                                    10,204            6,652

        Contributions to retirement benefit scheme                                    443              358

                                                                                   13,433            8,804

    Bonus was determined with reference to results of the Group and performance of individuals. No
emoluments were paid by the Group to these individuals as an incentive payment for joining the Group or as
compensation for resignation during the year.
    The emoluments of the individuals (non-director) with the highest emoluments are within the following
bands:

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                     2020             2019

        Emolument bands

        HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000                                                    —               —

        HKD4,000,001 to HKD4,500,000                                                    —                1

        HKD5,000,001 to HKD5,500,000                                                    —                1

        HKD7,000,001 to HKD7,500,000                                                    —                —

        HKD7,500,001 to HKD8,000,000                                                     2               —

     During the year of 2020, the emoluments paid by the Group to these non-director individuals were
based on the services provided to the Group by these individuals.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

340
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

(1)   Relationship of related parties

(a)   Major shareholders

     Major shareholders include shareholders of the Company with 5% or above direct ownership. Share
percentage in the Company:

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2020              2019

        China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                      23.55%            23.51%

        Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd.                          19.59%            19.56%

        China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company                                        6.26%             6.25%



(b)   Associates of the Group

      The details information of the Group’s associates is set out in note 22.




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          341
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(1)   Relationship of related parties (Continued)

(c)   Other related parties

     Other related parties can be individuals or enterprises, which include: members of the Board of Directors,
the Board of Supervisors and senior management, and close family members of such individuals.
      The table below lists the Group’s other significant related parties:

          Significant related legal entities                    The relationship with the Group
          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                        Significant influence by the ultimate controlling
                                                                  company
          China Merchants (Shanghai)                            Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
           Investment Co., Ltd.*                                  company
          China Merchants Property Co., Ltd.                    Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
                                                                  company
          Sinotrans Limited                                     Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
                                                                  company
          Shenzhen Merchants Daojiahui                          Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
            Technology Co., Ltd.*                                 company
          China Merchants Shekou (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.*           Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
                                                                  company
          China Merchants Real Estate (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*      Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
                                                                  company
          China Merchants Shekou                                Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
           Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.                     company
          Shenzhen Merchants Property                           Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
            Management Co., Ltd.*                                 company
          Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate Co., Ltd.*                   Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
                                                                  company
          China Merchants Real Estate                           Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
           (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.*                                  company
          China Merchants Expressway Network                    Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
           Technology Holdings Co., Ltd.                          company
          Nanjing Tanker Corporation                            Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
                                                                  company
          China Merchants Gangtong Development                  Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
           (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*                                  company
          Eureka Investment Company Limited                     Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
                                                                  company
          Beijing Zhaoyi Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.* Fellow subsidiary of the ultimate controlling
                                                            company
          Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.              The director of the Company acts as a director of
                                                                  the entity

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

342
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances

(a)   During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Group’s major transactions and
      balances with its associate are as below:

      Transactions between the Group and the associate:

                                                                                      As at December 31,
                                                                                          2020              2019
          Fee and commission income
           — Funds managed by Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
             China Merchants Fund Management Limited                                  223,696           123,852

      Balances between the Group and the associate:

                                                                                      As at December 31,
                                                                                          2020              2019
          Accounts and other receivables
           — Funds managed by Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
             China Merchants Fund Management Limited                                  204,519           224,052



(b)   The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as below:

      Transactions between the Group and other related parties:

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2020              2019
          Fee and commission income
           — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                             97,035          104,560
           — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.                   3,623            65,057
           — China Merchants Expressway Network Technology
             Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                          1,415             8,019
           — Sinotrans Limited                                                              —             21,782
           — Nanjing Tanker Corporation                                                  1,887             5,660
           — China Merchants Gangtong Development (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd.*                      —              7,547
           — Eureka Investment Company Limited                                              —             12,045

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              343
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances (Continued)

(b)   The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as below:
      (Continued)

      Transactions between the Group and other related parties: (Continued)

                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2020          2019
          Interest income
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                     498,659      376,621
          Investment Income
            — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.           43,748       66,934
          Fee and commission expenses
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                    (215,142)     (234,453)
          Interest expenses of placement and borrowings from banks
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                     (15,103)      (14,880)
          Interest expenses of repurchase agreements business
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd                                       (8,772)       (3,717)
            — Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.                            (9,358)       (6,694)
          Other operating expenses
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                     (66,731)      (62,017)
            — China Merchants (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd.*                    (9,397)       (8,953)
            — China Merchants Property Co., Ltd.                                      —       (209,292)
            — Shenzhen Merchants Property Management Co., Ltd.*                  (12,789)      (20,776)
            — Shenzhen Merchants Daojiahui Technology Co., Ltd.*                 (24,356)           —
          Interest expense of lease liabilities
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                     (19,302)      (19,976)

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

344
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances (Continued)

(b)   The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as below:
      (Continued)

      The Group also has the following balances with its other related parties:

                                                                                      As at December 31,

                                                                                          2020              2019

          Accounts and other receivables

            — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.                     —             62,000

            — Qingdao Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                        66,354            66,354

            — China Merchants Shekou (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.*                                   —           100,000

            — China Merchants Real Estate (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*                              —           436,224

            — China Merchants Real Estate (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.*                       499,640                  —

            — Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate Co., Ltd.*                                     284,512                  —

          Bank balances

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                       25,374,694        23,249,531

          Borrowings

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                          421,124           449,082

          Placements from banks

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                        3,000,408           700,272

          Lease liabilities

            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                          591,553           625,807

          Other payables

            — Beijing Zhaoyi Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. *                          95,526                 —

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              345
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(3)   Key management personnel

      The remuneration of the key management personnel of the Group is as below:

                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                    2020            2019

        Short-term benefits:

          — Salaries, allowance and bonuses                                       68,306          37,101

        Post-employment benefits:

          — Contribution to retirement schemes                                     2,203           2,292

        Total                                                                     70,508          39,393



(4)   Other related parties transaction

     In December 2015, China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. issued A Shares for the
purpose to acquire China Merchants Property Development Co., Ltd. and issued A Shares to certain specific
targets for the fund raising purpose. As at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company held
52,708 thousand and 55,377 thousand of the non-public offering of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone
Holdings Co., Ltd. through the structured entity controlled by China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment
Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group. The fair values of the above shares were amounting to RMB700,486
thousand and RMB1,093,444 thousand, respectively.
     As at December 31, 2020, China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group,
has signed cooperation framework agreement with China Merchants Real Estate (Beijing) Co., Ltd., China
Merchants Real Estate (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate Co., Ltd and China Merchants Real Estate
(Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. about the Beijing Yizhuang Residential Project, Wuxi Huishan Real Estate Project,
the Changsha Yuelu Real Estate Project and the Hangzhou Xiaoshan Real Estate Project. China Merchants
Securities Investment Co., Ltd will invest no more than RMB500 million, RMB300 million, RMB300 million and
RMB500 million respectively. As at December 31, 2020, China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. has
recognized financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB465 million and RMB299 million and
made prepayment of RMB285 million and RMB500 million for the Changsha Yuelu Real Estate Project and the
Hangzhou Xiaoshan Real Estate Project, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

346
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


61. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                                       2020              2019

      Financial assets

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                                                       7,420,580         7,057,809

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                                                      44,614,600        45,734,307

      Financial assets measured at amortized cost                              257,339,077       175,647,017

      Derivative financial assets                                                1,726,339         1,805,819

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    173,595,064       138,146,068

                                                                               484,695,660       368,391,020

      Financial liabilities

      Derivative financial liabilities                                           3,071,802         2,183,222

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                13,942,051        10,076,386

      Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                  366,358,729       276,487,697

                                                                               383,372,582       288,747,305




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                           347
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

(1)   Risk management structure

      Since its establishment, the Group has been developing an all-around, innovative and forward-looking
risk management system, which is aligned with its operation strategy and focuses on its frontier departments
at the business level. The structure of the risk management of the Company consists of five levels, including
the strategical arrangement by the Board of Directors, supervision and scrutiny by the Supervisory Committee,
or decision-making by the senior management and the Risk Management Committee, check-and-balance
and internal controls maintained of relevant risk management departments and direct management of other
departments, branches and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
     The Group adopts a three-level risk management organization structure system: the first level refers
to implementation of effective controls on risk management by all departments and branches themselves;
the second level refers to risk management and internal control measures implemented by relevant risk
management departments; the third level refers to post-event supervision and evaluation by the Audit and
Supervision Department.
      The overall risk management duties of departments or posts under the risk management organization
structure are as follows:
      (i)     the Board of Directors and Risk Management Committee are responsible for considering and
              approving the Company’s risk appetite, risk tolerance and various risk limit indicators. They are also
              responsible for convening quarterly meetings, reviewing quarterly risk reports and reviewing the
              Company’s overall risk management;
      (ii)    the Supervisory Committee of the Group is responsible for supervising and examining the
              operations of the comprehensive risk management system of the Company;
      (iii)   the senior management comprising the president and vice presidents of the Group is responsible
              for the risk management of business operations, determining risk control measures and formulating
              risk limit indicators on a regular basis by reference to the risk evaluation reports. The Risk
              Management Committee set up by the senior management is the ultimate risk decision-making
              body at operation level. The Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for establishing
              comprehensive risk management system, monitoring, evaluating and reporting the overall risk
              level of the Group and providing risk management suggestion on business decisions. The Risk
              Management Committee consists of the Securities Investment Decision Committee, the Credit Risk
              Committee, the Valuation Committee, the Capital Commitment Committee and the Investment
              Banking Business Risk Policy Committee. Within the scope of their authorization, experts shall
              review and collectively make decisions on the risks of securities investment, credit risk, securities
              valuation, capital commitment and investment banking business. The Company integrates the risk
              management of the subsidiary into the overall risk management system and carries out vertical
              management. The person in charge of the risk management of the subsidiary shall be nominated,
              appointed, removed and assessed by the chief risk officer of the Group.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

348
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(1)   Risk management structure (Continued)

      (iv)   the Risk Management Department is the leading department in respect of management of market,
             credit and operational risks of the Group. It is also responsible for managing market risk and credit
             risk, assisting and guiding all units in performing risk management. The Capital Management
             Department is the leading department in respect of management of management of liquidity risk.
             It is also responsible for managing liquidity risk and facilitating the establishment of the liquidity
             risk management systems. Legal and Compliance Department is responsible for leading the Group’s
             legal and compliance risk management, money laundering risk management and assisting in the
             compliance director on reviewing, supervising and scrutinizing compliance issues of the Group,
             promoting the implementation of anti-money laundering work. The Administration Department
             together with the Risk Management Department and other relevant departments promote the
             management of reputation risk of the company. Internal Audit Department is responsible for
             monitoring the effectiveness and implementation of the Company’s risk management process by
             audits, and responsible for initiating evaluation of entire internal control system at least once a
             year;
      (v)    All departments of the Company, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company are
             responsible for directly managing and supervising risks of their own businesses and management
             scopes.


(2)   Credit risk

      The Group’s exposure to credit risk represents the potential economic loss that may arise from the
failure of a debtor or counterparty to meet its obligation according to their contractual commitment. The
Group is primarily exposed to four types of credit risk: (a) risk arising from default of customers to repay
debts in businesses of margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed lending or stock repurchases;
(b) risk of losses of principal and interest for investments in debt securities, trust products and other credit
products due to default of the issuers or borrowers; (c) risk arising from default of a counterparty and a spot
counterparty to meet its payment obligation in trading of over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives such as equity
swaps, interest rate swap and OTC futures; (d) risk arising from the default of customers in brokerage business
in respect of trading of securities, futures and other financial products, when there was shortfall of funds after
liquidation of client’s accounts on settlement dates.
     In respect of margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed lending, stock repurchase
business and other financing businesses, the Group has established a multi-level authorization system for
business management and a comprehensive risk management system covering the whole process through
due diligence of customers, approval of credit grant, post-loan evaluation, dynamic adjustment to collaterals
pledge ratio, mark to market system, mandatory liquidation and disposal on default.
     For debt securities investment business, the Group has developed an internal credit rating mechanism
to control risks of default or downgrade of debt securities, as well as the risks of default of issuers
or counterparties. The Group sets minimum rating requirements for various types of investments and
counterparties by business authorization system and minimizing losses arising from different types of
investments and default of counterparties through diversification strategy.




                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             349
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

      For OTC derivatives trading business, the Group has formulated a set of management measures and rules
to determine eligibility of investors, due diligence of customers, grant of credit to counterparties, discount
rate of securities, effective monitoring of gearing ratio, management of collateral and follow-up measures on
default of customers, in order to strengthen the management before, during and after the transactions.
     For brokerage business, the securities trading of domestic customers of whom the Group is an agent
are settled by full margin. With regard to the trading of securities and other financial products for overseas
customers, the Group has effectively controlled the credit risk by strengthen the monitor on credit grant and
margin ratio.


Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement

      The Group applies ECL model for financial assets at amortized cost, mainly including advances to
customers, financial assets held under resale agreements, debt instruments at amortized cost and debt
instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
       The Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since
initial recognition at the reporting date and recognizes the impairment loss allowance for expected credit loss
and its movements.
      •    If the credit risk of the financial instrument has not increased significantly since its initial
           recognition, it is classified as “Stage 1” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an
           amount equivalent to the expected credit loss of the financial instrument in the next 12 months.
           The increase in or reversal of the impairment loss allowance is included in the profit and loss as
           impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal.
      •    If a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition is identified, the financial
           instrument is moved to “Stage 2” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount
           equivalent to the expected credit loss of the financial instrument over its lifetime. The increase in
           or reversal of the impairment loss allowance is included in the profit and loss as impairment losses
           under expected credit loss model, net of reversal.
      •    If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is moved to “Stage 3” and its
           impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss of the
           financial instrument over its lifetime. The increase in or reversal of the impairment loss allowance
           thus formed is included in the profit and loss as impairment losses under expected credit loss
           model, net of reversal.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

350
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)

      The criteria for the three-stage division of ECL of the main financial assets are as follows:
      •    Advances to customers: exposures with collateral coverage ratio less than 100% for more than
           30 days are considered to be credit impaired and recognized as Stage 3; exposures with collateral
           coverage ratio less than 100% for less than 30 days are considered to experience significant
           increase in risk and recognized as Stage 2; for exposures that do not have the above situations are
           considered to be credit risk not increased significantly and recognized as Stage 1.
      •    Financial assets under resale agreements: based on the obligors’ credit quality, contract maturity
           date, the related collateral securities information, which including the sector situation, liquidity
           discount factor, concentration, volatility and related information, the Group sets different collateral
           coverage ratios (generally not less than 160%) as margin calls and force liquidation thresholds
           (collateral coverage ratios generally not less than 140%) against different exposures related
           to these transactions. Exposures with collateral coverage ratios fall below the pre-determined
           force liquidation thresholds for more than 30 days or those past due for more than 30 days are
           considered to be credit impaired and recognized as Stage 3; exposures with collateral coverage
           ratios fall below the pre-determined force liquidation thresholds for less than 30 days or those
           past due for less than 30 days are considered to experience significant increase in credit risks and
           recognized as Stage 2; for exposures that do not have the above situations are considered to be
           credit risk not increased significantly and recognized as Stage 1.
      •    For debt investment exposures, financial instruments with lower credit risk at the end of the
           reporting period, or financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk after initial
           recognition will be included in Stage 1; financial instruments whose credit risk has increased
           significantly since its initial recognition, while no credit loss has occurred, that is, there is no
           objective evidence of a credit loss event, will be included in Stage 2; purchased or originated credit-
           impaired financial instruments, or non-purchased or originated financial instruments that have
           suffered credit impairment will be included in Stage 3.
     For financial assets classified as Stage 1, the expected credit loss is measured using the probability of
default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure at default (“EAD”), or loss ratio method. For financial
assets recognized as Stage 2 and Stage 3, the expected credit losses are measured by estimating the future
cash flows associated with the financial assets.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            351
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Measuring ECL — inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques

      On the basis of credit rating of counterparties, credit assessment on borrowers and the quantitative
management of collaterals, the Group fully considers the customer portfolio of each credit related transaction,
the amount of a single debt, the term of borrowing, the maintenance margin ratio and the degree of
collateral concentration, etc., and makes sure the above factors are reflected in parameters such as PD,
LGD and maturity of borrowers. Then the perform stress tests and sensitivity analysis supplementary to the
measurement of credit risks.
     The Group uses expected credit loss model to measure the expected credit losses for applicable
financial assets. Factors considered in the assessment using the expected credit loss model mainly includes
asset categories, PD, LGD, exposures, exchange rates and adjustments factors, whether there are SICR and
judgment on low risk assets, and the impairment loss allowance in respect of fixed-income financial assets is
determined on the basis of the projected future cash inflows.
      For credit business, based on the obligors’ credit quality, contract maturity date, the related collateral
securities information, which including the sector situation, liquidity discount factor, concentration, volatility,
the amount of a single debt and the operation of issuers, the Group uses loss rate method to estimate loss
rate through the maintenance margin ratio, adopting the method of individual identification to identify each
transaction in order to measure the impairment loss allowance of high risk credit business.
      PD will be adjusted in the light of macroeconomic environment and the specific situation of bonds,
and determined after considering forward looking adjustment factors and adjustment factors of specific
bonds. The forward looking adjustment factors are evaluated mainly based on analyzing the relationship
between the default rate and the long-term average default rate under different economic environments
(or macroeconomic factors) in China and other countries, and determined through forecasting economic
environment; the adjustment factors in respect of bonds depend on different industries, specific bonds and
risk mitigation measures, which will be adjusted based on different situations or changes.
      LGD is estimated based on historical data and subject to a forward looking adjustment.
      Corresponding loss rates for the Group’s credit business under the 3 stages were as follows:
     Stage 1: According to the maintenance margin ratio, concentration and conditions of restriction on
trading, the loss rates on advances to customers range from 0.00% to 1.25%, the loss rates on financial
assets under resale agreements range from 0.00% to 3.78%.
      Stage 2 and Stage 3: Loss rate is determined based on the estimated future cash flows associated with
the financial assets.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

352
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)    Credit risk (Continued)

SICR

     The Group uses the following criteria to determine a significant increase in credit risks of debt securities
investments.
     The credit ratings of foreign bonds are lowered to a level below BBB- (not included), the credit rating
of domestic bonds are lowered to a level below AA (not included), or the original debt ratings are below AA
but have not yet been identified as there is a significant increase in credit risks, but there is an external rating
downgrade.
       Other events being identified as an indicator of a significant increase in credit risks, include:
       •    The significant adverse changes in the industry or policies, geographical environment of issuers, or
            deterioration of the issuers’ own business operations;
       •    The consolidated financial statements of issuers exhibit significant adverse changes in main
            operations or financial indicators;
       •    The significant adverse changes (if any) in the effectiveness of credit enhancement measures;
       •    The issuers and the entities that provide credit enhancement are discredited by environmental
            protection or safety production bureau, or other important situations, or occurrence of any event
            that may affect debt repayment ability; the entities provide credit enhancement are delinquent or
            refused to bear the liability arising from credit enhancement in other debts;
       •    Other significant important events identified by the Group.
     In addition, in view of the financial assets under resale agreements, the Group considers that if collateral
coverage ratio is lower than the forced liquidation thresholds or with overdue interest, it indicates that its
credit risk has significantly increased. While the Group would fully consider the financing entity’s credit
status, contract period, the industry of the collateral, liquidity, restriction on sales, concentration, volatility,
performance protection and issuer’s operation performance factors, and then set up different warning lines
and forced liquidation thresholds for different financing entities.
    According to the Guidance on Impairment of Financial Instruments of Securities Companies issued by
CSRC, criteria of low credit risks are as follows:
       •    International external rating of foreign bond investment is rated at BBB- or above;
       •    Domestic external rating of domestic bond investment is rated at AA or above.




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              353
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Forward looking information

     For credit business, based on the analysis of characteristics of industries, the Group identifies specific
indicators related to the loss rate of credit business, that is, the concentration of client positions in margin
financing and margin trading business, the cumulative pledge ratio of stock pledge business, and the type
of collateral. By constructing the relationship between these specific indicators and the loss rate, forward-
looking adjustments are made to the expected credit loss of credit business.
     For debt securities investments, forward looking adjustment factors are firstly evaluated mainly based on
analyzing the relationship between the default rate and the long-term average default rate under different
economic environments (or macroeconomic factors) in China and other countries through historical data
analysis, and determined through forecasting economic environment. When making forward looking factor
adjustments, the Group considers three different scenarios to appropriately reflect the non-linearities of the
development of key economic indicators and determine scenario weightings by data analysis and professional
judgment.
     For the current year, the weighted average forecasted (weighted average of optimistic, neutral and
pessimistic scenarios) growth rate of the Gross Domestic Product made by the Group was 6.3%, and the
weighted forward looking adjustment factors for bonds of AAA, AA+, AA, and AA- and below are 1, 1.2, 1.3,
and 1.7, respectively.
     The table below sets forth the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure as at the end of the reporting
period, which is the carrying amount of financial assets recognized without taking into account of the effect
of collaterals or other credit enhancements:


(a)   Maximum credit risk exposure


                                                                                    As at December 31,
                                                                                       2020             2019
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   (i)
                                                                               119,046,252      101,877,615
        Derivative financial assets                                               1,726,339        1,805,819
        Advances to customers                                                    81,754,350       55,224,619
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                            52,260,325       35,679,825
        Accounts and other receivables                                            7,149,847        3,667,692
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions               9,067,233        4,780,890
        Clearing settlement funds                                                22,529,340       12,471,616
        Cash and bank balances                                                   82,838,593       61,927,739
        Debt instruments at amortized cost(ii)                                    1,739,390        1,894,639
        Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                     44,614,600       45,734,307
        Equity instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income(iii)                                                   199,950                —
                                                                               422,926,219      325,064,761

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

354
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

(a)   Maximum credit risk exposure (Continued)

      Note:
      (i)      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss subjected to credit risk represent the investment in
               debt securities, trust products, equity securities lent to customers and asset-backed securities.
      (ii)     Debt instruments at amortized cost subjected to credit risk represent the investment in debt securities
               and customer loans receivable.
      (iii)    Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income subjected to credit risk represent
               equity securities lent to customers.


(b)   Risk concentration

    The Group’s maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collaterals and other credit
enhancements are categorized by geographical area as follows:
      As at December 31, 2020

                                                                                           Outside
                                                                        Mainland          Mainland
                                                                           China             China               Total
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    117,655,630          1,390,622      119,046,252
            Derivative financial assets                                 1,693,163            33,176        1,726,339
            Advances to customers                                     77,871,977          3,882,373       81,754,350
            Financial assets held under resale agreements             52,260,325                  —       52,260,325
            Accounts and other receivables                              4,525,466         2,624,381        7,149,847
            Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
            institutions                                                8,879,602           187,631        9,067,233
            Clearing settlement funds                                 22,375,249            154,091       22,529,340
            Cash and bank balances                                    73,808,294          9,030,299       82,838,593
            Debt instruments at amortized cost                          1,605,438           133,952        1,739,390
            Debt instruments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                      42,544,385          2,070,215       44,614,600
            Equity instruments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                          199,950                 —           199,950
                                                                     403,419,479        19,506,740       422,926,219




                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   355
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

(b)   Risk concentration (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2019

                                                                                Outside
                                                                  Mainland     Mainland
                                                                     China        China          Total
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    96,542,607    5,335,008   101,877,615
        Derivative financial assets                                649,150     1,156,669     1,805,819
        Advances to customers                                    51,302,490    3,922,129    55,224,619
        Financial assets held under resale agreements            35,679,825           —     35,679,825
        Accounts and other receivables                            1,759,101    1,908,591     3,667,692
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
        institutions                                              4,101,323     679,567      4,780,890
        Clearing settlement funds                                11,900,495     571,121     12,471,616
        Cash and bank balances                                   53,499,838    8,427,901    61,927,739
        Debt instruments at amortized cost                        1,800,034      94,605      1,894,639
        Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                     45,441,799     292,508     45,734,307
                                                                302,676,662   22,388,099   325,064,761




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

356
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

(c)   Credit rating analysis of financial assets

     The carrying amounts of debt securities at the end of the year are categorized by rating distribution as
follows:

                                                                                       As at December 31,
                                                                                           2020              2019
       Rating
       Issuers in Mainland China
          PRC sovereign bonds (Note)                                                87,734,530        54,875,682
          AAA                                                                       57,010,971        75,223,521
          AA+                                                                        7,206,493         8,174,320
          AA                                                                         1,833,533         2,528,962
          AA-                                                                             7,467                 —
          AA- below                                                                      40,857             8,995
          A-1                                                                          941,299           307,220
       Non-rated                                                                     2,907,371           570,260
       Sub-total                                                                   157,682,521       141,688,960
       Issuers in Hong Kong and other regions
       PRC sovereign bonds (Note)                                                         3,398             2,670
          A                                                                            166,916           951,750
          B                                                                          3,389,269         4,598,707
          C                                                                                   —                 —
          D                                                                                   —                 —
       Non-rated                                                                         35,207            74,388
       Sub-total                                                                     3,594,790         5,627,515
       Total                                                                       161,277,311       147,316,475

      Note:    PRC sovereign bonds represent the rating of treasury bonds issued by the PRC government. AAA to
               AA- and below AA- rating represents rating on bonds (If there is no rating on bonds, then the rating
               on issuers will be used), among which AAA rating represents the highest rating. A-1 rating represents
               rating on short-term financing bonds. Non-rated means that bonds or corporates are not rated by any
               independent rating agency.
     Credit rating of overseas bonds were derived from the lowest of Moody, Stand&Poor’s and Fitch, if any.
Bonds which are not rated by the above agencies are classified as non-rated. Included in A rating are bonds
rated Aaa~A3 by Moody, AAA~A- by S&P and AAA~A- by Fitch; B rating are the bonds rated Baa1~B3 by
Moody, BBB+~B- by S&P and BBB+~B- by Fitch; C rating are the bonds rated Caa1~C by Moody, CCC+~C by
S&P and CCC~C by Fitch; D rating are bonds rated D by S&P and D by Fitch.
                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               357
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk

(a)   Origin and management of liquidity risk

      The Group’s exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from failure to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable
costs and in a timely manner to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy funding
needs for normal business operation. If there is material and adverse changes in the operating condition of
the Group in the future and the Group is not able to maintain their gearing ratio at a reasonable level, and
the operations of the Group experiences unusual changes, the Group may not be able to repay the principal
or interest of relevant debts in full when due.
      In order to prevent liquidity risk, the Group has established high-quality current asset reserves and
minimum excess reserve quota system. The Group has formulated liquidity emergency management plans to
retain minimum excess reserve in the funding plan. The Group has reserved treasury bonds, PBOC bills and
other highly liquid assets which can be liquidated at any time under extreme circumstances for unexpected
expenses. In addition, the Group has actively developed management for funding gaps. By using management
tools of cash flow gap, sensitivity analysis and stress testing, the Group can identify potential risks as early
as possible to arrange financing and adjust the pace of fund utilization for business purposes in advance to
effectively manage the payment risk. The Group has also continuously expanded their financing channels
and has a balanced distribution of debt maturities, so as to avoid the payment risk caused by single financing
channel or servicing debts when due. Besides, the Group has established internal risk reporting system to
promptly monitor the liquidity risk in the operation of each business and at each branch. Moreover, the Group
takes measures to promote the safe, sound and sustainable operation of each business and each branch.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

358
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

(b)   Undiscounted cash flows by contractual maturities


                                                                                        As at December 31, 2020

                                                                                        More than     More than     More than
                                                                                      1 month but      3 months     1 year but
                                                   Carrying                 Less than    less than       but less    less than   More than
                                                    amount    On demand      1 month     3 months    than 1 year       5 years     5 years        Total

       Non-derivative financial liabilities

       Borrowings                                 3,961,652           —     3,291,906        1,829      260,238       435,800           —     3,989,773

       Short-term debt instruments               36,216,758           —     8,899,962   17,446,690   10,173,277             —           —    36,519,929

       Placements from banks and other
       financial institutions                    11,002,762           —    10,004,954    1,007,078            —             —           —    11,012,032

       Bonds payable                             92,980,628           —       25,692     8,561,451   30,090,616     59,920,084          —    98,597,843

       Financial assets sold under
       repurchase agreements                    119,258,195           — 103,989,535      3,387,241   12,196,554             —           — 119,573,330

       Financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss                    13,942,051    1,000,198    9,779,066      470,580            —      2,692,207          —    13,942,051

       Accounts payable to brokerage
       clients                                   85,441,243   85,441,243           —            —             —             —           —    85,441,243

       Other payables and accrued charges        14,763,594   14,714,491      49,101            —             —             —           —    14,763,592

       Notes payable                              1,658,700           —            —       499,500     1,159,200            —           —     1,658,700

       Lease liabilities                          1,260,399           —       24,341        52,534      222,301       707,882      404,212    1,411,270

       Total                                    380,485,982 101,155,932 136,064,557     31,426,903   54,102,186     63,755,973     404,212 386,909,763

       Derivative financial liabilities
         — net settlement                         3,071,802      595,208     343,340     1,414,875      684,056        34,323           —     3,071,802




                                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                 359
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

(b)   Undiscounted cash flows by contractual maturities (Continued)


                                                                                       As at December 31, 2019

                                                                                       More than     More than     More than
                                                                                     1 month but      3 months     1 year but
                                                  Carrying                 Less than    less than       but less    less than   More than
                                                   amount    On demand      1 month     3 months    than 1 year       5 years     5 years        Total

        Non-derivative financial liabilities

        Borrowings                               4,512,018           —     3,086,527       11,742     1,202,719      277,116           —     4,578,104

        Short-term debt instruments             32,915,760           —     7,097,642   19,227,621     6,975,269            —           —    33,300,532

        Placements from banks and other
        financial institutions                   7,000,000           —     2,501,976      508,847     4,065,722            —           —     7,076,545

        Bonds payable                           64,348,043           —     7,174,734      496,390     9,001,158    49,129,380   5,779,400   71,581,062

        Financial assets sold under
        repurchase agreements                   97,572,967           —    93,380,656    1,310,520     3,107,525            —           —    97,798,701

        Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                  10,076,386      564,455    6,945,434           —       408,620      2,157,877          —    10,076,386

        Accounts payable to brokerage
        clients                                 61,724,220   61,724,220           —            —             —             —           —    61,724,220

        Other payables and accrued charges       4,937,347    4,900,870      36,477            —             —             —           —     4,937,347

        Notes payable                             615,000            —            —            —       615,000             —           —      615,000

        Lease liabilities                        1,252,147           —       22,107        44,938      212,262       694,416      489,300    1,463,023

        Total                                  284,953,888   67,189,545 120,245,553    21,600,058   25,588,275     52,258,789   6,268,700 293,150,920

        Derivative financial liabilities
          — net settlement                       2,183,222    1,367,051     480,062       173,073      163,036             —           —     2,183,222




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

360
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk

(a)   Origin and management of market risk

      Market risks of the Group refer to the risks of loss resulting from adverse changes in the market.
Securities held by the Group are derived from the proprietary investments, market-making business and
other investment activities. Movements in securities holding primarily arise from the relevant strategies of
proprietary investments and needs of market-making. The securities of the Group are measured at fair values
which fluctuates daily according to the market factors and change in the portfolios of the securities. Market
risks of the Group primarily include: (i) equity price risk, which represents the exposures arise from fluctuation
in the spot price, future price and volatility of indices such as stocks, equity portfolio, commodities and stock
index futures; (ii) interest rate risk, which primarily represents the exposures arise from movements in the yield
curve of fixed income investment, fluctuation in interest rates and credit spreads; and (iii) commodity risk,
which represents exposures arise from changes in the spot price, future price and the relevant volatility; and
(iv) exchange rate risk, which represents the exposures arise from changes in the spot rate, future rate and
volatility of foreign currency exchange rates.
       The Group collectively allocates economic capital in accordance with the risk preference and risk
tolerance indicators set by the directors of the Group. By considering the risks associated with each
type of investments and their interrelationship, the Group allocates the overall risk limits to different
business departments/business lines. The front-office business departments are responsible for market risk
management at the frontiers. The person in charge and investment manager shall utilize their extensive
experience and in-depth knowledge of the markets and products to conduct risk management in trading
transactions within their authorities and dynamically manages risk exposures to the securities held in open
position by taking initiative measures to mitigate or hedging these risks. Risk Management Department is
independent from other business departments and reports to Chief Risk Officer. By applying professional risk
management tools and methods, Risk Management Department aims to independently monitor, measure
and manage market risk at different levels, including investment strategies, business units/lines and the entire
Group. Reports of evaluation and risk analysis are generated and delivered to the responsible officers of the
business departments/business lines and management of the Group on a daily, monthly or quarterly basis to
facilitate decision making. When risk level is approaching or exceeds the threshold values, Risk Management
Department will warn against relevant management officers promptly, and the respective business
departments/business lines will implement measures according to the resolutions of the relevant committees.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                            361
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(b)   Price risk

Value at Risk (“VaR”)

      The Group adopts Value at Risk (“VaR”) as the risk evaluation tool for measuring the market risk of the
entire securities investment portfolio which comprises various financial instruments. VaR analysis is a statistical
technique that estimates the potential maximum losses that could occur on risk positions due to movements
in interest rates, stock prices or currency rates over a specified time period and at a given level of confidence.
     The analysis of the Group’s VaR (confidence level of 95% and a holding period of one trading day) by
types of risks is as follows:

                                                                    At December 31, 2020

                                                       Final          Highest           Lowest          Average

        Market risk of equity price                 289,250           305,811          181,939           252,006

        Market risk of interest rate                 54,910            78,818           36,111            57,812

        Market risk of commodity price               11,385            27,221             3,916           14,153

        Market risk of foreign exchange                  480            1,154                  2              340

        Diversification effect                       (39,556)         (67,751)          (30,104)         (45,911)

                                                    316,469           345,253          191,864           278,400


                                                                    At December 31, 2019

                                                       Final          Highest           Lowest          Average

        Market risk of equity price                 175,609           254,416          170,724           200,326

        Market risk of interest rate                 36,248            42,714           39,697            41,331

        Market risk of commodity price                 4,475            7,191             2,619            6,610

        Market risk of foreign exchange                   61            1,026               147               642

        Diversification effect                       (37,910)         (52,200)          (48,523)         (42,378)

                                                    178,483           253,147          164,664           206,531

      Note:   The VaR of the market risk of equities includes the specific directional investment for 2015 market
              stabilization measures and specific accounts with China Securities Finance Corporations. VaR values of
              these investments are calculated based on CSI 300.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

362
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(c)   Interest rate risk

       The tables below summarize the Group’s interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities as at year and by
their remaining terms to repricing or contractual maturity date, whichever is earlier. Other financial assets and
liabilities not included below are not exposed to significant interest rate risk.

                                                                                                              At December 31, 2020
                                                                                     More than       More than      More than
                                                                                   1 month but     3 month but      1 year but
                                                                      Less than       less than       less than      less than       More than    Non-interest
                                                                       1 month        3 months           1 year        5 years         5 years        bearing          Total
       Financial assets
       Equity instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                                  —               —               —              —                —      7,420,580      7,420,580
       Debt instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                            610,649       1,315,746      16,132,510     26,013,565          542,130              —     44,614,600
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          1,665,373      4,222,985      34,092,177     55,354,750        19,586,502    58,673,277    173,595,064
       Derivative financial assets                                           —             635           6,989             33                —      1,718,682      1,726,339
       Advances to customers                                          8,915,997     14,502,138      58,336,215              —                —              —     81,754,350
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                 33,828,126      2,800,213      14,269,954       1,362,032               —              —     52,260,325
       Debt instruments at amortized cost                              217,460         207,444         724,718        589,768                —              —      1,739,390
       Accounts and other receivables                                        —               —               —              —                —      1,003,639      1,003,639
       Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
       institutions                                                   9,067,233              —               —              —                —              —      9,067,233
       Clearing settlement funds                                     22,529,340              —               —              —                —              —     22,529,340
       Cash and bank balances                                        81,205,893        474,500       1,132,720         25,456                —             24     82,838,593
       Sub-total                                                    158,040,071     23,523,661     124,695,283     83,345,604        20,128,632    68,816,202    478,549,453
       Financial liabilities
       Borrowings                                                     3,290,924              —         252,375        418,353                —              —      3,961,652
       Short-term debt instruments                                    8,881,487     17,331,954      10,003,317              —                —              —     36,216,758
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions        10,002,529      1,000,233               —              —                —              —     11,002,762
       Bonds payable                                                    22,837       8,439,111      28,477,813     56,040,867                —              —     92,980,628
       Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements            103,948,251      3,353,591      11,956,353              —                —              —    119,258,195
       Derivative financial liabilities                                 19,749             131               —              —                —      3,051,922      3,071,802
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss     9,581,296        312,000               —              —                —      4,048,755     13,942,051
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                         85,441,243              —               —              —                —              —     85,441,243
       Other payables and accrued charges                                    —               —               —              —                —     14,763,311     14,763,311
       Lease liabilities                                                24,261          52,152         217,746        652,570          313,670              —      1,260,399
       Sub-total                                                    221,212,577     30,489,172      50,907,604      57,111,790         313,670     21,863,988    381,898,801
       Net position                                                 (63,172,506)     (6,965,511)    73,787,679      26,233,814       19,814,962    46,952,214     96,650,652


                                                                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                      363
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(c)   Interest rate risk (Continued)


                                                                                                               At December 31, 2019
                                                                                      More than       More than      More than
                                                                                    1 month but     3 month but      1 year but
                                                                       Less than       less than       less than      less than       More than    Non-interest
                                                                        1 month        3 months           1 year        5 years         5 years        bearing          Total
        Financial assets
        Equity instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                  —               —               —              —                —      7,057,809      7,057,809
        Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                            484,154         457,366      10,287,960     28,122,253         6,382,574             —     45,734,307
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          2,188,318      6,166,520      46,118,538     33,153,688        12,021,687    38,497,317    138,146,068
        Derivative financial assets                                           —               —               —              —                —      1,805,819      1,805,819
        Advances to customers                                          6,560,080      9,733,689      38,930,850              —                —              —     55,224,619
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                 16,507,344      1,396,056      15,606,124       2,170,301               —              —     35,679,825
        Debt instruments at amortized cost                               52,782           2,937       1,048,825        783,855                —          6,237      1,894,636
        Accounts and other receivables                                        —               —               —              —                —        763,703       763,703
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
        institutions                                                   4,780,890              —               —              —                —              —      4,780,890
        Clearing settlement funds                                     12,471,616              —               —              —                —              —     12,471,616
        Cash and bank balances                                        61,327,739        200,000         400,000              —                —              —     61,927,739
        Sub-total                                                    104,372,923     17,956,568     112,392,297     64,230,097        18,404,261    48,130,885    365,487,031
        Financial liabilities
        Borrowings                                                     3,082,735          2,654       1,163,289        268,610                —              —      4,517,288
        Short-term debt instruments                                    7,091,848     19,106,627       6,900,141              —                —              —     33,098,616
        Placements from banks and other financial institutions         2,501,976        505,444       4,005,779              —                —              —      7,013,199
        Bonds payable                                                  7,155,098        402,360       7,934,637      45,014,924        5,484,483             —     65,991,502
        Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements             93,353,772      1,300,596       3,052,318              —                —              —     97,706,686
        Derivative financial liabilities                                      —               —               —              —                —      2,183,222      2,183,222
        Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss     6,945,434              —               —              —                —      3,130,952     10,076,386
        Accounts payable to brokerage clients                         61,724,220              —               —              —                —              —     61,724,220
        Other payables and accrued charges                                    —               —               —              —                —      4,937,060      4,937,060
        Lease liabilities                                                21,502          43,524         202,601        621,917          362,603              —      1,252,147
        Sub-total                                                    181,876,585     21,361,205      23,258,765      45,905,451        5,847,086    10,251,234    288,500,326
        Net position                                                 (77,503,662)     (3,404,637)    89,133,532      18,324,646       12,557,175    37,879,651     76,986,705


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

364
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(c)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

Sensitivity analysis

      The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on interest rates to measure the impact of a reasonably possible
change in interest rates on the Group’s profit and equity, assuming all other variables were held constant.
Assuming a parallel change in market interest rate and without taking into account of any possible risk
management activities that may be taken by the management to reduce interest rate risks, the Group’s
interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:


Sensitivity to profit


                                                                                      2020              2019

       Change in basis points

       Increase by 100bps                                                       (2,321,190)       (1,814,227)

       Decrease by 100bps                                                        2,413,421        1,855,029



Sensitivity to equity


                                                                                      2020              2019

       Change in basis points

       Increase by 100bps                                                       (3,031,301)       (2,963,149)

       Decrease by 100bps                                                        3,145,397        3,054,464




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                          365
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

(d)   Foreign currency rate risk

     Foreign exchange rate risk represents the adverse changes in the financial position and cash flows of
the Group due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on foreign
exchange rates to measure its foreign exchange rate risks. The table below indicates the sensitivity analysis on
exchange rate changes in currencies that the Group has significant exposure, which calculates the impacts of
a reasonably possible change in the exchange rate of a foreign currency against Renminbi equity, assuming all
other variables were held constant. A negative amount reflects a potential decrease in equity, and a positive
amount reflects a potential increase in equity.


Sensitivity analysis of exchange rate


                                                                                        2020             2019

        Change in exchange rate

        Depreciation of USD by 3%                                                    (21,037)        (142,773)

        Depreciation of HKD by 3%                                                    (79,022)          (24,335)

     The table above indicates the impacts on the equity of a depreciation of 3% in USD and HKD against
Renminbi. There will be an opposite impact with the same amount as shown in the above table if the above
exchange rates appreciate by the same percentage.


(5)   Operational risk

      The Group’s operational risks arise from imperfection or problematic internal processes, people and
systems or external events. The operational risk factors of the Group are summarized into seven categories,
including: internal fraud, external fraud, employee policies and workplace safety, clients, products and
business activities, physical property damage, business interruption and IT system failures, execution,
settlement and process management.
      The Group emphasize balance of business scale, profitability and risk tolerance level, adhering to
carrying out various operations with prudence, and will not sacrifice operational risk management and
controls. During the current period, the Group continued to strengthen operational risk management, and has
improved a sound operational risk management system gradually, which was commensurate with the business
nature, scale and complexity of the Group. Three management tools, namely, (1) operational risk control and
self-assessment, (2) operational risk key risk indicators and (3) operational risk event and loss data collection
has been used to effectively enhance the depth and breadth of operational risk management through various
special sorting and investigations for industry hotspot events and frequent risk-prone areas.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

366
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(6)   Capital management

      The Group’s objectives of capital management are:
      •    To ensure the Group maintains sufficient capital strengthen and market competitiveness, oriented
           by the corporate strategy;
      •    Adequately manage its capital resource allocation to maximize the profit and capital return;
      •    To actively explore the Group’s source of funding, optimize the Group’s assets and liabilities
           structure to enhance the use of balance sheet financing;
      •    To comply with the relevant capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong and overseas
           regulations.
      The Company is required to meet the following standards for risk indicators on a continual basis:
      •    The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its various risk capital provisions shall be no less than
           100% (“Ratio 1”);
      •    The ratio of core net capital divided by on-balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet assets shall be no
           less than 8% (“Ratio 2”)
      •    The ratio of high-quality liquidity assets divided by net cash outflows for the next 30 days shall be
           no less than 100% (“Ratio 3”);
      •    The ratio of available amount of stable funds divided by required stable funds shall be no less than
           100% (“Ratio 4”);
      •    The ratio of net capital divided by net asset shall be no less than 20% (“Ratio 5”);
      •    The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio 6”);
      •    The ratio of net asset divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10% (“Ratio 7”);
      •    The ratio of the value of equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed
           100% (“Ratio 8”); and
      •    The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not
           exceed 500% (“Ratio 9”).
    Net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the
Administrative Measures.
     During the reporting period, both of the Company’s net capital and other risk control indicators, comply
with “Securities Company Management Guidelines” issued by CSRC and “Securities Company Risk Control
Indicators Management Guideline”.




                                                                                               2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                              367
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(6)   Capital management (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company maintained the above ratios as follows:

                                                                                   2020            2019

        Net capital                                                         58,654,487      48,651,441

        Net assets                                                          98,287,439      78,190,125

        Sum of all venture capital provisions                               25,957,356      17,483,868

        Total On-Balance-Sheet and Off-Balance-Sheet Assets                283,672,225     216,513,339

        Ratio 1                                                                225.96%         278.26%

        Ratio 2                                                                 17.38%          19.24%

        Ratio 3                                                                278.45%         218.42%

        Ratio 4                                                                144.18%         172.78%

        Ratio 5                                                                 59.68%          62.22%

        Ratio 6                                                                 20.28%          22.26%

        Ratio 7                                                                 33.98%          35.78%

        Ratio 8                                                                 31.69%          32.38%

        Ratio 9                                                                319.68%         328.85%

     The above ratios are calculated based on the underlying financial statements prepared in accordance
with the relevant accounting standards and financial regulations applicable to enterprise in the PRC.
     Certain subsidiaries of the Company are also subject to capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong
and overseas regulations, imposed by the CSRC, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission and the
UK Financial Conduct Authority, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

368
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

(1)   Fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured on a recurring
      basis

     The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis is
estimated using discounted cash flow method.
      The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of the financial assets and financial
liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis (including financial liabilities included in the
consolidated statement of financial position of the Group at amortized cost) approximate their fair values as
at December 31, 2020 and 2019.


(2)   Fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
      recurring basis

      If there is a reliable market quote for financial instruments, the fair value of financial instruments is
based on quoted market prices. If a reliable quoted market price is not available, the fair value of the financial
instruments is estimated using valuation techniques. Valuation techniques applied include reference to the
fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
pricing models. The inputs used in valuation techniques include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit
spreads and foreign exchange rates. Where discounted cash flow analysis is used, estimated cash flows are
based on management’s best estimates and the discount rate used is reference to another instrument that is
substantially the same.
      Since the level 2 and level 3 of financial assets and liabilities are not quoted in an active market, valuation
techniques are used to estimate the fair value. When estimating fair value using valuation techniques,
observable inputs and data from the practical market (e.g. yield curve of interest rate products, foreign
currency exchange rate, implied volatility, etc.) are adopted. If the observable inputs in the market are not
available, the observable input data that are calibrated as closely as possible to the market observable data are
used for estimating the fair value. Meanwhile, the credit risk, volatility, correlation, etc. of the Group and the
counterparties are estimated by the management. Changes in these factors will affect the estimated fair value
of the financial instruments, therefore there were uncertainty of accounting estimation on carrying balances
of the level 2 and level 3 of financial assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                               369
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The valuation techniques and input used in the fair value measurements of financial instruments are as
set out below:

                                                          Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                   Significant            Relationship of
                                                           December 31,
                                                                                     Fair value                                                    unobservable           unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities              2020              2019    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs                 fair value
       1)    Financial assets at fair value
             through profit or loss
             Bonds
             — Traded on stock exchanges               2,793,599      5,987,935         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                    N/A
             — Traded on stock exchange or           109,220,817     93,152,312         Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      N/A                    N/A
               interbank market                                                                   flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                                  reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
             — Bonds with no active market             2,908,904        641,887         Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      Estimated future       The higher the
                                                                                                  flows discounted at unobservable yield curve     cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                                  reflecting credit risk of counterparties.                               flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                   Discount rates
                                                                                                                                                                          fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                                   reflect the risks of
                                                                                                                                                                          the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                   counterparties.
                                                                                                                                                                          higher the fair value.
             Equity investments
             — Traded on stock exchanges              14,749,016      9,875,989         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                    N/A
             — Traded on stock exchanges                    366              3,523      Level 2   Adjusted quoted closing prices for stocks        N/A                    N/A
               (inactive)                                                                         suspended for trading by fair value changes of
                                                                                                  similar securities.
             — Traded on stock exchanges                      —       1,031,376         Level 2   Adjusted market prices.                          N/A                    N/A
               (restricted)
             — Traded on stock exchanges               1,577,412                —       Level 3   Adjusted market prices by option pricing         Liquidity discount.    The higher the
               (restricted)                                                                       model.                                                                  discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                          the fair value.
             — Traded National Securities Exchange      243,674         319,221         Level 2   Bid prices made by market dealers.               N/A                    N/A
               and Quotation System
             — Traded National Securities Exchange       26,181          55,646         Level 2   Bid prices or negotiated prices.                 N/A                    N/A
               and Quotation System
             — Unlisted Equity                         1,935,423        558,639         Level 2   Latest observable transaction prices.            N/A                    N/A
             — Unlisted Equity                          118,214         121,344         Level 3   The net asset value based on the fair value of   The fair value of      The higher the
                                                                                                  the underlying investments.                      underlying assets.     underlying assets
                                                                                                                                                                          valuation, the higher
                                                                                                                                                                          the fair value.
             — Unlisted Equity                          119,203         110,345         Level 3   Comparable companies valuation, adjusted by      Valuation multiples    The higher the
                                                                                                  liquidity discount.                              e.g. P/E or P/B.       valuation multiples,
                                                                                                                                                                          the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                                   Liquidity discount.
                                                                                                                                                                          value. The higher the
                                                                                                                                                                          discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                          the fair value.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

370
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                     Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                Significant            Relationship of
                                                      December 31,
                                                                                Fair value                                                      unobservable           unobservable input to
    Financial assets/financial liabilities            2020              2019    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)            inputs                 fair value
    1)    Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss (Continued)
          Equity investments (Continued)
          — Unlisted Equity                       1,624,929        799,968         Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash        Estimated future       The higher the
                                                                                             flows discounted at unobservable yield curve       cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                             reflecting credit risk of counterparties.                                 flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                Discount rates
                                                                                                                                                                       fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                                reflect the risks of
                                                                                                                                                                       the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                counterparties.
                                                                                                                                                                       higher the fair value.
          — Unlisted Equity                         94,545         208,506         Level 3   Latest transaction price adjusted option pricing   Latest transactions    The high the historical
                                                                                             model.                                             prices adjusted        volatilities, the higher
                                                                                                                                                by differences in      the fair value
                                                                                                                                                rights of equity
                                                                                                                                                interest holders
                                                                                                                                                using derivatives
                                                                                                                                                models. Historical
                                                                                                                                                volatilities.
          Funds
          — Traded on stock exchanges             2,522,865      2,155,879         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.         N/A                    N/A
          — Traded on over-the-counter market    13,035,252     13,969,157         Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the               N/A                    N/A
                                                                                             investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                             observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                             investment portfolio.
          Other investment
          — Wealth management and trust            398,172         587,248         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.         N/A                    N/A
            products and others
          — Wealth management and trust          16,752,765      5,044,434         Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the               N/A                    N/A
            products and others                                                              investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                             observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                             investment portfolio.
          — Wealth management and trust            147,184       1,859,786         Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash        N/A                    N/A
            products and others                                                              flows discounted at an observable yield curve
                                                                                             reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
          — Wealth management and trust           1,560,374             4,540      Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash        Estimated future       The higher the
            products and others                                                              flows discounted at an unobservable yield          cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                             curve reflecting credit risk of counterparties.                           flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                Discount rates
                                                                                                                                                                       fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                                reflect the risks of
                                                                                                                                                                       the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                counterparties.
                                                                                                                                                                       higher the fair value.
          — Partnership enterprise                3,766,169      1,658,333         Level 3   Comparable companies valuation, adjusted by        Valuation multiples    The higher the
                                                                                             liquidity discount.                                e.g. P/E or P/B.       valuation multiples,
                                                                                                                                                                       the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                                Liquidity discount.
                                                                                                                                                                       value. The higher the
                                                                                                                                                                       discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                       the fair value.




                                                                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                       371
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                         Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                 Significant    Relationship of
                                                          December 31,
                                                                                   Fair value                                                    unobservable   unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities             2020              2019   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs         fair value
       2)    Debt instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
             Bonds
             — Traded on stock exchange               2,008,899        178,305        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Traded on stock exchange or           42,605,701     45,556,002        Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      N/A            N/A
               interbank market                                                                 flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                                reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
       3)    Equity instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
             Equity investments
             — Traded on stock exchanges               201,739                —       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Traded on stock exchanges                   255                —       Level 2   Adjusted quoted closing prices for stocks        N/A            N/A
               (inactive)                                                                       suspended for trading by fair value changes of
                                                                                                similar securities.
             — Special accounts                       7,218,586      7,057,809        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the             N/A            N/A
                                                                                                investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                                observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                                investment portfolio.
       4)    Derivative financial instruments
             — Interest rate swap — assets             567,793         226,180        Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A            N/A
                                                                                                that are estimated based on contractual terms,
                                                                                                discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                                risk.
             — Interest rate swap — liabilities        562,867         232,652        Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A            N/A
                                                                                                that are estimated based on contractual terms,
                                                                                                discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                                risk.
             — Equity return swap — assets             284,354         182,909        Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                                the equity return of underlying equity
                                                                                                securities and the fixed income agreed in the
                                                                                                swap agreements.
             — Equity return swap — liabilities        144,448                —       Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                                the equity return of underlying equity
                                                                                                securities and the fixed income agreed in the
                                                                                                swap agreements.
             — Stock index futures — assets                629                —       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Stock index futures — liabilities          1,519               —       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Treasury bond futures — liabilities           —               332      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Commodity swap — assets                    7,976         16,373        Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                                the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                                the reference price agreed by counterparties.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

372
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                      Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                               Significant             Relationship of
                                                       December 31,
                                                                                 Fair value                                                    unobservable            unobservable input to
    Financial assets/financial liabilities             2020              2019    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs                  fair value
    4)    Derivative financial instruments
          (Continued)
          — Commodity swap — liabilities              2,847              2,972      Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A                     N/A
                                                                                              the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                              the reference price agreed by counterparties.
          — Commodity futures — assets                  200       1,120,349         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                     N/A
          — Commodity futures — liabilities          15,541       1,105,762         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                     N/A
          — Option — assets                         414,352         113,394         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                     N/A
          — Option — liabilities                    887,033         370,568         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                     N/A
          — Over-the-counter option — assets        438,238         133,222         Level 3   Option pricing model.                            Historical volatility   The higher the
                                                                                                                                               of the share prices     historical volatility, the
                                                                                                                                               of the securities.      higher the fair value.
          — Over-the-counter option                1,254,466        442,105         Level 3   Option pricing model.                            Historical volatility   The higher the
            — liabilities                                                                                                                      of the share prices     historical volatility, the
                                                                                                                                               of the securities.      higher the fair value.
          — Foreign exchange contracts              166,540                 —       Level 2   Broker quoted price.                             N/A                     N/A
            — liabilities
          — Foreign exchange contracts                  295               477       Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are     N/A                     N/A
            — assets                                                                          estimated based on forward interest rates and
                                                                                              contracted interest rates, discounted at rates
                                                                                              that reflects the credit risk.
          — Foreign exchange contracts                   52              1,164      Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are     N/A                     N/A
            — liabilities                                                                     estimated based on forward interest rates and
                                                                                              contracted interest rates, discounted at rates
                                                                                              that reflects the credit risk.
          — Commodity — assets                        8,617          12,381         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A                     N/A
                                                                                              the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                              the reference price agreed by counterparties.
          — Commodity — liabilities                  12,005          22,254         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A                     N/A
                                                                                              the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                              the reference price agreed by counterparties.
          — Credit default swap — assets              3,885               534       Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     The agreed return       The higher the agreed
                                                                                              that are estimated based on the difference of    rate.                   return rate, the higher
                                                                                              agreed return and expected market return.                                the fair value.
          — Credit default swap — liabilities         4,735              5,413      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     The agreed return       The higher the agreed
                                                                                              that are estimated based on the difference of    rate.                   return rate, the higher
                                                                                              agreed return and expected market return.                                the fair value.
          — Bond forward contracts — liabilities     19,749                 —       Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     Discounted cash         The higher the
                                                                                              that are calculated based on the difference      flow with future        discount rate, the
                                                                                              between quoted closing price and the             cash flows that are     lower the fair value.
                                                                                              reference price agreed by counterparties.        estimated based
                                                                                                                                               on contract terms.




                                                                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                        373
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                           Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                  Significant    Relationship of
                                                            December 31,
                                                                                     Fair value                                                   unobservable   unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities               2020              2019   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)         inputs         fair value
       5)    Financial liabilities at fair value
             through profit or loss
             — Designated at fair value through         2,711,017      2,583,705        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the            N/A            N/A
               profit or loss — structured entities                                               investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                                  observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                                  investment portfolio.
             — Designated at fair value through           15,870                —       Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between      N/A            N/A
               profit or loss — structured entities                                               the equity return of underlying equity
                                                                                                  securities and the fixed income agreed in the
                                                                                                  swap agreements.
             — Financial liabilities held for trading    345,689         147,189        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.      N/A            N/A
               — equity securities
             — Financial liabilities held for trading    312,000         166,992        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.      N/A            N/A
               — gold
             — Financial liabilities held for trading    356,349         256,454        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.      N/A            N/A
               — others
             — Financial liabilities held for trading   9,581,296      6,922,046        Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash     N/A            N/A
               — debt securities                                                                  flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                                  reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
             — Financial liabilities held for trading    303,874                —       Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between      N/A            N/A
               — others                                                                           the equity return of underlying equity
                                                                                                  securities and the fixed income agreed in the
                                                                                                  swap agreements.
             — Financial liabilities held for trading    315,956                —       Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the            N/A            N/A
               — others                                                                           investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                                  observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                                  investment portfolio.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

374
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Analysis of financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the year, by level in the fair value
hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorized as follows:

                                                                As at December 31, 2020

                                                   Level 1           Level 2          Level 3             Total

       Financial assets

       Financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                  20,463,652      141,361,662       11,769,750        173,595,064

         — Debt securities                       2,793,599     109,220,817         2,908,904       114,923,320

         — Equity investments                  14,749,016         2,205,644        3,534,303        20,488,963

         — Funds                                 2,522,865      13,035,252                 —        15,558,117

         — Others                                  398,172      16,899,949         5,326,543        22,624,664

       Derivative financial assets                 415,181          869,035          442,123         1,726,339

       Debt instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive
       income                                    2,008,899      42,605,701                 —        44,614,600

       Equity instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive
       income                                      201,739        7,218,841                —         7,420,580

                                               23,089,471      192,055,239       12,211,873        227,356,583

       Financial liabilities

       Financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss                    1,014,038      12,928,013                 —        13,942,051

       Derivative financial liabilities            904,093          888,759        1,278,950         3,071,802

                                                 1,918,131      13,816,772         1,278,950        17,013,853




                                                                                                2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                             375
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                As at December 31, 2019

                                                 Level 1           Level 2        Level 3           Total

        Financial assets

        Financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                18,607,051    115,994,094        3,544,923     138,146,068

          — Debt securities                    5,987,935        93,152,312       641,887      99,782,134

          — Equity investments                 9,875,989         1,968,405     1,240,163      13,084,557

          — Funds                              2,155,879        13,969,157             —      16,125,036

          — Others                              587,248          6,904,220     1,662,873       9,154,341

        Derivative financial assets            1,233,743          438,320        133,756       1,805,819

        Debt instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive
        income                                  178,305         45,556,002             —      45,734,307

        Equity instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive
        income                                        —          7,057,809             —       7,057,809

                                              20,019,099    169,046,225        3,678,679     192,744,003

        Financial liabilities

        Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                  570,635          9,505,751             —      10,076,386

        Derivative financial liabilities       1,476,662          259,042        447,518       2,183,222

                                               2,047,297         9,764,793       447,518      12,259,608

     There was no significant transfer of financial instruments measured at fair value between the first and
second levels of the Group during the year of 2020 and 2019.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

376
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                          Financial           Financial
                                                                             assets          liabilities
    As at January 1, 2020                                                3,678,679             447,518
    Gain or losses for the year                                            931,438              63,635
    Additions                                                            7,596,055             999,332
    Sales and settlements                                                 (518,729)           (231,535)
    Transfers into level 3                                                 524,430                   —

    As at December 31, 2020                                             12,211,873           1,278,950
    Total gains or losses for the period included in profit
    or loss for assets/liabilities held at the end of
    the reporting period                                                   912,140             142,759

                                                                          Financial           Financial
                                                                             assets          liabilities
    As at January 1, 2019                                                3,461,633                   —
    Gain or losses for the year                                            176,668            (210,825)
    Additions                                                              828,835             236,693
    Sales and settlements                                                 (250,340)                  —
    Transfers out of level 3                                              (538,117)                  —
    As at December 31, 2019                                              3,678,679             447,518
    Total gains or losses for the period included in profit
    or loss for assets/liabilities held at the end of
    the reporting period                                                   212,251            (210,825)




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                    377
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

      The Group offsets the following financial assets and financial liabilities since the Group currently has a
legally enforceable right to set off the balances, and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the
balances simultaneously.

                                                                                                As at December 31, 2020

                                                                   Gross amounts
                                                                    of recognized                                 Related amounts not set off
                                                                          financial      Net amounts of          in the consolidated statement
                                                                         liabilities      financial assets            of financial position
                                                                         set off in          presented in
                                            Gross amounts        the consolidated       the consolidated
                                               of recognize          statement of            statement of           Financial
        Type of financial assets            financial assets    financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

        Advances to customers                   81,754,350                       —           81,754,350          (73,003,855)          (8,750,495)            —

        Accounts receivable from clearing
        houses, brokers and dealers              7,829,291             (2,286,542)             5,542,749            (576,562)          (4,571,119)      395,068

        Derivatives instruments                  1,772,308                 (45,969)            1,726,339                  —                      —    1,726,339

                                                91,355,949             (2,332,511)           89,023,438          (73,580,417)        (13,321,614)     2,121,407

                                                                                                As at December 31, 2020

                                                                   Gross amounts         Net amounts of
                                                                     of recognized               financial        Related amounts not set off
                                                                   financial assets             liabilities      in the consolidated statement
                                            Gross amounts                 set off in        presented in              of financial position
                                              of recognize       the consolidated       the consolidated
                                                   financial          statement of          statement of            Financial
        Type of financial liabilities             liabilities   financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

        Accounts payable to brokerage
        clients                                (10,435,388)             2,286,542             (8,148,846)            576,562                     —    (7,572,284)

        Derivatives instruments                 (3,535,388)               463,586             (3,071,802)                 —                      —    (3,071,802)

                                               (13,970,776)             2,750,128            (11,220,648)            576,562                     —   (10,644,086)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

378
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

                                                                                            As at December 31, 2019

                                                               Gross amounts
                                                                of recognized                                 Related amounts not set off
                                                                      financial      Net amounts of          in the consolidated statement
                                                                     liabilities      financial assets            of financial position
                                                                     set off in          presented in
                                        Gross amounts        the consolidated       the consolidated
                                           of recognize          statement of            statement of           Financial
    Type of financial assets            financial assets    financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

    Advances to customers                   55,224,619                       —           55,224,619          (48,138,182)          (7,086,437)            —

    Accounts receivable from clearing
    houses, brokers and dealers              1,468,716               (914,008)               554,708            (354,157)                    —      200,551

    Derivatives instruments                  1,814,628                  (8,809)            1,805,819                  —                      —    1,805,819

                                            58,507,963               (922,817)           57,585,146          (48,492,339)         (7,086,437)     2,006,370

                                                                                            As at December 31, 2019

                                                               Gross amounts         Net amounts of           Related amounts not set off
                                                                 of recognized               financial       in the consolidated statement
                                                               financial assets             liabilities           of financial position
                                        Gross amounts                 set off in        presented in
                                          of recognize       the consolidated       the consolidated
                                               financial          statement of          statement of            Financial
    Type of financial liabilities             liabilities   financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

    Accounts payable to brokerage
    clients                                 (3,855,587)               914,008             (2,941,579)            354,157                     —    (2,587,422)

    Derivatives instruments                 (2,521,279)               338,057             (2,183,222)                 —                      —    (2,183,222)

                                            (6,376,866)             1,252,065             (5,124,801)            354,157                     —   (4,770,644)




                                                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                       379
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

      The Group has entered into master netting arrangements with counterparties for the derivative
instruments, accounts receivable from dealer and broker and also with clearing house for netting trades.
     The Group has entered into master netting arrangements with Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company
Limited for netting trades, net receivables and payables are settled on the same settlement date as the
company.
      Except for the enforceable master netting arrangements and the offset-right of the financial assets
under the similar agreements disclosed above, the collateral of which, such as financial assets held under
resale agreement, financial assets sold under repurchase agreement, secured loan receivables and margin
accounts receivable, are disclosed in the corresponding notes, which are generally not presented on a net
basis in financial position. However, assuming the fair value of the collateral is presented on net basis, the
risk exposure of the corresponding accounts will be lowered accordingly. As at December 31, 2020 and 2019,
due to the fair value of the collateral is higher than the book value of the financial instruments, collateral net
exposure after offsetting and net amount is considered not significant.


65. CONTINGENCIES

      During the year of 2020, certain investors in China Security Co., Ltd instigated civil litigations to seek
indemnities against their losses arising from misrepresentations, and lodged claims against China Security Co.,
Ltd and their directors, its subsidiary China Security & Fire Technology Co., Ltd and intermediaries including
the Company, for indemnifying their losses and the associated litigation costs, and demand China Security
& Fire Technology Co., Ltd, personnel including directors of China Security Co., Ltd and intermediaries to
undertake joint and several liabilities in respect of these indemnities. Up to March 25, 2021, the Company
received lawsuit materials and relevant notices initiated by 481 investors from Shanghai Financial Court and
the aggregate amount involved was RMB272 million. Shanghai Financial Court made verdicts for certain of
these cases but these verdicts have not yet been effective. The Company has already appealed against these
verdicts and Shanghai High Court has already started handling. The impact of the above civil litigations has
been considered in the consolidated financial statements. Up to the date of the approval of this report, there
is no further progress on these litigations.
     As at December 31, 2019, the Group was not involved in any material legal, arbitration or administrative
proceedings that, if adversely determined, the Group expects that they would materially adversely affect its
financial position or results of operations.


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

     The following table only contains details of subsidiaries that have significant influence on the Group’s
performance, assets or liabilities. Unless otherwise stated, the type of shares held is ordinary share.

                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                         2020             2019

        Unlisted investments, at cost                                             16,930,647         8,832,647




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

380
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                    Proportion ownership
                                                           Place of
                                                                                         interest held
                                                           incorporation/
                                                                                       by the Company
                                       Type of             establishment/                                         Issued and
                                                                                     (As at December 31,)
                                       legal entity        date of                                                  fully paid
    Name of subsidiary                 registered          establishment               2020        2019         share capital      Principal activities
    China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   PRC/July 14, 1999          100%         100%     HK$4,103,627,390       Investment holding
    International Company Limited(i)   company
    China Merchants Securities (HK)    Limited liability   PRC/October 4, 1986        100%         100%     HK$5,500,000,000       Securities brokerage
    Co., Limited                       company
    China Merchants Futures (HK)       Limited liability   PRC/January 19, 2001       100%         100%      HK$200,000,000        Futures brokerage
    Co., Limited                       company
    China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   PRC/September 18, 2006     100%         100%      HK$400,000,000        Investment holding
    Investment Management (HK)         company
    Co., Limited
    CMS Capital (HK) Co., Limited      Limited liability   PRC/August 1, 2003         100%         100%         HK$5,000,000       Assets management
                                       company
    CMS Asset Management (HK)          Limited liability   PRC/August 13, 2008        100%         100%       HK$10,000,000        Assets management
    Co., Limited                       company
    China Merchants Futures            Limited liability   PRC/April 4, 1993          100%         100%     RMB3,598,000,000       Futures brokerage
    Co., Ltd.(i)                       company
    China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital    Limited liability   PRC/August 28, 2009        100%         100%     RMB1,800,000,000       Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd.(i)            company
    Shenzhen China Merchants           Limited liability   PRC/July 25, 2011          100%         100%        RMB3,000,000        Consulting services
    Zhiyuan Consultancy Services       company
    Co., Ltd.
    Beijing Zhiyuan Lixin Investment   Limited liability   PRC/April 23, 2013         100%         100%       RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Management Co., Ltd.               company                                                                                     management
    Shenzhen China Merchants           Limited liability   PRC/May 29, 2013            70%          70%       RMB15,000,000        Investment
    Zhiyuan Equity Investment and      company                                                                                     management
    Funds Management Co., Ltd.
    Ganzhou China Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/June 7, 2013           100%         100%       RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Zhiyuan No. 1 Fund Management      company                                                                                     management
    Co., Ltd.
    Ganzhou Zhaoyuan Investment        Limited liability   PRC/October 14, 2013       100%         100%       RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Management Co., Ltd.               company                                                                                     management
    Anhui Traffic Control Merchants    Limited liability   PRC/March 4, 2015          100%         100%       RMB25,000,000        Investment
    Private Equity Fund Management     company                                                                                     management
    Co. LTD




                                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                    381
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                       Proportion ownership
                                                               Place of
                                                                                            interest held
                                                               incorporation/
                                                                                          by the Company
                                           Type of             establishment/                                        Issued and
                                                                                        (As at December 31,)
                                           legal entity        date of                                                 fully paid
        Name of subsidiary                 registered          establishment              2020        2019         share capital    Principal activities
        Qingdao Guoxin Merchants           Limited liability   PRC/February 6, 2015       65%          65%       RMB10,000,000      Investment
        Private Equity Fund Investment     company                                                                                  management
        Management Co. LTD
        Shenyang China Merchants           Limited liability   PRC/July 10, 2015          70%          70%        RMB4,000,000      Investment
        Business and Development           company                                                                                  management
        Investment Management Co., Ltd.
        China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   PRC/December 2, 2013      100%         100%     RMB7,100,000,000     Investment holding
        Investment Co., Ltd.(i)            company
        China Merchants Securities Asset   Limited liability   PRC/April 3, 2015         100%         100%     RMB1,000,000,000     Assets management
        Management Co., Ltd.(i)            company
        China Merchants Securities (UK)    Limited liability   UK/October 25, 2013       100%         100%       US$22,000,000      Futures brokerage
        Limited                            company
        Qingdao China Merchants            Limited liability   PRC/January 12, 2016      100%         100%       RMB10,000,000      Investment
        Zhiyuan Investment Management      company                                                                                  management
        Co., Ltd.
        Anhui Zhiyuan Smart City Fund      Limited liability   PRC/March 15, 2016        100%         100%        RMB4,500,000      Equity fund
        Management Co., Ltd.               company                                                                                  management,
                                                                                                                                    investment advisory
                                                                                                                                    service, investment
                                                                                                                                    management, financial
                                                                                                                                    consultancy service
        China Merchants Securities (HK)    Limited liability   PRC/May 14, 2016          100%         100%          HK$500,000      Investment and
        Finance Co., Limited               company                                                                                  financing Management
        China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   PRC/August 8, 2016        100%         100%      RMB200,000,000      Financial services
        Capital Investment Co., Ltd.*      company
        Anhui Traffic Control China        Limited liability   PRC/April 6, 2017          70%          70%       RMB15,000,000      Investment
        Merchants Fund Management          company                                                                                  management
        Co., Ltd.
        China Merchants Securities         Limited liability   Korea/January 9, 2017     100%         100%     KRW8,523,900,000     Securities brokerage,
        (Korea) Co., Ltd.                  company                                                                                  futures brokerage
        Chizhou Zhongan China              Limited liability   PRC/November 4, 2015       72%          72%       RMB10,000,000      Investment
        Merchants Equity Investment        company                                                                                  management
        Management Co., Ltd.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

382
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                               Proportion ownership
                                                          Place of
                                                                                    interest held
                                                          incorporation/
                                                                                  by the Company
                                      Type of             establishment/                                   Issued and
                                                                                (As at December 31,)
                                      legal entity        date of                                            fully paid
         Name of subsidiary           registered          establishment           2020        2019       share capital      Principal activities
         Humble Easy Limited          Limited liability   UK/January 8, 2016   98.40%           0%       US$5,000,000       Investment
                                      company                                                                               management
         Bliss Moment Limited         Limited liability   UK/January 8, 2016     100%           0%      US$10,000,000       Investment
                                      company                                                                               management

   *          English name translated is for identification purpose only.
   (i)        These subsidiaries are directly held by the Company.
   (ii)       During the year, the Company’s subsidiaries incorporated Humble Easy Limited and Bliss Moment Limited
              into the scope of consolidation through capital increase.
   (iii)      Shenzhen China Merchants Zhiyuan Culture Investment Management Co., Ltd began the cancellation of
              registration on January 17th, 2020, which has been completed by the end of this year. Therefore, it is not
              considered as a group subsidiary and included in the consolidation scope.
   (iv)       The directors of the Company considered that none of these subsidiaries has non-controlling interests
              material to the group at the end of the year, and therefore there is no further information to be
              disclosed.
   (v)        None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities during the current and prior year.


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                                         As at December 31,
                                                                                                              2020                       2019
         Non-current assets
            Property and equipment                                                                      1,462,200                1,446,004
            Right-of-use assets                                                                         1,468,867                1,440,760
            Other intangible assets                                                                          3,000                      3,000
            Investments in subsidiaries                                                                16,930,647                8,832,647
            Interests in associates                                                                     8,473,701                7,778,241
            Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
            income                                                                                      7,420,580                7,057,809
            Debt instruments at amortized cost                                                           674,988                 1,424,662
            Financial assets held under resale agreements                                               1,238,660                2,170,301
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                          41,710                     41,710
            Deferred tax assets                                                                         1,645,801                   752,103
            Other non-current assets                                                                     335,777                    267,280
         Total non-current assets                                                                      39,695,931              31,214,517


                                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                             383
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                              2020          2019
        Current assets
          Advances to customers                                          77,871,977    51,318,915
          Current tax assets                                                     —       166,124
          Accounts and other receivables                                  3,838,415     1,036,227
          Amount due from a subsidiary                                     891,502      1,202,288
          Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income                                                         41,926,443    44,816,397
          Debt instruments at amortized cost                               381,914       375,372
          Financial assets held under resale agreements                  50,898,293    33,509,524
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         148,916,745   119,429,545
          Derivative financial assets                                     1,693,163      648,870
          Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions     5,009,375     2,244,260
          Clearing settlement funds                                      22,474,293    11,959,758
          Cash and bank balances                                         63,511,323    48,609,703
        Total current assets                                            417,413,443   315,316,983
        Total assets                                                    457,109,374   346,531,500
        Current liabilities
          Short-term debt instruments                                    36,216,758    33,098,616
          Placements from banks and other financial institutions         11,002,762     7,013,199
          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                          69,582,590    49,827,013
          Accrued staff costs                                             6,424,257     4,728,782
          Other payables and accrued charges                             12,414,692     3,539,200
          Current tax liabilities                                          110,049              —
          Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss      9,893,296     6,945,434
          Derivative financial liabilities                                3,039,329     1,048,823
          Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements             114,990,873    94,035,285
          Lease liabilities                                                253,506       224,986
          Provisions                                                           377              —
          Bonds payable due within one year                              36,939,761    15,478,614
        Total current liabilities                                       300,868,250   215,939,952
        Net current assets                                              116,545,193    99,377,031
        Total assets less current liabilities                           156,241,124   130,591,548




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

384
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

                                                                              As at December 31,
                                                                                  2020              2019
    Equity
      Share capital                                                         8,696,526         6,699,409
      Other equity instruments                                             15,000,000        15,000,000
      Capital reserve                                                      40,247,316        27,460,042
      Less: Treasury stock                                                          —           663,954
      Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at
      fair value through other comprehensive income                           295,852           541,686
      General reserves                                                     17,301,678        15,579,632
      Retained profits                                                     16,746,068        13,573,310
    Total equity                                                           98,287,440        78,190,125
    Non-current liabilities
      Accrued staff costs                                                     395,360           525,040
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                534,126           394,322
      Deferred income                                                         119,340           122,537
      Lease liabilities                                                       865,228           846,636
      Bonds payable                                                        56,039,630        50,512,888
    Total non-current liabilities                                          57,953,684        52,401,423
    Total equity and non-current liabilities                              156,241,124       130,591,548




                                                                                         2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                      385
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as below

Capital reserve

      For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                               At the
                                                           beginning                           At the end
                                                          of the year          Addition        of the year
        Capital reserve                                   27,460,042          12,787,274       40,247,316

     The addition in share premium includes the share premium of A-share allotment of RMB10,980,402
thousand and the share premium of H-share allotment of RMB1,806,872 thousand during the year.
      For the year ended December 31, 2019

                                                               At the
                                                           beginning                           At the end
                                                          of the year          Addition        of the year
        Capital reserve                                   27,460,042                  —        27,460,042



Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income:


                                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                                                      2020           2019
        At the beginning of the year                                               541,686        302,864
        Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          Net changes in fair value for the year                                   (165,914)      149,813
          Reclassification to profit or loss                                       (314,168)     (183,740)
          Income tax impact                                                        120,020          8,482
        Impairment of debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income
          Net changes in fair value for the year                                       (966)        1,144
          Income tax impact                                                            242           (286)
        Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          Net changes in fair value for the year                                   163,467        335,203
          Income tax impact                                                         (40,867)      (83,801)
        Share of fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income of associates                                     (7,648)       12,007
        At the end of the year                                                     295,852        541,686

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

386
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as below (Continued)

General reserves

    For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                           At the
                                                       beginning                               At the end
                                                      of the year           Addition           of the year

      Statutory reserve                                 5,236,148                  —            5,236,148

      General risk reserve                              5,236,148            861,023            6,097,171

      Transaction risk reserve                          5,107,336            861,023            5,968,359

                                                       15,579,632          1,722,046           17,301,678

    For the year ended December 31, 2019

                                                           At the
                                                       beginning                               At the end
                                                      of the year           Addition           of the year

      Statutory reserve                                 4,662,350            573,798            5,236,148

      General risk reserve                              4,662,350            573,798            5,236,148

      Transaction risk reserve                          4,533,538            573,798            5,107,336

                                                       13,858,238          1,721,394           15,579,632



Retained profits

    The movements of retained profits of the Company are set out below:

                                                                                As at December 31,
                                                                                    2020              2019
      At the beginning of the year                                           13,573,310        12,127,461
      Profit for the year                                                     8,610,230         5,737,976
      Appropriation to general reserves                                       (1,722,046)       (1,721,393)
      Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                       (802,090)         (802,090)
      Dividends recognized as distribution                                    (2,913,336)       (1,768,644)
      At the end of the year                                                 16,746,068        13,573,310



                                                                                           2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                        387
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were or
future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
financing activities.

                                                     Short-term
                                                           debt      Bonds          Lease      Dividend
                                    Borrowings      instruments     payable     liabilities     payable           Total

        At January 1, 2020(i)          4,517,288     33,098,616   65,991,502    1,252,147       592,196     105,451,749

        Cash changes

        — Cash flow from
          financing activities(i)       (367,070)     2,125,829   24,120,787     (328,454)            —      25,551,092

        — Dividends paid                      —              —            —             —     (3,719,276)    (3,719,276)

        — Cash flow from
          operating activities           (66,197)            —            —             —             —         (66,197)

        Non-cash changes

        — Financing cost incurred       144,584        992,313     2,996,912       40,413             —       4,174,222

        — Dividends declared                  —              —            —             —     3,719,276       3,719,276

        — Additions of leases                                                    303,962                       303,962

        — Disposal of leases                                                         (941)                         (941)

        — Exchange differences          (266,953)            —      (128,573)      (6,728)            —        (402,254)

        At December 31, 2020           3,961,652     36,216,758   92,980,628    1,260,399       592,196     135,011,633




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

388
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2020
                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (Continued)


                                                      Short-term
                                                            debt       Bonds          Lease      Dividend
                                        Borrowings   instruments      payable     liabilities     payable           Total

         At January 1, 2019              2,961,876    34,850,476    53,419,092    1,315,352       592,196      93,138,992

         Cash changes

         — Cash flow from
           financing activities(i)       1,331,979    (2,697,964)    9,697,427     (315,705)            —       8,015,737

         — Dividends paid                       —             —             —             —     (2,591,614)    (2,591,614)

         — Cash flow from
           operating activities             20,218            —             —             —             —         20,218

         Non-cash changes

         — Financing cost incurred         117,676      946,104      2,876,964       37,418             —       3,978,162

         — Dividends declared                   —             —             —             —     2,591,614       2,591,614

         — Additions of leases                                                     211,835                       211,835

         — Disposal of leases                                                        (2,108)                       (2,108)

         — Exchange differences             85,539            —         (1,981)       5,355             —         88,913

         At December 31, 2019            4,517,288    33,098,616    65,991,502    1,252,147       592,196     105,451,749

   (i)       The cash flows represent the proceeds from and repayment of borrowings, short-term debt instruments,
             bonds payable and interest paid in the consolidated statement of cash flows.




                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     389
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


69. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

(1)   Profit distribution

      In accordance with the 2020 profit distribution plan approved in the 5th meeting by the 7th board of
directors on March 26, 2021, the Company proposed cash dividends of RMB4.37 per 10 shares (inclusive of
tax) to shareholders based on 8,696,526,806 shares of total capital. The proposed profit distribution plan is
subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting.


(2)   Bond issue

     On January 18, 2021, the Company issued the first tranche of public corporate bonds, with the type I
named as “21CMG1” and the type II named as “21CMG2”. The total principal amount of 21CMG1 is RMB
1.5 billion with duration of 2 years and the interest rate is 3.24% per annum. The total principal amount of
21CMG2 is RMB 4.5 billion with duration of 3 years and the interest rate is 3.53% per annum.
      On January 27, 2021, the company issued the first tranche of public subordinated bonds named as
“21CMC1”. The total principal amount of “21CMC1” is RMB 4.8 billion with duration of 3 years and the
interest rate is 3.95% per annum.
      On January 28, 2021, the Company issued the second tranche of public corporate bonds named as
“21CMG3”. The total principal amount of 21CMG3 is RMB 1.4 billion with duration of 3 years and the
interest rate is 3.58% per annum.
      On February 3, 2021, the Company issued the first tranche of public short-term corporate bonds named
as “21CMS1”. The total principal amount of 21CMS1 is RMB 4.2 billion with duration of 350 days and the
interest rate is 3.25% per annum.
     On February 26, 2021,the Company issued the first tranche of non-public corporate bonds, with the type
I named as “21CMF1” and the type II named as “21CMF2”. The total principal amount of 21CMF1 is RMB
2.5 billion with duration of 546 days and the interest rate is 3.55% per annum. The total principal amount of
21CMF2 is RMB 7.5 billion with duration of 911 days and the interest rate is 3.85% per annum.
      On March 9, 2021, the Company issued the second tranche of public subordinated bonds named as
“21CMC2”. The total principal amount of 21CMC2 is RMB 6 billion with duration of 3 years and the interest
rate is 3.95% per annum.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

390
           Chapter 11: Documents Available for Inspection


                      (I)     Financial statements with signatures and seals of the authorized
Documents available
                              representative of the Company, person-in-charge of accounting and the
for inspection
                              head of accounting department.

                      (II)    Original copy of the auditor’s report stamped with the seals of the
Documents available
                              accounting firm and signatures and seals of the Certified Public
for inspection
                              Accountant.

                      (III)   Original copies of all documents and announcements published by the
Documents available
                              Company during the Reporting Period on the designated websites of the
for inspection
                              place where the Company’s securities are listed.

Documents available
                      (IV) Other relevant information.
for inspection

                                                                      Chairman of the Board: HUO Da
                                               Submission date approved by the Board: March 26, 2021




                                                                                   2020 Annual Report

                                                                                                391
Chapter 12: Information Disclosure of a Securities Company


I.        Relevant Information on the Major Administrative Approvals of the Company


            Issuing                                                                        Date of
 No.                         Title                                 Document No.
            authority                                                                      announcement

                             Reply on Approval of Share
                                                                   Zheng Ju Xu Ke
                             Allotment by China Merchants
      1     CSRC                                                   [2020] No.723(證監        April 17, 2020
                             Securities Co., Ltd.(關於核准招商
                                                                   許可[2020] 723號)
                             證券股份有限公司配股的批覆)

                             Reply from the State Administration
                             of Foreign Exchange in Relation to
                             Purchase, Payment and Remittance
            State
                             by Domestic Investors for Their
            Administration                                         Hui Fu [2020] No. 45
      2                      Purchase of H Shares of China                                 August 10, 2020
            of Foreign                                             (匯複[2020] 45號)
                             Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
            Exchange
                             (國家外匯管理局關於境內投資者
                             購買招商證券股份有限公司H股
                             有關購付匯事宜的批覆)



II.       Classification of the Company by the Regulatory Department


 2020                                                                                     AA (Class A)

 2019                                                                                     AA (Class A)

 2018                                                                                     AA (Class A)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

392
                                                          CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.
                                                                                                 (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
                                                                                                 Stock code: 6099




                                                                                                 2020
Address:       111 Fuhua First Road,
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT
               Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
Telephone:     0755-82943666
Fax:           0755-82943100
Postal code:   518046
www.cmschina.com.cn
Customer Service Hotline: 95565




                                                          2020 ANNUAL REPORT
