(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock code: 6099




2022
ANNUAL REPORT
                                       HUO Da
                                       Chairman of the Board

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

2
Accelerating the transformation and reform
of modern investment bank
– Statement of HUO Da, the Chairman
of the Board, for the 2022 annual report


        2022 was full of happy events and great events. The 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the Beijing Olympic Winter
Games were successfully held. The overall economic and social situation of China was stable, which steadily improved the quality of development.
2022 was also a year with many difficulties and rapid changes. Under the impact of multiple unexpected factors, the economic operation faced
"triple pressures", resulting in increased volatility in financial market and decline in trading volume of stocks and funds. The securities industry was
under short-term pressure and its performance has fallen. The challenges of controlling risks and stabilizing operations have increased.



        Operational challenges from the external environment are not the only challenges faced by the China Merchants Securities. Internally, as
the Company's transformation and reform entered the key "deep water zone", the challenges of enhancing transformation and promoting reform
have been enlarged. In 2022, we maintained our strategic focus and continuously overcame difficulties through making every effort to stabilize
the current operations while stepping up efforts to deepen strategic transformation. The operation throughout the Year reflected three points:
Firstly, the “fundamental keystone” (基本盤) is stable and the leading business advantages are maintained. Wealth management and
institutional business maintained a competitive position and ranked top three in the industry in terms of net income from agency trading of securities
(including leasing of trading seats, using parent company as statistics caliber). The number of private fund products under custody ranked 1st in the
industry for nine consecutive years in terms of market share. Secondly, asset quality continues to be excellent and risks are controllable. Five
risk management capabilities namely "full coverage, monitorability, measurability, with analysis, and responsiveness" are continuously improved
to resolve multiple risk challenges in an orderly manner. Risk loss indicators such as the financing default loss rate are well controlled, thereby
maintaining excellent asset quality. Thirdly, the key measures of transformation were implemented and the preliminary result was
achieved. The implementation of “client-oriented” corporate client manager system and institutional client manager system represented the initial
establishment of a modern investment banking service system. The “Gazelle Incubator Project” (羚躍計劃) and the "Three Investment Coordination",
namely investment research, investment banking and investment, began to show results, which solidified the foundation for developing a modern
investment bank and strengthened our confidence in deepening transformation.



        2023 is the first year to fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. The economic growth of
China has stabilized and recovered, and the market expectation tended to improve. Meanwhiles, with the implementation of registration-based IPO
system, the relationship between supply and demand in the market is facing in-depth adjustments, and the differentiation among peer institutions
will be accelerated. Under the new competitive situation, it is a "difficult but correct" inevitable choice to firmly and unswervingly take the road
of transformation towards modern investment bank. In 2023, we will do a good job in two "deepening" and two "coordinating" while taking the
high-quality development path of China Merchants Securities during transformation and reform. Firstly, deepening the reform of state-owned
enterprise through focusing on in-depth benchmarking of selected leading financial institutions and focusing on key tasks, with an aim to effectively
enhancing core competitiveness. Secondly, deepening internal transformation through setting the development of a strong modern investment
bank as the top priority of annual business development, promoting the full implementation of the "upgraded " reform of wealth management
transformation, and accelerating the creation of unique competitive advantages in institutional business. Thirdly, coordinating development and
safety through doing a good job in prevention and control of key risks in a forward-looking manner, continuously improving the risk internal control
system for key businesses such as investment banking and investment, and building a solid "safety protection net" for information technology.
Fourthly, coordinating corporate operation and social responsibility through deeply integrating the ESG concept with the Company's strategy
and operation, highlighting the characteristics of green finance, and supporting the development of green industries through multiple channels and
multiple variety of green investment and financing tools.



        Reforms and innovations are beneficial to the Company even though they are hard to achieve. Although the road of transformation of the
Company towards modern investment bank is long and arduous, perseverance will lead us to a bright future. We will thoroughly implement the
spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, strengthen confidence in development, deepen reform and innovation and
promote the “spirit of reforms and innovations” with the attitude of not taking refuge, confidence and self-reliance. The Company will utilize its
high-quality development to serve the high-quality development of the real economy, so as to practice the ambition of "serving the country with
financial services" in Chinese modernization and strive to create stable and continuous excellent returns for the shareholders.




                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                     3
                                       WU Zongmin
                                       President

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

4
Striving to enter a new stage of high-quality
development
– Statement of WU Zongmin, the
President of the Company, for the 2022
annual report
        2022 was an extraordinary year. It marked the successful convention of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China which
described the grand scheme of the comprehensive construction of a modern socialist China. After delivering an excellent result for the development
of the first 30 years, China Merchants Securities entered a new stage of development in which we forge ahead and start a new journey. Looking back
on 2022, with the care and support from various sectors of the society, the Company stabilized its results, focused on reforms, enhanced its capacity
and held its bottom line, and successfully resisted challenges from the complex operating environment, and further consolidated the foundation for
future high-quality development:



        During the year, we responded calmly and stabilized the fundamentals of the operating results. Under the impact from various
unexpected factors, we adhered to the principle of seeking progress while maintaining stability. The market ranking of our core businesses remained
relatively stable and the income structure continued to optimize and the proportion of income from risk-neutral strategic and institutional business
further enhanced. The market share of net income from agency securities trading business remained in top three while the market share of the
trading volume of stocks and funds reached another record high. The market share of the margin financing and securities lending and stock
pledge repo businesses both ranked among top five while the custody business maintained its industry leading position. We proactively achieved
new progress in transformation and reform. We deepened our reformed of organization and mechanism, effectively stimulating the vitality
of the organization. We implemented the manager system for clients comprehensively, basically forming the “one-stop” comprehensive service
model. We continued to improve the synergistic mechanism and the result of overall synergy has been achieved gradually. We deepened the
transformation of wealth management and established a “big wealth management services system featuring the characteristic of stock broker”. We
accelerated the development of financial technology and the effect of technology-enabled business became more prominent. Staying true to our
mission, we continuously strengthed our capabilities of serving the real economy. We significantly enhanced the technology and financial
services standard and facilitated the expansion of “specialized and sophisticated” enterprises with growth potential through capital market. We
proactively explored the blue ocean of green finance development and leveraged on the advantages of the “emission peak and carbon neutrality”
comprehensive service platform, thereby strongly supporting the green and low-carbon transition of the real economy. We continuously enhanced
the capabilities of inclusive finance, fully implemented the “Gazelle Incubator Project (羚躍計劃)” and provided full life-cycle, comprehensive and
personalized financial services for SMEs. We strictly observed our bottom line and maintained a sound trend of stable operation in general.
We proactively resolved the risks left over by history and effectively responded to various unexpected risks. We strengthened the establishment of
comprehensive risk management to accurately identify and prevent business risks and strive to realize loss reduction and efficiency enhancement
through risk management. The quality of the Company’s assets remained excellent.



        Looking forward in 2023, the trend of overall recovery of China’s economy will be further consolidated, and the fundamental factors affecting
the operation of the capital market will improve significantly. With the full implementation of the registration-based IPO system, the establishment of
a modern capital market with Chinese characteristics has entered a new course of development and China Merchants Securities has encountered new
development opportunities as well as challenges. 2023 marks the first year of thorough implementation of the spirit of the 20th National Congress
and the conclusion of the Company’s Five-Year Plan from 2019 to 2023. We will seize the opportunity of the expected upturn of the market and
strive to expand our income while maintaining quality control and risk prediction. We will speed up the transformation and upgrade of the three
main client service business for individual, institutional and corporate clients and build competitive strength with special features in aspects of digital
technology, green technology and biotechnology, thereby enhancing the professional service capabilities comprehensively. We will proactively
deepen the reform and continue to optimize the system and mechanism to stimulate new vitality for high-quality development.



       We believe that with strong support and care from shareholders and various sectors of the society, under the solid leadership of the Board
of the Company, China Merchants Securities will be able to enter a new stage of high-quality development, serve economic and social development
with better operating results and write a new chapter of building China’s best investment bank in the new era and new journey!




                                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                        5
Important Notice


     I.   The Board, the Supervisory Committee, Director(s), Supervisor(s) and senior management
of the Company undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete
and contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and assume joint and
several liabilities to the information in this report.
     II.   All Directors of the Company attended the Board meeting.
    III. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
have issued standard unqualified auditor’s reports for the Company.
     IV. HUO Da, officer in charge of the Company, WU Huifeng, officer in charge of accounting
matters of the Company, and WANG Jianping, officer in charge of the accounting office of the
Company (head of accounting department), hereby warrant that the financial statements contained
in this annual report are true, accurate and complete.
     V. Proposal on profit distribution or capitalization of common reserve for the Reporting
Period considered and approved by the Board
      The Company will not allocate profit to the statutory reserve for 2022. Based on the total share capital
registered on the equity registration date for equity distribution, a cash dividend of RMB1.85 (tax inclusive)
for every 10 shares will be distributed to all shareholders; no bonus shares will be distributed; and no capital
reserve will be converted to share capital.
     Based on the total number of shares of the Company of 8,696,526,806 shares as of December 31, 2022,
the total distributed profit is RMB1,608,857,459.11. If the Company’s total share capital changes on the
equity registration date for equity distribution, the Company will keep the total distribution unchanged and
adjust the distribution per share accordingly.
     Such cash dividend shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares in RMB
and to holders of H Shares in Hong Kong dollar. The actual amount of dividend paid in Hong Kong dollar shall
be determined based on the average exchange rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollar published by the People’s
Bank of China for the five business days immediately before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting for
considering the profit distribution plan.
      Upon consideration and approval of the 2022 annual profit distribution plan at the 2022 annual general
meeting of the Company, the Company will distribute the 2022 annual cash dividend before August 30,
2023. The Company will make separate announcement regarding the record date of such H Share dividend
distribution, the period of closure of register of members, the equity registration date for A Share dividend
distribution and the specific payment date.
     VI. Risks statement relating to forward-looking statements
     Forward-looking statements, such as future plans and development strategies, contained in this report
do not constitute any substantive commitments of the Company to investors. Investors should be aware of the
investment risks.
      VII. Whether there is appropriation of the Company’s funds by the controlling shareholder and
its associates for non-operating purposes
     No
     VIII. Whether there is provision of guarantee by the Company in favor of any third party in
violation of the prescribed decision-making procedures
     No




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

6
                                                                                       Important Notice



     IX. Whether there are more than half of the Directors who cannot undertake that the
information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete
     No
     X. This annual report is prepared in both Chinese and English versions. In the event of any
discrepancy between the Chinese and English versions of this annual report, the Chinese version
shall prevail.
     XI. Warning on material risks
     The business, financial position and operating results of the Company may be susceptible to the general
economic and market conditions in China and other regions where the relevant businesses are operated in
various aspects.
      The Company is primarily exposed to the following risks: securities industry is highly regulated and
relevant rules and regulations could be revised from time to time based on the development of the securities
markets. New rules and regulations, and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of the existing rules
and regulations, may directly impact our business strategies and prospects, or could result in limitations on
the business areas that we may conduct, modifications to our business practices or additional costs, which
may adversely affect our ability to compete with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. If we
are unable to fulfill the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirement in a timely manner, we may
be exposed to legal and compliance risks; we are subject to credit risk associated with economic loss caused
by the failure of the borrower or the counterparty to fulfill their contractual obligations; we face market
risk arising from the losses on our portfolio due to adverse changes in relevant markets; we are exposed to
operational risks arising from imperfect or defective internal procedures, employees and systems or external
events; we face liquidity risk that we might not be able to get timely capital injection at reasonable costs to
repay debts that are due, fulfill other payment obligations or satisfy other capital needs for normal business
operation; we are subject to reputational risk arising from the negative publicity against the Company from
stakeholders due to the operation, management or other acts of the Company or external events; and we are
exposed to foreign exchange rate risks due to the operation of international business.
     To cope with the above risks, the Company has adopted preventive measures in respect of the
organizational structure, systems, indicators, risk management culture and IT system. For details, please see
“Potential risks” in “Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors” of this report.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              7
Contents


Chapter 1         Definitions                                        9
Chapter 2         Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators    12
Chapter 3         Report of the Board of Directors                  33
Chapter 4         Corporate Governance Report                       85
Chapter 5         Environment and Social Responsibility            179
Chapter 6         Major Events                                     184
Chapter 7         Changes in Shares and Shareholders               206
Chapter 8         Relevant Information of Bonds                    223
Chapter 9         Financial Report                                 247
Chapter 10        Information Disclosure of a Securities Company   400




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

8
                                                                Chapter 1: Definitions


I.   Definitions

    In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the
meanings set forth below:

                                     Common terms and expressions

      “Civil Code”                   the Civil Code of the PRC (《中華人民共和國民法典》)
      “Company Law”                  the Company Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國公司法》)
      “Securities Law”               the Securities Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國證券法》)
                                     the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
      “Articles of Association”
                                     (as amended from time to time)

      “CSRC”                         China Securities Regulatory Commission (中國證券監督管理委員會)
      “SFC”                          the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong

      “CSRC Shenzhen Office”         the Shenzhen office of the China Securities Regulatory Commission

                                     the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
      “SASAC”
                                     of the State Council (國務院國有資產監督管理委員會)
      “SSE”                          the Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所)
      “SZSE”                         the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (深圳證券交易所)
      “BSE”                          the Beijing Stock Exchange (北京證券交易所)
      “SSE website”                  http://www.sse.com.cn, the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                     China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited (中國
      “CSDC”
                                     證券登記結算有限責任公司)
      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange      http://www.hkexnews.hk, the website of The Stock Exchange of
      website”                       Hong Kong Limited (HKExnews)

      “SOE(s)”                       state-owned enterprise(s) (國有企業)
                                     China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd., a joint stock company
                                     incorporated in August 1993 as a corporate legal person under PRC
      “Company”, “China
                                     laws with limited liability, the H Shares and A Shares of which are
      Merchants Securities”, “us”
                                     listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock
                                     code: 06099) and on the SSE (stock code: 600999), respectively

                                     China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司) and its
      “Group”
                                     controlled subsidiaries

                                     https://www.cmschina.com, the website of China Merchants
      “Company’s website”
                                     Securities Co., Ltd.

                                     the State Administration of Financial Supervision and Administration
      “SAFSA”
                                     (國家金融監督管理總局)
      “CIRC”                         China Insurance Regulatory Commission (中國保險監督管理委員會)


                                                                                        2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         9
Chapter 1: Definitions




                                       Common terms and expressions

       “China Merchants Group”         China Merchants Group Limited (招商局集團有限公司)
       “China Merchants Finance
                                       China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局金融集團有限公司)
       Holdings”

                                       China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局金融控股有
       “CM Financial Holdings”         限公司), formerly known as China Merchants Finance Investment
                                       Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)

                                       China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市招融
       “CM Finance Investment”         投資控股有限公司), currently known as China Merchants Financial
                                       Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局金融控股有限公司)
       “Shanghai Pilot Free Trade      the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone branch of China Merchants
         Zone Branch”                  Securities Co., Ltd.

                                       Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市集盛投
       “Jisheng Investment”
                                       資發展有限公司)
       “China Ocean Shipping”          China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd. (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)
       “China Merchants Bank”          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行股份有限公司)

                                       China Merchants Securities International Company Limited (招商證
       “CMS International”
                                       券國際有限公司)
       “China Merchants Futures”       China Merchants Futures Co., Limited (招商期貨有限公司)
                                       China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (招商致遠資
       “CMS Zhiyuan”
                                       本投資有限公司)

                                       China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (招商證券投資有限
       “CMS Investment”
                                       公司)

                                       China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (招商證券
       “CMS Asset Management”
                                       資產管理有限公司)
       “Bosera Funds”                  Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited (博時基金管理有限公司)
       “China Merchants Fund”          China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (招商基金管理有限公司)
                                       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
       “Hong Kong Listing Rules”
                                       of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time)
                                       the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
       “Model Code”
                                       Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

                                       the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
       “SFO”
                                       Hong Kong)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

10
                                                                      Chapter 1: Definitions




                               Common terms and expressions

                               domestic share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company with
“A Share(s)”                   a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the Shanghai
                               Stock Exchange (stock code: 600999)

                               overseas-listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the
“H Share(s)”                   Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on
                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (stock code: 06099)

“A Shareholder(s)”             holders of A Shares

“H Shareholder(s)”             holders of H Shares

“RMB”, “RMB10,000”, and        Renminbi 1 Yuan, Renminbi 10,000 Yuan and Renminbi 100 million
“RMB100 million”               Yuan

                               the National Equities Exchange and Quotations for medium and
“NEEQ”
                               small-sized enterprises

“STAR Market”                  the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the SSE

“VaR”                          value at risk

“APP”                          application

“IPO”                          initial public offering

“Reporting Period”, “Current
                               from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022
Period”

“Previous Period”              from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021

“Latest Practicable Date”      March 24, 2023

“%”                            per cent.




                                                                                  2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                  11
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators


I.   Corporate Information

       Chinese name of the Company                                       招商證券股份有限公司
       Abbreviation                                                      招商證券
       English name of the Company                                       CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.

       Abbreviation                                                      CMS

       Legal representative of the Company                               HUO Da

       General manager of the Company                                    WU Zongmin

                                                                         WU Zongmin, WU Huifeng, KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne
       Authorized representatives of the Company                         (as the alternate authorized representative to WU
                                                                         Zongmin and WU Huifeng)



     Registered capital and net capital of the Company

                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan       Currency: RMB

                                                                                      As at the end of                       As at the end of
                                                                                 the Reporting Period                               Last Year

       Registered capital                                                             8,696,526,806.00                       8,696,526,806.00

       Net capital                                                                  70,444,812,948.68                       72,735,158,477.64



     Business qualifications of the Company

    China Merchants Securities is a member of the Securities Association of China (Membership code:
185053), SSE (Membership code: 0037), SZSE (Membership code: 000011) and BSE (Membership code:
000095). Qualifications of each of the business lines are as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Date of
       No.                        Qualification                                            Approval authority
                                                                                                                                     approval

                                                                          The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
       1      Qualification of listed securities market making trading                                                            October 2022
                                                                          Department of the CSRC

              Qualification of issuing credit-protected warrants for
       2                                                                  CSDC                                                    June 2021
              providing pledge repo to protected bonds

       3      Pilot optimization for account management function          Securities Association of China                         June 2021

                                                                          The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
       4      Fund investment advisory business                                                                                   June 2021
                                                                          Department of the CSRC

       5      Issuer of credit protection warrants launched in SZSE       SZSE                                                    November 2020

              Standard forward contract on bond of Agricultural
       6                                                                  Shanghai Clearing House                                 October 2020
              Development Bank of China


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

12
                                 Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                                                Date of
No.                        Qualification                                            Approval authority
                                                                                                                               approval

7     Interest option business                                     China Foreign Exchange Trading Center                    March 2020

                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
8     Market maker of stock index options                                                                                   December 2019
                                                                   Department of the CSRC

9     Lead market maker of the CSI 300 ETF options                 SZSE                                                     December 2019
10    Trading authority for access to stock options business       SZSE                                                     December 2019

11    Sale and settlement of foreign exchange business             State Administration of Foreign Exchange                 August 2019

      Participation in margin securities loan business of the
12                                                                 China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.                       July 2019
      STAR Market

                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
13    Market maker of treasury bond futures                                                                                 May 2019
                                                                   Department of the CSRC

14    Credit protection contract business                          SSE                                                      February 2019

15    Lead market maker of listed funds business                   SSE                                                      February 2019

                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
16    Credit derivatives business                                                                                           December 2018
                                                                   Department of the CSRC

17    Market maker of crude oil futures business                   Shanghai International Energy Exchange                   October 2018

18    Market maker of nickel futures                               Shanghai Futures Exchange                                October 2018

19    Market maker of copper options                               Shanghai Futures Exchange                                September 2018

20    Dealer of OTC options business                               Securities Association of China                          August 2018

21    Market maker of Bond Connect “Northbound Trading”            China Foreign Exchange Trading Center                    July 2018

                                                                   The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
22    Conducting pilot cross-border businesses                                                                              April 2018
                                                                   Department of the CSRC

                                                                   National Association of Financial Market Institutional
23    Core dealer of credit risk mitigation instruments                                                                     January 2017
                                                                   Investors

                                                                   National Association of Financial Market Institutional
24    Qualification to issue credit risk mitigation certificates                                                            January 2017
                                                                   Investors

                                                                   National Association of Financial Market Institutional
25    Qualification to issue credit-linked notes                                                                            January 2017
                                                                   Investors

      Non-bank member of the Shanghai Commercial Paper             General Administration Department of the People’s
26                                                                                                                          November 2016
      Exchange                                                     Bank of China

      Trading authority for access to Southbound Trading
27                                                                 SZSE                                                     November 2016
      business under Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect

      Approval for provision of online account opening             The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
28                                                                                                                          April 2015
      service                                                      Department of the CSRC

      Ordinary member for centralized settlement of
29                                                                 Shanghai Clearing House                                  April 2015
      standard forward bond


                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                            13
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                                                       Date of
       No.                         Qualification                                           Approval authority
                                                                                                                                      approval

              Approval for financing through exercising incentive
       30                                                                 SZSE                                                    March 2015
              share options of listed companies

                                                                          The Securities and Fund Institution Supervision
       31     Licence for spot gold proprietary trading business                                                                  March 2015
                                                                          Department of the CSRC

              Licence for providing payment services for customers’       China Securities Investor Protection Fund Corporation
       32                                                                                                                         March 2015
              funds                                                       Limited

       33     Licence for stock options market making business            CSRC                                                    January 2015

              Licence for market making business for SSE 50 ETF
       34                                                                 SSE                                                     January 2015
              options trading

       35     Proprietary trading of stock options                        SSE                                                     January 2015

       36     Licence for options settlement                              CSDC                                                    January 2015

       37     Stock options trading participant on the SSE                SSE                                                     January 2015

       38     Licence for pilot online securities business                Securities Association of China                         November 2014

              Trading authority for access to Southbound Trading
       39                                                                 SSE                                                     October 2014
              business

              Ordinary member of Interbank Market Clearing House
       40     Co., Ltd. for centralized settlement of RMB interest rate   Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd.               June 2014
              swaps

              Qualification of lead manager business (market making
       41                                                                 NEEQ Co., Ltd.                                          June 2014
              business)

       42     Licence for OTC options trading business                    Securities Association of China                         February 2014

              Ordinary member for centralized settlement of interest
       43                                                                 Shanghai Clearing House                                 February 2014
              rate swaps

       44     Licence for securities investment fund custody business     CSRC                                                    January 2014

              Qualification for agency business of securities pledge
       45                                                                 The Registration and Custody Department of CSDC         July 2013
              registration

       46     Authority for stock-pledged repo business                   SSE                                                     June 2013

       47     Authority for stock-pledged repo                            SZSE                                                    June 2013

       48     Participation in interest rate swap transactions            CSRC Shenzhen Office                                    May 2013

                                                                                                                                  April 2013
                                                                                                                                  (latest certificate
       49     Permit for conducting insurance agency businesses           CIRC (currently known as SAFSA)
                                                                                                                                  obtained in April
                                                                                                                                  2020)

              Qualification of lead manager business
       50                                                                 NEEQ Co., Ltd.                                          March 2013
              (recommendation and brokerage businesses)



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

14
                               Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                                                Date of
No.                        Qualification                                          Approval authority
                                                                                                                               approval

51    Licence for OTC trading business                           Securities Association of China                          February 2013

                                                                 The Institution Supervision Department (currently
52    Licence for equity total return swap business              known as the Securities and Fund Institution             January 2013
                                                                 Supervision Department) of the CSRC

      Licence for special institutional client business of
53                                                               CIRC (currently known as SAFSA)                          January 2013
      insurance companies

54    Qualification for sale of financial products               CSRC Shenzhen Office                                     December 2012

      Qualification of lead underwriting debt financing          National Association of Financial Market Institutional
55                                                                                                                        November 2012
      instruments of non-financial enterprises                   Investors

                                                                 The Institution Supervision Department (currently
      Qualification to provide comprehensive custodian
56                                                               known as the Securities and Fund Institution             October 2012
      services for private investment funds
                                                                 Supervision Department) of the CSRC

57    Licence for margin and securities refinancing              China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.                       August 2012

      Qualification of underwriting private placement bonds
58                                                               Securities Association of China                          June 2012
      of small and medium enterprises

59    Licence for stock repurchase business                      CSRC                                                     May 2012

                                                                 The Institution Supervision Department (currently
      Qualification for dealer-quoted bond pledged repo
60                                                               known as the Securities and Fund Institution             January 2012
      transactions
                                                                 Supervision Department) of the CSRC

      Qualification for third-party custodian services for one
61                                                               CSRC Shenzhen Office                                     June 2011
      customer – multiple bank services

62    Ordinary member for settlement                             Shanghai Clearing House                                  November 2010

      Qualification for margin financing and securities
63                                                               CSRC                                                     June 2010
      lending business

64    Licence for direct investment business                     CSRC                                                     August 2009

      Qualification for intermediary introduction business for
65                                                               CSRC                                                     February 2008
      China Merchants Futures

66    Category A clearing participant of CSDC                    CSDC                                                     February 2008

      Licence for overseas securities investment management
67                                                               CSRC                                                     August 2007
      business

      Primary dealer on the integrated e-platform for fixed-
68                                                               SSE                                                      July 2007
      income securities of the SSE

                                                                                                                          December 2006
      Permit for foreign exchange operation in the securities                                                             (latest certificate
69                                                               State Administration of Foreign Exchange
      business                                                                                                            obtained in
                                                                                                                          November 2012)



                                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                15
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                                                       Date of
       No.                         Qualification                                           Approval authority
                                                                                                                                      approval

       70     Clearing participant of CSDC                                CSDC                                                     March 2006

       71     Primary dealer of SSE 180 Index Exchange Traded Fund        SSE                                                      March 2006

       72     Qualification for quote transfer business                   Securities Association of China                          January 2006

       73     Licence for underwriting business of commercial paper       The People’s Bank of China                               July 2005

       74     Qualification for operation of foreign shares business      CSRC                                                     September 2002

              Qualification for open-end securities investment fund
       75                                                                 CSRC                                                     August 2002
              consignment business

              Qualification for trusted investment management
       76                                                                 CSRC                                                     May 2002
              business

       77     Qualification for online securities agency business         CSRC                                                     February 2001

                                                                          General Administration Department of the People’s
       78     Qualified member of interbank market                                                                                 September 1999
                                                                          Bank of China

              Qualification for RMB special stocks business
       79                                                                 Shanghai Securities Management Office                    November 1996
              (unrestricted) in Shanghai

                                                                          Shenzhen Office of the State Administration of Foreign
       80     Licence for starting foreign exchange business                                                                       October 1996
                                                                          Exchange

              Pilot unit of equity trading agency system for non-listed   Property Right Transfer Leading Group Office of the
       81                                                                                                                          January 1996
              companies                                                   Shenzhen Municipal Government

       82     Licence for starting proprietary business                   Shenzhen Securities Management Office                    August 1993

   Qualifications of each of the business lines of CMS International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, are as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Date of
       No.                     Qualification                                          Approval authority
                                                                                                                                    approval

       1      Licence for dealing in futures contracts                    SFC                                                      June 2014

              Licence for advising on futures
       2                                                                  SFC                                                      June 2014
              contracts

       3      Licence for asset management                                SFC                                                      March 2010

                                                                                                                                   February
       4      Licence for dealing in securities                           SFC
                                                                                                                                   2009

                                                                                                                                   February
       5      Licence for advising on securities                          SFC
                                                                                                                                   2009

              Licence for advising on corporate                                                                                    February
       6                                                                  SFC
              finance                                                                                                              2009




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

16
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



   Qualifications of each of the business lines of China Merchants Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, are as follows:

                                                                                                Date of
                         Qualification                        Approval authority
      No.                                                                                      approval

             Member of Guangzhou Futures
      1                                               Guangzhou Futures Exchange              June 2022
             Exchange

      2      Market making business                   China Futures Association               March 2018

             Member of Shanghai International         Shanghai International Energy
      3                                                                                       May 2017
             Energy Exchange                          Exchange

      4      Licence for basis trading                China Futures Association               April 2017

      5      Licence for OTC derivatives business     China Futures Association               April 2017

                                                                                              December
      6      Licence for warehouse receipt services   China Futures Association
                                                                                              2016

             Filing for entry of the interbank bond
      7                                               The People’s Bank of China              July 2016
             market

                                                                                              August
                                                                                              2014 (latest
             Licence for commodities futures
                                                                                              certificate
      8      brokerage, financial futures brokerage   CSRC
                                                                                              obtained in
             and futures investment consulting
                                                                                              September
                                                                                              2021)

      9      Licence for asset management             CSRC                                    March 2013

             Licence for futures investment                                                   August
      10                                              CSRC
             consulting                                                                       2011

             Member of Zhengzhou Commodity
      11                                              Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange            March 2009
             Exchange

             Member of Dalian Commodity                                                       December
      12                                              Dalian Commodity Exchange
             Exchange                                                                         2008

             Member of Shanghai Futures                                                       October
      13                                              Shanghai Futures Exchange
             Exchange                                                                         2008

             Clearing and settlement member of        China Financial Futures Exchange Co.,   December
      14
             China Financial Futures Exchange         Ltd.                                    2007

             Licence for financial futures trading                                            November
      15                                              CSRC
             settlement                                                                       2007




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           17
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      Qualification of each of the business lines of CMS Zhiyuan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
is as follow:

                                                                                                           Date of
       No.                 Qualification                            Approval authority                    approval

              Private investment fund subsidiary of
       1                                                   Securities Association of China               April 2017
              a securities firm

   Qualifications of each of the business lines of CMS Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, are as follows:

                                                                                                           Date of
       No.                 Qualification                            Approval authority
                                                                                                          approval

                                                           Shenzhen Joint Meeting Office of the
                                                           Pilot Scheme for Overseas Investment
              Pilot scheme for overseas investment                                                       November
       1                                                   of Qualified Domestic Investors (深圳
              of qualified domestic investors                                                            2015
                                                           市合格境內投資者境外投資試點工作
                                                           聯席會議辦公室)
              Qualification for securities asset
                                                                                                         January
       2      management business and qualified            CSRC
                                                                                                         2015
              domestic institutional investors



II.   Contact Persons and Contact Methods

                                       Secretary to the Board               Representative of Securities Affairs

       Name               WU Huifeng                                      LUO Li

       Correspondence     No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian   No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
       address            District, Shenzhen, the PRC                     District, Shenzhen, the PRC
       Telephone          0755-82943666                                   0755-82960432

       Fax                0755-82944669                                   0755-82944669

       E-mail address     IR@cmschina.com.cn                              luoli@cmschina.com.cn

                                                          Joint Company Secretaries

       Name               WU Huifeng                                      KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne

       Correspondence     No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian   40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
       address            District, Shenzhen, the PRC                     Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

18
                           Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



III. Basic Information

                                                         No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
    Registered address of the Company
                                                         District, Shenzhen, the PRC

                                                         In August 1991, the registered address of the
                                                         Company was 1/F, New Energy Building, Nanyou
                                                         Industrial Zone, Shenzhen. In October 1993, it
                                                         was changed to 1/F, Block C, Shenfang Industrial
                                                         Building, Huaqiang North Road, Futian District,
    Historical change of the registered address of the   Shenzhen. In August 1998, it was changed to
    Company                                              8/F-11/F, Block A, Huaqiang Jiahe Building,
                                                         Shenzhen. In May 2002, it was changed to 38/
                                                         F-45/F, Block A, Jiangsu Building, Futian District,
                                                         Shenzhen. In November 2018, it was changed
                                                         to No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
                                                         District, Shenzhen.

                                                         No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
    Office address of the Company
                                                         District, Shenzhen, the PRC

    Postal code                                          518046

                                                         48/F, One Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place,
    Principal place of business in Hong Kong
                                                         Central, Hong Kong

    Company’s website                                    https://www.cmschina.com

    E-mail address                                       IR@cmschina.com.cn



IV. Information Disclosure and Place of Document Inspection

    The name and website of the media where the          China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities
    Company discloses its annual report                  News, Securities Times, Securities Daily

                                                         http://www.sse.com.cn (the SSE website),
    The websites where the Company discloses its
    annual report                                        https://www.hkexnews.hk (the Hong Kong Stock
                                                         Exchange website)

    Place of inspection for the Company’s annual         No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian
    report                                               District, Shenzhen, the PRC




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          19
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



V. Information on the Company’s Shares

                                       Information on the Company’s Shares

                           Exchange at which          Stock                                 Previous stock
            Class         the shares are listed    abbreviation         Stock code           abbreviation

                          Shanghai Stock
       A Shares                                   CMS               600999              –
                          Exchange

                          Hong Kong Stock
       H Shares                                   CMS               06099               –
                          Exchange



VI. Other Information

(I)   History of the Company, mainly including the reform and reorganization, capital increase and
      share capital enlargement in previous years

      The predecessor of the Company is the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank. On August
3, 1991, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China (Shenzhen branch) pursuant to the Notice on the
Approval for Trial Operation of the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank ([1991] Shen Ren Yin
Fa Zi No. 140) (《 關於同意招商銀行證券業務部試營業的通知》                      （ [1991]深人銀發字第140號）), the Securities
Department of China Merchants Bank was incorporated upon registration with the Shenzhen Administration
for Industry and Commerce.
     On August 1, 1993, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China (Shenzhen branch) pursuant to
the Approval for the Granting of Level 2 Legal Person Qualification to All Securities Business Department in
Shenzhen (Shen Ren Yin Fu Zi [1993] No. 394) (《關於同意賦予各深圳證券業務部二級法人資格的批覆》                              （深人
銀覆字[1993]第394號）), the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank was permitted by the Shenzhen
Administration for Industry and Commerce to be incorporated as a legal person and became a level 2 legal
person under China Merchants Bank with a registered capital of RMB25 million.
     On August 26, 1994, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China pursuant to the Approval for
the Incorporation of CMB Securities Company (Yin Fu [1994] No. 161) (《關於成立招銀證券公司的批覆》               （銀
覆[1994]161號）) and the permission by the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, China
Merchants Bank, building on its Securities Department, established Shenzhen CMB Securities Company with
a registered capital of RMB150 million. On September 28, 1994, the Shenzhen Administration for Industry
and Commerce permitted Shenzhen CMB Securities Company (深圳招銀證券公司) to change its name to CMB
Securities Company (招銀證券公司).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

20
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      On November 6, 1998, with the approval of The People’s Bank of China pursuant to the Approval for the
Reformed Structure and Capital Increase of CMB Securities Company (Yin Fu [1997] No. 529) (《關於招銀證券
公司增資改制的批覆》          （銀覆[1997]529號）) and the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Reformed Structure
and Capital Increase and Change of Name of CMB Securities Company (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [1998] No. 27) (《關
於同意招銀證券公司增資改制、更名的批覆》                       （證監機構字[1998]27號）) and the permission of the Shenzhen
Administration for Industry and Commerce, CMB Securities Company introduced 11 new shareholders for
the purpose of capital increase and structural reform, and changed its name to Guotong Securities Limited
Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司). Its registered capital increased from RMB150 million to RMB800
million. China Merchants Bank contributed to the capital by means of the net assets of CMB Securities
Company while the 11 new shareholders contributed to the capital by means of cash.
      On August 31, 2000, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Capital Increase of
Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [2000] No. 15) (《關於核准國通證券有限責任公
司增資擴股的批覆》            （證監機構字[2000]15號）) and the permission of the Shenzhen Administration for Industry
and Commerce, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company increased its capital. With a total of RMB1.4
billion capital injection made by 12 shareholders including China Merchants Bank, the registered capital of the
Company increased to RMB2.2 billion.
     From 2000 to 2001, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company underwent various equity transfers,
and the number of its shareholders increased from 12 to 40.
     On December 26, 2001, with the approval of the Ministry of Finance of the PRC pursuant to the
Approval for the Relevant Issues on State-owned Shares Management by Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (Cai
Qi [2001] No. 723) (《關於國通證券股份有限公司（籌）國有股權管理有關問題的批覆》                                  （財企[2001]723號）), the
CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Change of Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company to a Joint
Stock Limited Company (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [2001] No. 285) (《關於同意國通證券有限責任公司改制為股份有限
公司的批覆》       （證監機構字[2001]285號）), the Municipal Government of Shenzhen pursuant to the Approval
for Shareholding Structure Reform To Establish Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (Shen Fu Gu [2001] No. 49) (《關
於整體改組設立國通證券股份有限公司的批覆》                           （ 深府股[2001]49號）), and the Shenzhen Administration for
Industry and Commerce, Guotong Securities Limited Liability Company reformed its company structure and
changed its name to Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司). The 40 shareholders of Guotong
Securities Limited Liability Company, as the promoters, converted the audited net assets of Guotong Securities
Limited Liability Company as at December 31, 2000 on a 1:1 basis into the capital of the joint stock company
comprising a total of 2,400,280,638 shares, forming a registered capital of RMB2,400,280,638. The domicile
was at 8/F-11/F, Block East, Huaqiang Jiahe Building, No. 34 Shennan Central Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
the PRC.
     On June 28, 2002, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Reply on the Filing of Guotong
Securities Co., Ltd. for the Changes of Name and Business Address (Ji Gou Bu Bu Han [2002] No. 120) (《關
於國通證券股份有限公司更名、遷址有關材料備案的回函》                                   （ 機構部部函[2002]120號）) and the Shenzhen
Administration for Industry and Commerce, Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. changed its name to China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司) and the domicile was changed to 38/F-45/F, Block A,
Jiangsu Building, Yitian Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           21
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      In 2006, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Reduction of Shares and Capital
Increase of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (CSRC Ji Gou Zi [2006] No. 179) (《關於招商證券股份有限
公司縮股並增資擴股的批覆》               （ 證監機構字[2006]179號）) and the Shenzhen Administration for Industry and
Commerce, the Company conducted share reduction and capital increase. Based on the audited net assets
as at December 31, 2005, the total share capital was reduced from 2,400,280,638 shares to 1,726,915,266
shares. Following the reduction, seven shareholders subscribed the newly issued 1.5 billion shares, which
increased the share capital and the registered capital of the Company to 3,226,915,266 shares and
RMB3,226,915,266, respectively.
      On November 17, 2009, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Initial Public
Offering of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2009] No. 1132) (《關於核准招商證券
股份有限公司首次公開發行股票的批覆》                      （ 證監許可[2009]1132號）) and the SSE pursuant to the Notice on
the Listing and Trading of RMB Ordinary Shares of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Fa Zi
[2009] No. 18) (《關於招商證券股份有限公司人民幣普通股股票上市交易的通知》                                 （上證發字[2009]18號）), the
Company launched its initial public offering of 358,546,141 A Shares on the SSE, among which 286,837,000
shares and 71,709,141 shares were subscribed and settled online and offline, respectively. With an offer
price of RMB31 per share, the Company raised a total of RMB11.115 billion and received net proceeds of
RMB10.883 billion after deducting offering expenses of RMB232 million. Following the completion of the
offering, the total share capital of the Company increased from 3,226,915,266 shares to 3,585,461,407
shares.
     In July 2011, the Company converted its capital reserve into shares on the basis of three shares for
every ten shares, through which the total share capital of the Company increased by 1,075,638,422 shares to
4,661,099,829 shares from 3,585,461,407 shares.
     In May 2014, with the approval of the CSRC pursuant to the Approval for the Private Placement of
Shares of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2014] No. 455) (《關於核准招商證券股
份有限公司非公開發行股票的批覆》                （證監許可[2014]455號）), the Company issued 1,147,035,700 shares (A
Shares) at RMB9.72 each by way of private placement, raising a total of RMB11,149,187,004.00 and receiving
net proceeds of RMB11,101,736,135.93 after deducting the offering expenses of RMB47,450,868.07. The
new shares were registered and deposited with the Shanghai office of the CSDC on May 27, 2014. On
October 15, 2014, the Company completed the registration for the increase of the registered capital to
RMB5,808,135,529.
      On October 7, 2016, the Company completed the public issuance of overseas-listed foreign shares (H
Shares) at an offer price of HK$12.00 per share, raising total proceeds of HK$10,695,285,600.00. After
deducting the offering expenses, the net proceeds amounted to RMB8,947,439,178.14. On the same day,
with the approval of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company issued 891,273,800 overseas-listed
foreign shares (H Shares) for the listing and trading on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Following the offering, the total share capital of the Company increased from 5,808,135,529 shares to
6,699,422,311 shares. Due to a change in the shareholding by Liaoneng Holdings, an original state-owned
shareholder of the Company, the deregistration for 12,982 A Shares which should have been transferred by
it has not yet completed.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

22
                              Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



      On March 27, 2017, the deregistration for 12,982 A Shares held by Liaoneng Holdings, an original state-
 owned shareholder of the Company, was completed. The total share capital of the Company was changed
 to 6,699,409,329 shares. For details, please see the Announcement on the Replenishment of State-owned
 Shares for Fulfillment of Transfer Obligation by Liaoneng Holdings, an Original State-owned Shareholder
(《關於原國有股東遼寧遼能實業有限公司補充履行國有股轉持義務的公告》) of the Company dated March 27,
 2017 published on the SSE website. On May 17, 2017, the Company completed the increase of its registered
 capital to RMB6,699,409,329.
    In November and December 2018, the registered address and office address of the Company were
changed to “No.111, Fuhua Yi Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC (中國深圳市福田區福田
街道福華一路111號)”.
      As approved by the CSRC under Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 723 (證監許可[2020]723號) and [2019]
No. 1946 (證監許可[2019]1946號), the Company successfully completed the A Share and H Share rights issue
in July and August 2020, respectively. In the rights issue, 1,702,997,123 RMB ordinary shares have been
issued to the existing A Shareholders and 294,120,354 H Shares have been issued to the qualified existing H
Shareholders. Upon the issuance, the total share capital of the Company increased from 6,699,409,329 shares
to 8,696,526,806 shares. The A Shares and H Shares of the Company issued under the rights issue have been
listed and traded on the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 31, 2020 and August 20, 2020,
respectively. The total proceeds raised from the A Share rights issue and the H Share rights issue amounted to
RMB12.704 billion and HK$2.407 billion, respectively. The net proceeds from the rights issue after deducting
issuance related expenses amounted to RMB12.683 billion and HK$2.349 billion, respectively. In December
2020, upon completion of registration for the change of registered capital, the Company’s registered capital
increased from RMB6,699,409,329 to RMB8,696,526,806.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          23
   Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Audit Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Legal and Compliance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Guangdong Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Exchange Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Bosera Funds                Risk Management Center


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              China Merchants Fund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Commission for Discipline Inspection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Office/Supervision Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Associated Companies

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Party Committee Office/Party




                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk Management Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Committee Publicity Department


                                                                                                                                                                                       Strategy and


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Nomination Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 CMS Investment




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CMS Zhiyuan               Technological Innovation Office


                                                                                                                                                                                 Sustainability Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Appraisal Committee                            China Merchants Futures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      General Office




                                     As at the Latest Practicable Date, our corporate organizational structure was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CMS Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Capital Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                CMS International                    Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Wholly-owned Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Finance Department




                                                                                                                                 Shareholders’ meeting
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Human Resources Department/Party
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Committee Organization Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Shanghai Pilot Free Trade
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Zone Branch                   Strategic Development
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Department




                                                                                                                                                         Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Guangdong Branch

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 International Business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Hubei Branch                       Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Shandong Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Xibei Branch                          Center




Corporate organizational structure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Anhui Branch                Operation Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Center
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Jiangsu Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Research and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Qingdao Branch                   Development Center


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Guangxi Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Custody Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Shanghai Branch

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Beijing Branch                 Financial Market Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Shenzhen Branch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Wealth Management and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               259 securities branches       Institutional Business Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Investment Banking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Branches
(II)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Committee




   China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

   24
                                     Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



    As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has 5 first-level wholly-owned subsidiaries, the details of
which are as follows:

                                                                                                        Registered
                Company                                                                   Date of                  Person-in-
       No.                                           Address                                               capital                 Contact number
                 name                                                                  incorporation                charge
                                                                                                       (RMB10,000)

             China
             Merchants
             Securities                                                                                             ZHAO Bin
      1                         48/F, One Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong          July 14, 1999         N/A                  0755-82943666
             International                                                                                          (趙斌)
             Company
             Limited

             China
                                16/F and Room 1703, 17/F, China Merchants
             Merchants                                                                 January 4,                   LIU Rui
      2                         Securities Building, No. 111, Fuhua Yi Road, Fuan                         359,800                 0755-82943666
             Futures                                                                   1993                         (劉銳)
                                Community, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
             Co., Ltd.

             China
             Merchants
                                Unit 1501, 15/F, Building 3, Courtyard No. 1, Yuetan   August 28,                   LIU Rui
      3      Zhiyuan Capital                                                                              210,000                 0755-82943666
                                South Street, Xicheng District, Beijing                2009                         (劉銳)
             Investment
             Co., Ltd.

             China
                                Room 201, Block A, No. 1 Qianwan 1st Road, Qianhai
             Merchants                                                                                              LING
                                Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen          December 2,
      4      Securities                                                                                 1,010,000   Jianghong     0755-82943666
                                (settled in Shenzhen Qianhai Business Secretary        2013
             Investment                                                                                             (淩江紅)
                                Company Limited)
             Co., Ltd.

             China
                                Room 2902, Phase II, Qianhai Shimao Financial
             Merchants                                                                                              YANG
                                Center (Room 2-8, 29/F, Qianhai Shimao Building),
      5      Securities Asset                                                          April 3, 2015      100,000   Yang          0755-82943666
                                3040 Xinghai Avenue, Nanshan Street, Qianhai
             Management                                                                                             (楊陽)
                                Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen
             Co., Ltd.



(III) Number and distribution of securities branches of the Company

     As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Company operated 259 securities branches. The distribution of
those operating securities branches is as follow:

                                                                                                                                  Number of
      Regional distribution                                                                                                        branches

      Beijing and Tianjin region                                                                                                             33

      Yangtze River Delta: Shanghai, Jiangsu and Zhejiang                                                                                    50

      Guangdong Pearl River Delta                                                                                                            58

      Other cities                                                                                                                          118

                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                               25
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(IV) Number and distribution of other branches

     As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Company had 12 branches, the basic information of which is as
follows:

                                                      Date of                                             Person-in-
       No.         Name of the branch                                       Place of business                             Contact number
                                                   incorporation                                           charge
                                                                     Suite 16F2, 16G & 16H, Times
              Shenzhen Branch of China
                                                                     Fortune Building, South Eastern     GAO Xiang
       1      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招   February 1, 2010                                                      0755-82922188
                                                                     Part, Central Area, Futian          (高翔)
              商證券股份有限公司深圳分公司)
                                                                     District, Shenzhen
              Shanghai Branch of China                               Room 3008, Orient Building, No.
                                                  February 12,                                           SHEN Yun
       2      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招                      1500 Century Avenue, China                         021-68407177
                                                  2010                                                   (沈雲)
              商證券股份有限公司上海分公司)                                        (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
              Beijing Branch of China                                Room 1901, 19/F, Building 3,        FAN
                                                  February 26,
       3      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招                      Courtyard No. 1, Yuetan South       Wenmeng        010-65666012
                                                  2010
              商證券股份有限公司北京分公司)                                        Street, Xicheng District, Beijing   (范文孟)
              Guangxi Branch of China                                3/F, Shidailidu Mansion, No.38-
       4      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招   May 25, 2011       1 Jinhu Road, Xinxiu District,      HU Yi (胡毅)     0771- 5596333
              商證券股份有限公司廣西分公司)                                        Nanning, Guangxi
              Qingdao Branch of China                                Level 2, 100 Duplex, No.17-
                                                  September 1,                                           PENG Xiuling
       5      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招                      21 Xian Xia Ling Road, Laoshan                     0532-66889555
                                                  2011                                                   (彭秀玲)
              商證券股份有限公司青島分公司)                                        District, Qingdao, Shandong
              Jiangsu Branch of China                                7/F, Nanjing China Merchants
                                                  December 28,                                           GUO Xiaoli
       6      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招                      Bank Tower, No. 199 Lushan                         025-52868380
                                                  2012                                                   (郭曉莉)
              商證券股份有限公司江蘇分公司)                                        Road, Jianye District, Nanjing
                                                                     Suite 1-501 to 1-511, Hui Feng
              Anhui Branch of China Merchants
                                                                     Plaza, No. 118 Sui Xi Road,         ZHANG Bing
       7      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份        January 4, 2013                                                       0551-65697178
                                                                     Luyang District, Hefei, Anhui       (張兵)
              有限公司安徽分公司)
                                                                     Province
              Shandong Branch of China                               2001-1, 17/F, Zhongrun Century
                                                                                                         LI Hongying
       8      Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招   January 9, 2013    Plaza, No. 13777 Jingshi Road,                     0531-67885777
                                                                                                         (李紅英)
              商證券股份有限公司山東分公司)                                        Lixia District, Jinan
                                                                     Semiconductor Industrial Park,
              Xibei Branch of China Merchants
                                                                     No. 125 Jin Ye Road, Hi-Tech        WANG Feng
       9      Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股         February 5, 2013                                                      029-38013258
                                                                     Industries Development Zone,        (王鋒)
              份有限公司西北分公司)
                                                                     Xi’an, Shaanxi Province
              Guangdong Branch of China
                                                                     Room 1101B, No. 5 Huasui Road,      YU Jinbiao
       10     Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招   May 16, 2013                                                          020-38394801
                                                                     Tianhe District, Guangzhou          (余錦標)
              商證券股份有限公司廣東分公司)
              Hubei Branch of China Merchants
                                                                     No. 236 Zhong Bei Road,             ZHANG Yin
       11     Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份        January 4, 2013                                                       027-86770878
                                                                     Wuchang District                    (張銀)
              有限公司湖北分公司)
              Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                     Room 603, 6/F, 68 Bohang Road,
              Branch of China Merchants                                                                  LI Pengcheng
       12                                         January 3, 2017    China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade                  021-58835206
              Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份                                                               (李鵬程)
                                                                     Zone
              有限公司上海自貿試驗區分公司)


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

26
                           Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VII. Other Relevant Information

                                                   Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                                  Name
                                                   Accountants LLP

                                                   30/F, Bund Center, 222 Yan An Road East,
    Domestic accounting firm      Office address
                                                   Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC
    appointed by the Company
                                  Names of
                                  the signing      HONG Ruiming (洪銳明), ZHOU Hanlin (周瀚林)
                                  accountants

                                  Name             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

                                                   35th Floor, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong
    International accounting      Office address
                                                   Kong
    firm appointed by the
    Company                       Name of
                                  the signing      WOO King Wa (胡景華)
                                  accountant

                                                   Beijing Jingtian Gongcheng Law Firm, Shenzhen
                                  Name
                                                   Office
    Domestic legal adviser
    appointed by the Company                       Unit 05-06, 16/F, China Resources Tower, No.
                                  Office address   2666 Keyuan South Road, Yuehai Street, Nanshan
                                                   District, Shenzhen, the PRC

                                  Name             Tian Yuan Law Firm LLP
    International legal adviser
    appointed by the Company                       Suites 3304-3309, 33/F, Jardine House, One
                                  Office address
                                                   Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong

                                                   Shanghai Branch of China Securities Depository
                                  Name
                                                   and Clearing Corporation Limited
    A Share Registrar
                                                   188 Yanggao South Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot
                                  Office address
                                                   Free Trade Zone

                                                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
                                  Name
                                                   Limited
    H Share Registrar
                                                   17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
                                  Office address
                                                   East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                    27
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



VIII. Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators in the Past Three Years

(I)   Key accounting data

                                                                   Unit: Thousand Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                         Year-on-year
                                                                             increase/
       Key accounting data                         2022          2021    decrease (%)            2020

       Total revenue, other income and
                                              29,335,800    40,342,422          -27.28     32,469,316
       gains

       Profit for the year attributable to
                                               8,072,319    11,645,065          -30.68      9,491,639
       shareholders of the Company

       Profit for the year attributable to
       shareholders of the Company after
                                               8,180,934    11,586,851          -29.39      9,487,684
       deduction of non-recurring profit
       or loss

       Net cash from operating activities     55,303,455   -54,318,605               –    -33,343,495

       Other comprehensive income
                                                 76,138       -276,368               –       -575,883
       (expense) for the year (net of tax)

                                                   As at         As at    Year-on-year          As at
                                              the end of    the end of        increase/    the end of
       Key accounting data                         2022          2021     decrease (%)          2020

       Total assets                          611,661,882   597,221,128            2.42    499,726,679

       Total liabilities                     496,420,316   484,630,677            2.43    393,901,966

       Equity attributable to shareholders
                                             115,159,078   112,503,030            2.36    105,736,805
       of the Company

       Total owners’ equity                  115,241,566   112,590,451            2.35    105,824,713




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

28
                                   Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(II)   Key financial indicators


                                                                             Year-on-
                                                                       year increase/
        Key financial indicator                     2022        2021    decrease (%)            2020

        Basic earnings per share
                                                    0.86        1.25          -31.20            1.06
        (RMB per share)

        Diluted earnings per share
                                                    0.86        1.25          -31.20            1.06
        (RMB per share)

        Basic earnings per share after
        deduction of non-recurring profit or        0.87        1.24          -29.84            1.06
        loss (RMB per share)

                                                                        Decreased by
        Weighted average return on net assets
                                                    7.54       11.52 3.98 percentage           10.85
        (%)
                                                                               points

        Weighted average return on net assets                           Decreased by
        after deduction of non-recurring profit     7.65       11.46 3.81 percentage           10.84
        or loss (%)                                                            points




                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                  29
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(III) Net capital and risk control indicators of the parent company

     During the Reporting Period, the net capital and all risk control indicators of the Company complied with
the requirements of the CSRC. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the key risk control indicators, such as
net capital of the Company, were as follows:
                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB

                                                                 As at the end of          As at the end of
                               Item                         the Reporting Period                  Last Year

       Net capital                                             70,444,812,948.68          72,735,158,477.64

       Net assets                                            104,624,880,414.15          103,607,681,425.67

       Sum of risk capital provisions                          26,588,380,475.21          27,379,486,801.43

       Total assets on- and off-balance sheet                365,779,258,909.46          344,980,694,933.99

       Risk coverage ratio (%)                                            264.95                      265.66

       Capital leverage ratio (%)                                          13.39                       15.24

       Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                       210.95                      294.70

       Net stable funding ratio (%)                                       151.73                      139.36

       Net capital/net assets (%)                                          67.33                       70.20

       Net capital/liabilities (%)                                         19.55                       20.10

       Net assets/liabilities (%)                                          29.04                       28.63

       Value of proprietary equity securities and
                                                                           28.11                       22.15
       security derivatives/net capital (%)

       Value of proprietary non-equity securities and its
                                                                          361.22                      318.59
       derivatives/net capital (%)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

30
                                 Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



(IV) Key financial data for the past five years

1.   Earnings

                                                                            Unit: Million Yuan    Currency: RMB

      Item                                  2022           2021           2020           2019            2018

      Total revenue, other
                                          29,336         40,342         32,469         25,659          18,070
      income and gains

      Total expenses                      22,466         28,239         22,203         17,767          13,540

      Profit before income tax              8,532        13,704         11,309           8,774           5,447

      Profit for the year
      attributable to
                                            8,072        11,645           9,492          7,282           4,425
      shareholders of the
      Company



2.   Assets

                                                                            Unit: Million Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                      December 31,   December 31,   December 31,   December 31,    December 31,
      Item                                   2022           2021           2020           2019            2018

      Total assets                         611,662        597,221        499,727        381,772         304,931

      Total liabilities                    496,420        484,631        393,902        296,644         224,138

      Accounts payable to brokerage
                                           106,378         99,605         85,441         61,724          48,912
      clients

      Equity attributable to
                                           115,159        112,503        105,737         85,048          80,723
      shareholders of the Company

      Share capital                          8,697          8,697          8,697          6,699           6,699




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             31
Chapter 2: Corporate Profile and Key Financial Indicators



3.   Key financial indicators


       Item                               2022            2021            2020            2019           2018

       Basic earnings per share
                                           0.86            1.25           1.06            0.82            0.46
       (RMB per share)

       Diluted earnings per
                                           0.86            1.25           1.06            0.82            0.46
       share (RMB per share)

       Weighted average return
                                           7.54          11.52           10.85            9.51            5.58
       on net assets (%)

       Gearing ratio (%)                 77.19           77.37           74.46           73.40           68.44

     Note 1: Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – Accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(Total assets – Accounts
             payable to brokerage clients)

     Note 2: In July and August 2020, the Company completed the A Share and H Share rights issue respectively.
             Pursuant to Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 – Earnings per Share and the
             Application Guidance for Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 34 – Earnings per Share,
             in consideration of the bonus shares involved in the rights issue, the weighted average number of
             ordinary shares outstanding for each period (including prior years) presented in the above table has
             been adjusted when calculating the earnings per share. The basic earnings per share prior to the
             adjustment for 2018 and 2019 was RMB0.54 and RMB0.97 per share, respectively, and the diluted
             earnings per share prior to the adjustment for 2018 and 2019 was RMB0.54 and RMB0.97 per share,
             respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

32
                            Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors


I.     Discussion and Analysis of Operations

(I)    General operations

     2022 was a momentous and exciting year. The 20th National Congress of the Chinese Communist
Party (CCP) was successfully held, devising a grand blueprint for building a modern socialist country in all
respects. 2022 was also a year of rapid progress and fruitful harvest. Along with stable economic operation,
steady improvement in development quality and stability in general social situation, China’s development has
accomplished new achievements amid strenuous challenges.
     In 2022, facing the expedition of changes unseen in a century, along with the Russo-Ukrainian conflict
as well as inflation and global interest rate hikes, China’s economy encountered “three pressures” – shrinking
demand, disrupted supply and weakening expectations. The capital market saw heightened volatility due
to multiple internal and external factors. Amid the fluctuations and downturn in the stock market and the
frequent exposure to risks of the bond market, the operating performance of the industry declined as a whole.
      In the face of market changes and risk challenges, the Company insisted on seeking progress while
maintaining stability, and actively responded to the impact of multiple unexpected factors. The Company
pursued sound operation, reform implementation and capability improvement in a timely, prudent and
steady manner, thereby accomplishing new achievements in terms of high-quality development. In 2022, the
Company’s total revenue, other income and gains amounted to RMB29.336 billion; net profit attributable
to shareholders of the parent company amounted to RMB8.072 billion; and weighted average return on
net assets was 7.54%. The market ranking of its core businesses generally remained stable. The Company
achieved remarkable results in business transformation and income structure optimization, and the
proportion of income from market-neutral strategic investment and institutional business increased. The
Company intensified reform, steadily promoted client-oriented transformation and reform, undertook and
successfully concluded the three-year action of SOE reform, and solidly facilitated the “Open Competition”
(揭榜掛帥) mechanism. Breakthroughs have been made in the reforms in key areas, such as the mechanism
establishment of “staff can get in and out; cadre can go up and down; salary can be high and low” (六能
機制), the implementation of the client manager system as well as the integration and coordination of the
tripartite system of “investment, research and investment banking” (三投). The Company strived to improve
its professional capabilities by profoundly promoting the establishment of three major capabilities – wealth
management, financial technology and risk management, thereby further enhancing its core competitiveness.
Meanwhile, the Company reinforced the foundation for safe operation, actively resolved the risks that have
not been mitigated in order to effectively address various unexpected risks, and continued to be included
in the “White list” (白名單) of the CSRC, thereby maintaining a sound development momentum for stable
operations.


(II)   Analysis of principal businesses

     The Company’s business is principally divided into four segments: wealth management and institutional
business, investment banking, investment management as well as investment and trading.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          33
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



1.    Wealth management and institutional business

      The wealth management and institutional business of the Company mainly includes brokerage and
wealth management, capital-based intermediary business and institutional client integrated services. In 2022,
the wealth management and institutional business of the Company maintained a solid competitive position,
and ranked 3rd in the industry in terms of net income from agency trading of securities (including leasing of
trading seats, using parent company as statistics caliber).


(1)   Brokerage and wealth management

       In 2022, the one-way trading volume of stocks and funds in the SSE and SZSE amounted to RMB247.67
trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.59%. There were 14.73 million new investors in the
market, representing a year-on-year decrease of 24.99%. The establishment of a multi-tier capital market
system continued to advance and has achieved staged progress. As at the end of 2022, there were over 5.26
million qualified investors in the BSE market, and annual one-way trading volume of stocks amounted to
RMB198.013 billion.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company closely focused on “increasing quantity and enhancing
quality” to carry out the marketing business, and continuously enhanced the quality of new accounts.
There were 2.26 million new accounts opened during the year, ranking at the forefront of the industry. As
at the end of the year, the number of clients of the Company amounted to approximately 16.44 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 11.16%, and the amount of clients’ assets under custody amounted to
RMB3.66 trillion. The market share in terms of trading volume of stocks and funds was 5.22%, representing a
year-on-year increase of 0.32 percentage point. The brokerage business for stock options had a market share
of 8.32% in terms of the cumulative number of clients opening accounts, ranking 2nd in the industry. Due to
the vigorous promotion of cross-border product trading, the market share of trading under the Hong Kong
Stock Connect increased to 4.67%.
      The Company vigorously promoted the transformation of wealth management business by establishing
a comprehensive wealth management service system with the features of a securities firm leveraging
“technology, professional allocation and all-time support” (科技賦能、專業配置、全程陪伴). The Company
continued to give full play to its research advantages to establish a selected product system focusing on
“Private Fund 50” and “Selected Mutual Fund”. By optimizing the selection, allocation and sales of financial
products, the Company was able to expand the scale of financial products of clients and enhance clients’
experience. The Company continued to establish the buy-side investment advisory services, focused on the
development of the distinctive businesses of “CMS Fund Investment Adviser” (e招投) and “CMS Private
Banking” (智遠私行) to strengthen the entire lifecycle, so as to meet the different needs of inclusive finance
clients and high-net-worth clients. According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of
China, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company’s equity plus hybrid mutual funds and non-monetary
market mutual funds held by clients amounted to RMB68.3 billion and RMB73.6 billion, respectively, both
ranking 5th among securities firms. As of the end of 2022, the Company’s “CMS Fund Investment Adviser”
had a total of 40.2 thousand contracted clients, with total contracted assets amounted to RMB9.652 billion. In
November 2022, the Company was successfully included in the list of the first batch of fund sales institutions
for individual pensions. In the future, the Company will fully rely on its investment research capability to
provide investors with “one-stop” individual pension services.
      The Company further enhanced the digital operation capability of its wealth management business by
upgrading and optimizing the CMS APP, strengthening platform operations and creating a unique business
model of private domain traffic based on the corporate WeChat account and the “CMS wealth management
+” (招商證券財富+) WeChat Mini Program, thereby improving client service quality and reach efficiency. In
2022, the Company served approximately 6 million clients through the WeChat ecosystem. According to the
statistics from Analysys Qianfan, in 2022, the average monthly active users (MAU) of the CMS APP grew by
7.33% year-on-year, ranking 5th among the top ten securities firms, and the average monthly visit duration
of APP users ranked 1st among the top ten securities firms.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

34
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                                                               Year-on-year
      Operating indicators                                   2022                2021
                                                                                                    change

      Trading volume of stocks and funds in
      the SSE and SZSE (RMB trillion)                        25.86              26.27                 -1.56%
      (Note 1)

      Market share of trading volume of                                                     Increased by 0.32
                                                           5.22%               4.90%
      stocks and funds in the SSE and SZSE                                                   percentage point

      Market share of net income from                                                      Decreased by 0.12
                                                          4.68%                4.80%
      agency trading of securities                                                          percentage point

      Net income from agency sale of
                                                              8.21              10.06               -18.39%
      financial products (RMB100 million)

      Number of wealth management
                                                             1,329              1,208                10.02%
      advisors

      Number of wealth management
                                                             52.12              56.35                -7.51%
      clients (10 thousand) (Note 2)

      Amount of assets of wealth
                                                              1.40               1.67               -16.17%
      management clients (RMB trillion)

      Number of high-net-worth clients
                                                              3.00               3.06                -1.96%
      (10 thousand) (Note 3)

     Source: SSE, SZSE, internal statistics of the Company
     Notes:   1.   Trading volume of stocks and funds represents two-way trading volume;
              2.   Wealth management clients refer to individual clients with assets under custody amounting to
                   RMB300,000 and above;
              3.   High-net-worth clients refer to clients with assets under custody amounting to RMB8 million
                   and above;
              4.   The above data are data of the parent company.
     For futures brokerage business, in 2022, the cumulative trading volume and turnover of China’s
futures market amounted to 6.768 billion lots and RMB534.93 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 9.93% and 7.96%, respectively. As at the end of the 2022, clients’ equity in the market amounted to
RMB1.48 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.00%. Leveraging its shareholder resources, China
Merchants Futures focused on financial institutional clients and industrial clients, and deeply promoted the
transformation and reform of its institutional business, thereby achieving rapid growth of clients’ equity. As
at the end of 2022, China Merchants Futures’ clients’ equity amounted to RMB33.378 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 66.22%.
     For the overseas market, CMS International strengthened its client service capability by establishing new
systems, new platforms, new channels and new products. As at the end of 2022, CMS International’s clients’
assets under custody amounted to HK$194.088 billion, and the annual trading volume of stocks in the Hong
Kong market amounted to HK$183.765 billion.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           35
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Capital-based intermediary business

      In 2022, the margin financing and securities lending business once again received policy support, e.g.
the lowering of refinancing rate by China Securities Finance and the expansion of scope of stocks for margin
financing and securities lending by the SSE and SZSE. However, affected by market conditions, the overall
scale of business declined. As at the end of the year, the balance of margin financing and securities lending
in the SSE and SZSE amounted to RMB1.54 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 15.93%. Of
which, the balance of margin financing amounted to RMB1.44 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 15.93%, and the market size of securities lending amounted to RMB95.881 billion, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 20.19%. The balance of stock pledge repo business amounted to RMB212.425 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.44%.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company kept close track of market and client demands, strengthened
internal coordination, actively carried out product and service innovation, and vigorously expanded the
channels for securities lending. As at the end of the year, the market share of securities lending was 3.14%,
representing a year-on-year increase of 0.67 percentage point. The Company strengthened technologies,
and launched the “eZhaorong” (e招融) platform and the intelligent management platform for stock pledge
business, thereby greatly improving client service efficiency. The Company continuously implemented the
counter-cyclical adjustment mechanism of the policy of capital-based intermediary business, improved the
stress test and early warning working mechanism, prudently controlled business risks, and reduced and
withdrew a number of risky projects, thereby maintaining excellent asset quality.
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the Company’s margin financing and securities
lending amounted to RMB80.034 billion, and the maintenance coverage ratio was 288.55%. The balance
of stock pledge repo to be repurchased (including contribution from asset management plans) amounted
to RMB20.095 billion, and the overall collateral coverage ratio was 234.08%. Of which, the balance of
contribution from self-owned capital amounted to RMB14.076 billion, and the collateral coverage ratio was
279.74%. In 2022, the Company ranked 6th in the industry in terms of interest income from capital-based
intermediary business (using parent company as statistics caliber). As of the end of the Reporting Period, in
terms of the balance of margin financing and securities lending and the balance of stock pledge repo by self-
owned capital, the Company ranked 5th in the industry.
      For the overseas market, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin trading of CMS
International amounted to HK$3.272 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 34.18%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

36
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                    As at the end     As at the end          Year-on-year
       Operating indicators
                                                          of 2022           of 2021               change

       Balance of margin financing and
                                                          800.34             964.68               -17.04%
       securities lending (RMB100 million)

       Market share of margin financing and                                              Decreased by 0.06
                                                          5.20%              5.26%
       securities lending                                                                 percentage point

       Of which: Balance of securities lending
                                                           30.07              29.71                1.21%
       (RMB100 million)

       Market share of balance of securities                                             Increased by 0.67
                                                          3.14%              2.47%
       lending                                                                            percentage point

       Balance of stock pledge repo (including
       contribution from asset management                 200.95            223.10                 -9.93%
       plans) (RMB100 million)

       Balance of stock pledge repo by
                                                          140.76            142.22                 -1.03%
       self-owned capital (RMB100 million)

       Balance of overseas margin financing
                                                           32.72              49.71              -34.18%
       (HK$100 million)

      Source: Internal statistics of the Company


(3)   Institutional client integrated services

      The Company is committed to providing a package of comprehensive financial services such as research,
trading services, agency sale, custody and fund administrative services, OTC derivatives, refinancing, block
trading and sale of investment banking products for professional financial institutional investors such as
mutual funds, insurance asset management companies and private funds.


①     Institutional integrated services

      In 2022, there was continuous acceleration in the progress of institutionalization of the capital
market. The Company adhered to be innovation-driven, continued to further develop its institutional
business, vigorously facilitated the transformation and reform of the institutional business, implemented
the institutional client manager system, and established a coordinated and integrated institutional business
service system, so as to comprehensively improve business synergy and further reinforce the leading edge of
institutional integrated services.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                        37
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      The Company constantly promoted the establishment of the prime brokerage business, and remained
at the industry-leading position in terms of its professional trading service capability. The Company’s self-
developed investment management system is deeply integrated with the securities lending, derivatives as well
as custody and fund administrative service businesses, thereby effectively meeting clients’ demand for one-
stop comprehensive financial services, which has become a kind of distinctive services of the Company. The
Company continued to upgrade and improve the “CMS institutional +” (招商證券機構+) series of marketing
service tools, so as to facilitate the marketing team in enhancing service efficiency.
      In 2022, the Company’s trading volume of stocks and funds of private fund clients increased by 21.61%
year-on-year, and its market share grew against the trend. As at the end of 2022, the trading service coverage
ratio of key private fund clients with asset size over RMB5 billion reached 81%.


②    Research

      As at the end of 2022, CMS has research coverage of nearly 2,000 listed companies in China and
overseas. The Company takes industry-leading positions in the research of a wide range of sectors, including
quantitative trading and fund evaluation, fixed-income investment, electronics, media, light industry and
textiles, real estate, strategy, electric devices and new energy, food and beverage, macro-economy, finance,
communications, computers, automobiles, transportation, non-ferrous metals, home appliances and military
industries.
      During the Reporting Period, CMS continued to promote the transformation of the research business,
actively explored the “research +” businesses, deepened the integration of research and business, and
focused on key sectors such as new economies and new industries to conduct in-depth research on the
industry chain and empower business development. The Company established seven research groups,
including common prosperity, post-real estate era, country risk, industrial chain reshaping, commodity pricing,
supply chain security and digital economy, to strengthen research on long-term cycles and major trends. CMS
also continued to improve service levels for core clients in the fields of mutual funds, insurance and private
funds. Furthermore, CMS hosted influential large-scale conferences such as the “2nd New Consumer Industry
High-end Forum” (第二屆新消費產業高端論壇), “Robot Online Summit” (機器人線上峰會) and “2023 Capital
Market Annual Meeting” (2023年資本市場年會) to further reinforce and enhance the Company’s research
brand influence. In 2022, CMS published 6,944 research reports, organized 35,867 research roadshows,
conducted 713 joint field researches, and held 3,563 online meetings.
     In 2022, CMS was awarded the titles of “Most Influential Research Institution” (最具影響力研究機構)
and “Best ESG Practice Research Institution” (最佳ESG實踐研究機構) in the 20th New Fortune Best Analyst
Awards, as well as “Most Popular and Influential Research Institution” (最具人氣和影響力研究機構) in the
13th China Securities Journal Golden Bull Awards.


③    Custody and fund administrative services

      In 2022, competition in the custody and fund administrative service industry further intensified, with
another 3 firms obtained qualification for securities investment fund custody. Affected by market conditions,
existing private securities investment funds amounted to RMB5.56 trillion, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 9.18%. The concentration of the custody and fund administrative service industry further
decreased. As at the end of 2022, the market share of the CR3 of custody and fund administrative services in
the securities industry dropped from 81.93% as at the end of 2014 to 51.88%.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

38
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      During the Reporting Period, the Company flexibly adjusted its client marketing and service strategies,
strengthened internal and external collaboration, utilized financial engineering methods, consolidated its
advantages in terms of traditional key clients, and vigorously secured new clients such as small and medium-
sized private fund managers in the growth stage. The Company was innovation-driven and developed new
business models, and was the first in the industry to roll out innovative services such as T0 valuation as well as
T0 subscription and redemption confirmation of private funds. The Company successfully completed its first
case of cross-border fund manager business and its first case of fund administrative service business for wholly
foreign-owned mutual funds, thereby accelerating internationalization of business.
      In 2022, the Company’s custody and fund administrative service business maintained its industry-
leading position. As at the end of the year, the number of custody and fund administrative service products
of the Company amounted to 41.2 thousand, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.50%, and the size
of which amounted to RMB3.47 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.84%. According to the
statistics from the Asset Management Association of China and Wind, the Company’s market share in terms
of the number of private fund products under custody reached 22.32%, ranking 1st in the industry for nine
consecutive years. In 2022, the Company ranked 1st in the securities industry in terms of the total amount of
WFOE products under custody and number of new WFOE products, and ranked 2nd in the securities industry
in terms of the amount of mutual fund products under custody.
     In 2022, the Company has been named as the “Best Private Fund Custody Broker” (最佳私募託管券商)
by China Fund News for six consecutive years.


2.   Investment banking business

      In 2022, the Company advanced the transformation to a modern investment bank and promoted the
strategic upgrade of its investment banking business. Based on the mission of “China Merchants Securities
can serve the nation’s needs”, the Company actively served the national strategy, and continued to establish
its professional and regional core competitiveness while focusing on technological finance, green finance
and other relevant fields and seizing business development opportunities under the goal of “emission peak
and carbon neutrality”. The Company actively resolved historical risk events, strengthened the whole-process
management and quality control of investment banking business, and effectively improved the practice quality
of investment banking business. Through the in-depth facilitation of the corporate client manager system,
the optimization of the coordination mechanism of “investment, research and investment banking”, the
enhancement of the “Gazelle Incubator Project” (羚躍計劃) and the digital transformation of the investment
banking business, the Company established a client-oriented “one-stop” comprehensive service model to
meet the diverse financial service demand of enterprises.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              39
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(1)   Equity underwriting

      In 2022, the pace of equity financing in the A share market slowed down. According to the statistics
from Wind, the total amount of equity financing in the A share market was RMB1.41 trillion (excluding share
issuance for asset acquisition, same for below), representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.77%. A total of
416 IPOs were completed in the A share market with raised proceeds of RMB522.255 billion, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 20% and 13.39%, respectively. Of which, the proceeds raised from IPOs completed
in the STAR Market, ChiNext Board and BSE under the registration-based IPO system accounted for 83.47%
of the total value of IPOs completed in the A share market. The proceeds raised from refinancing amounted
to RMB887.727 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.78%. There was differentiation in
the performance of the refinancing business. Of which, the proceeds raised from additional issuance and
convertible bonds decreased by 10.67% and 22.58% year-on-year, respectively, while the proceeds raised
from rights issue increased by 83.54% year-on-year.
      Despite the gradual recovery of the Hong Kong IPO market in the second half of the year, the number
of listing and the total amount of financing both dropped during the year. According to the statistics from
Bloomberg, in 2022, a total of 81 IPOs were completed in the Hong Kong market with raised proceeds of
US$13.363 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.74% and 68.83%, respectively. Benefiting
from the continuous listing of Chinese Concept Stocks in Hong Kong and the introduction of the SPAC
(Special Purpose Acquisition Company) listing mechanism, a total of 11 Chinese Concept Stocks returned to
Hong Kong for listing and a total of 5 SPACs were listed during the year.
      During the Reporting Period, affected by the reduction in the Company’s IPO pipeline in 2021, the
number and amount of A share projects underwritten by the Company as a leading underwriter declined to
a certain extent. The Company deepened the professional transformation of investment banking business,
and vigorously developed the refinancing business of major clients. According to the statistics from Wind, the
Company ranked 7th and 13th in the industry in terms of the amount of A share projects and the amount of
IPOs underwritten as a leading underwriter, respectively. The Company ranked 6th in terms of the amount
of refinancing projects underwritten as a leading underwriter, up by 3 places year-on-year. According to the
statistics from Bloomberg, in the overseas market, the Company completed a total of 9 underwriting projects,
with an underwritten amount of US$561 million, ranking 5th among Chinese brokers. Of which, the value of
IPOs underwritten amounted to US$116 million; and the value of refinancing projects underwritten amounted
to US$445 million. Based on the nation’s needs, the Company vigorously developed technological finance,
green finance and inclusive finance to establish distinctive financial competitiveness. The Company completed
the A share IPO listing of 6 companies and the equity refinancing of 8 companies in relevant industries, with
an underwritten amount of RMB19.141 billion.
      In 2022, the Company completed a number of market influential projects, including the issuance
of convertible bonds of Bank of Chongqing (the first convertible bonds project for A+H shares small and
medium-sized banks), the A+H shares rights issue of CITIC Securities, the non-public issuance of shares of
China Merchants Port, as well as the A share IPO projects of Piotech (拓荊科技) (a leading enterprise in the
field of integrated circuit thin film deposition equipment), Guobo Electronics (國博電子) (a leading enterprise
in the field of military electronics and radio frequency integrated circuits) and Yidong Electronics Technology
(奕東電子) (a leading enterprise in the field of precision electronic components). The Company completed
the Hong Kong IPO projects of Sunshine Insurance Group (陽光保險集團) (one of the top five IPO projects in
the Hong Kong market in terms of the amount of proceeds raised), Mega Genomics (美因基因) (the largest
consumer-grade genetic testing and cancer screening genetic testing platform in China), Yunkang Group (雲
康集團) (a comprehensive medical operation service platform in China) and Hongjiu Fruit (洪九果品) (a leading
fruit company in China). The Company won various awards such as the “Best Investment Bank in China” (本
土最佳投行) in the 15th New Fortune Awards and the “Junding Award for All-round Investment Bank in China
in 2022” (2022中國證券業全能投行君鼎獎) by the Securities Times.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

40
                                                     Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      In 2022, the Company continuously pushed forward the transformation and upgrade of its corporate
client marketing service model, and constantly strengthened the pipeline of high-quality investment bank
projects. According to the statistics from the CSRC, SSE, SZSE and BSE, as at the end of 2022, 39 A share
IPO projects underwritten by the Company were pending approval (including projects to be offered or
to be registered with the CSRC), ranking 9th in the industry, up by 3 places year-on-year. 9 refinancing
projects were pending approval. During the Reporting Period, the Company applied for 31 new IPO projects,
representing a year-on-year increase of 72.22%. The Company vigorously developed inclusive finance,
continued to serve technological innovation enterprises in the growth stage, and actively promoted the
business transformation of companies in the “Gazelle Incubator Project” (羚躍計劃) company database. As
at the end of the year, a total of 358 companies have been selected into the “Gazelle Incubator Project”
company database.

                                            2022                                2021

                                       Lead                               Lead
                               underwriting                       underwriting
                                    amount                             amount                          Year-on-year
                                  (RMB100          Number of         (RMB100           Number of         change in
       A share projects             million)         projects          million)          projects      amount (%)

       IPOs                           101.32                  7           219.57                 23         -53.86%

       Refinancing                    308.94                 14           210.03                 20          47.09%

       Total                          410.26                 21           429.60                 43          -4.50%

      Source: Statistics from Wind, using issue date as statistics caliber
      Note:    IPOs include listing projects on the BSE. Refinancing excludes share issuance for asset acquisition.


(2)   Bond underwriting

     In 2022, China’s central bank’s prudent monetary policy became more flexible and moderate, and
market liquidity remained reasonably sufficient. China promulgated a number of policies to support economic
and social development, and effectively prevent and mitigate financial risks. China’s bond market fluctuated
sharply, and the yield of the bond market fluctuated within a range. As such, the pace of issuance in the
bond market slowed down. According to the statistics from Wind, the total domestic bonds (excluding central
bank bills and inter-bank deposit certificates) issued amounted to RMB40.76 trillion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 2.91%. Of which, the total credit bonds (excluding treasury bonds, local government
bonds, central bank bills, inter-bank deposit certificates and policy bank bonds, same for below) issued
amounted to RMB17.85 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.76%. The total corporate bonds
issued amounted to RMB3.09 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.49%. The total ABS issued
amounted to RMB2.01 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 35.91%. According to the statistics
from Bloomberg, affected by the Federal Reserve’s interest rate hikes and frequent defaults of real estate
companies, the Chinese offshore bonds (excluding RMB bonds) issued amounted to US$76.078 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 55.48%.




                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      41
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to focus on developing credit bond business in
key regions, actively developed innovative businesses such as infrastructure REITs, increased the underwriting
for green bonds, and implemented the rural revitalization strategy. According to the statistics from Wind,
in 2022, the domestic bonds lead underwritten by the Company amounted to RMB274.976 billion, ranking
10th in the industry. Of which, the credit bonds underwritten amounted to RMB272.088 billion, ranking 8th
in the industry. The Company ranked 6th in the industry in terms of the amount of ABS underwritten, 1st in
the industry for eight consecutive years in terms of the amount of credit ABS underwritten, and 2nd in the
industry in terms of the issuance amount of infrastructure REITs for which the Company acted as a financial
advisor. The Company continuously optimized the structure of its bond business. As a result, the corporate
bond and corporate ABS businesses recorded outstanding performance, with underwritten amount increased
by 20.40% and 36.00% year-on-year, respectively. According to the statistics from Bloomberg, during the
Reporting Period, the Company completed 4 Chinese offshore bond (excluding RMB bond) issuance projects,
with an underwritten amount of US$85.86 million.
      In 2022, the Company completed a number of market influential projects, including the China
Merchants – Gezhouba Neisui Expressway Yangtze River Economic Belt ABS Special Program (the first
off-balance sheet expressway quasi-REITs issued by a central enterprise), the CICC Anhui Transportation
Holding Expressway Closed-end Infrastructure Securities Investment Fund (the largest REITs), the ICBC –
China Merchants – SPIC Sichuan Hydropower ABS Special Program (the first single SPV structured REITs of
SPIC) and Fosun Hi-Tech’s US$150 million 3-year senior unsecured notes (the first USD SBLC structured free
trade zone offshore bonds in China). The Company also assisted in the issuance of multiple domestic and
overseas green bonds and rural revitalization-themed bonds, with an underwritten amount of approximately
RMB19.310 billion and RMB3.128 billion, respectively, including the first domestic “sustainable development-
linked” financial bonds, the first rural revitalization-themed green financial bonds, the first green rural
revitalization corporate bonds (supporting old revolutionary base) and the first low-carbon transition-linked
corporate bonds in the leasing industry. The Company won various awards such as the 2022 “Excellent Bond
Underwriter” (優秀債券承銷機構) by China Central Depository and Clearing Co., Ltd. and the “Best Debt
Underwriting Investment Bank” (最佳債權承銷投行) in the 15th New Fortune Awards.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

42
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                          2022                                 2021

                                      Lead                              Lead
                              underwriting                      underwriting
                                   amount         Number of          amount           Number of    Year-on-year
                                 (RMB100            issuance       (RMB100              issuance      change in
       Domestic bonds              million)        (tranche)         million)          (tranche)        amount

       Enterprise bonds                8.40                 2                4.50             1         86.67%

       Corporate bonds               591.53              165           491.32               143         20.40%

       Financial bonds               734.66                79         2,265.23              156        -67.57%

       Short-term
       financing bonds                85.10                27          110.25                31        -22.81%

       Medium-term notes             141.07                30          179.89                49        -21.58%

       Private placement
       notes                          77.60                30          145.52                51        -46.68%

       Asset-backed
       securities                  1,111.41              499          1,708.17              496        -34.94%

       Others                             —                —                 2.50             3       -100.00%

       Total                       2,749.76              832          4,907.38              930        -43.97%

      Source: Statistics from Wind, using issue date as statistics caliber
      Note:     Bond underwriting includes bonds issued as a principal. Others include local government bonds,
                international agency bonds, government-backed agency bonds, standardized notes and project
                revenue notes.


(3)   Financial advisory

     In 2022, global M&A transactions slowed down significantly. According to the statistics from Bloomberg,
there were a total of 62.8 thousand transactions in the global M&A market, and the total transaction value
amounted to US$3.64 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 31.2%. The transaction value of
China’s M&A market also showed a general downward trend. According to the statistics from Wind, in 2022,
9,525 transactions were announced in China’s M&A market (excluding overseas M&A), and the transaction
value amounted to RMB2.44 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 18.09%. 4,510 transactions
were completed, and the transaction value amounted to RMB1.09 trillion, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 22.67%.
       During the Reporting Period, the Company seized the opportunities arising from SOE reform, actively
facilitated economic structural transformation and industrial upgrade, continued to deepen close cooperation
with strategic clients such as central enterprises and SOEs, and actively promoted the development of
industry-finance integration and financial sector integration projects within China Merchants Group.
According to the statistics from Wind, in 2022, the Company completed 7 M&A and restructuring projects in
the A share market, ranking 8th in the industry, with a transaction value of RMB10.033 billion.




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             43
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



3.    Investment management

     The Company engages in securities asset management business and private equity fund management
business through its subsidiaries, namely China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. and China
Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. The Company engages in mutual fund management business
through its associates, namely Bosera Funds and China Merchants Fund.


(1)   Asset management business of securities companies

     In 2022, asset management companies entered the comprehensive NAV-based era. The asset
management industry developed from scale growth to high-quality structural transformation, and residents’
asset allocation gradually shifted to highly standardized and NAV-based mutual fund products. Securities
firms accelerated the development of wealth management business, promoted the establishment of asset
management subsidiaries, and strengthened the development of mutual fund product lines. According to
the statistics from the Securities Association of China, as at the end of 2022, AUM of securities companies
amounted to RMB9.76 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.69%.
      During the Reporting Period, CMS Asset Management expedited the transformation of active
management. First, it continued to promote the transformation of massive collective asset management
products to mutual funds. It completed the transformation of 4 massive collective asset management products
to mutual funds during the year, and completed the transformation of a total of 7 massive collective asset
management products to mutual funds as at the end of the year. As at the end of the year, the AUM of the
transformed massive collective asset management products reached RMB37.060 billion. In January 2023,
CMS Asset Management’s application for mutual fund license was processed and pending approval by the
CSRC. Second, it continuously optimized its investment research structure, vigorously introduced investment
research talents, and established a digital platform for investment transactions to facilitate business
development. Third, it focused on clients’ demand, took multiple measures to optimize product composition,
improved the four product lines of fixed-income investment, equity investment, multi-strategy funds and FOF,
and focused on the fixed-income product line to vigorously develop banking, insurance and other institutional
clients.
     Affected by market fluctuations and declining client demand, as at the end of 2022, the AUM of CMS
Asset Management amounted to RMB317.134 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 34.36%.
According to the statistics from the Securities Association of China and Asset Management Association of
China, as at the end of the year, CMS Asset Management ranked 9th in terms of AUM and 7th in terms of
average monthly private AUM during the year.
    In 2022, CMS Asset Management won the “2022 Golden Bull Broker – Massive Collective Asset
Manager” (2022年度金牛券商集合資產管理人) award from China Securities Journal.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

44
                                                    Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                                                                 Net income from asset
                                                                                 management business
                                              AUM (RMB100 million)                 (RMB100 million)

                   Category                           2022           2021              2022              2021

       Collective asset management                 1,380.08      2,028.09              6.40               7.73

       Separately managed account                  1,153.57      2,151.94              2.57               4.03

       Specialized asset management                 637.69         651.50              0.35               0.46

       Total                                       3,171.34      4,831.53              9.32              12.22

      Source: Internal statistics of the Company


(2)   Private equity fund management

      In 2022, China’s equity investment market developed steadily. Driven by the increase in participation
of equity investment by state-owned capital, the advancement of planning for new infrastructure and the
intensive establishment of large-scale policy funds and infrastructure investment funds, the amount of funds
raised in the market remained high. Along with the slowdown of the investment market and the structural
upgrade of industries, key and core technology, semiconductors, clean technology, automobiles and other
relevant fields have become the key industries for investment. In terms of IPO exits, due to the impact of the
turbulent global financial market, the amount of overseas listings declined. In China, benefiting from the
continuous deepening of reform of the registration-based IPO system and the establishment of a multi-tier
capital market, the issuance of new shares maintained a good momentum. According to the statistics from
Zero2IPO Research, in 2022, the amount of newly raised funds in China’s equity investment market reached
RMB2 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.3%. Total investment amounted to RMB907.679
billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 36.2%. There were 4,365 exit cases, representing a year-on-
year decrease of 3.7%.
      During the Reporting Period, CMS Zhiyuan continued to promote the establishment of the fundraising
system, and vigorously developed its fundraising business. It further implemented the coordination strategy
of “investment, research and investment banking” and coordinated with various sectors of China Merchants
Group and China Merchants Securities to establish industry-specific investment capabilities. In terms of
fundraising, it mainly cooperated with local governments and SOEs to facilitate local investment, industrial
upgrade and economic development. During the year, it set up 6 new funds with a total amount of
RMB5.748 billion, hitting a record high since 2016. In terms of investment, focusing on national strategies
and being industrial-oriented, it successfully invested in a number of projects in the fields of new energy and
new materials, with an investment amount of approximately RMB900 million. In terms of post-investment
management, 2 investees have undergone IPOs; 2 investees have been approved for IPOs; and 3 investees
have filed for IPOs. It recorded exiting proceeds of approximately RMB1.8 billion. According to the statistics
from the Asset Management Association of China, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the average monthly private
AUM of CMS Zhiyuan amounted to RMB18.633 billion, ranking 8th in the securities industry.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            45
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Fund management

      In 2022, China’s equity market underwent continuous adjustment, and its bond market became more
volatile. Amid market downturn, the mutual fund industry aimed to pursue high-quality development and
therefore achieved steady development. As at the end of 2022, there were more than 10 thousand of mutual
fund products with a total AUM of RMB26.03 trillion, representing an increase of 13.87% and 1.83%,
respectively, as compared to that of the end of 2021. Meanwhile, along with the launch of individual pension
business, the expedited expansion of infrastructure REITs and the emergence of innovative products such
as ETFs and ESG, the comprehensive wealth management capabilities for mutual funds required further
improvement, in order to meet the asset allocation needs of different clients.


①     Bosera Funds

      The Company holds 49% of the equity of Bosera Funds. During the Reporting Period, adhering to the
core objectives of building the three capabilities of “wealth management, financial technology and risk
management”, Bosera Funds aimed at establishing investment capability, actively facilitating product and
growth model innovation, and taking the lead in the planning for digital technology, green technology
and life technology. It actively developed new business models such as individual pension investment, fund
investment advisory and NAV-based transformation of wealth management products, and assisted in the
listing of the first batch of bond ETFs of China Development Bank. Its individual pension fund products were
included in the list of the first batch of individual pension fund products. It profoundly developed various
client channels, strictly maintained compliance principles, and improved the quality of risk control, so as to
continuously create competitive advantages for high-quality development.
      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM of Bosera Funds amounted to RMB1,501.1 billion
(excluding the assets managed by subsidiaries), representing a decrease of 9.32% as compared to that of the
end of 2021. Of which, AUM of mutual funds (excluding feeder funds) amounted to RMB953.7 billion, and
AUM of non-monetary mutual funds amounted to RMB509.7 billion, representing a decrease of 3.59% and
2.58%, respectively, as compared to that of the end of 2021. According to the statistics from Wind, as at the
end of 2022, Bosera Funds ranked 8th in the industry in terms of AUM of non-monetary mutual funds, and
ranked 1st in terms of AUM of bond mutual funds.


②     China Merchants Fund

      The Company holds 45% of the equity of China Merchants Fund. During the Reporting Period, China
Merchants Fund aimed to pursue “high-quality” development, and strived to facilitate the Company to “grow
against the trend”. It further promoted the integration of the investment research system, strengthened the
establishment of the investment research platform, and improved in-depth research and investment research
interaction by establishment of industrial chain groups. It continuously deepened client management, actively
developed sales channels and customer base expansion, accelerated the expansion of pension and annuity
business, and strengthened client management and after-sales support. It continuously enhanced product
composition, eagerly and appropriately adjusted product strategies according to new changes in the capital
market, and rolled out the first batch of innovative products such as the BSE 50 Index, policy financial bond
ETFs and carbon-neutral ETFs. Its individual pension fund products were included in the list of the first
batch of individual pension fund products. It continuously increased investment in technology, and focused
on improving self-research and innovation capabilities, thereby solidly facilitating digital transformation. It
continued to maintain prudent operation, and strengthened risk control and compliance management. As a
result, there were no major risk compliance incidents during the Reporting Period.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

46
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB1,149.2
billion (excluding the assets managed by subsidiaries), representing an increase of 6.41% as compared to that
of the end of 2021. Of which, AUM of mutual funds (excluding feeder funds) amounted to RMB770.5 billion,
and AUM of non-monetary mutual funds amounted to RMB560.9 billion, representing an increase of 3.98%
and 2.29%, respectively, as compared to that of the end of 2021. According to the statistics from Wind, as at
the end of 2022, China Merchants Fund ranked 5th in the industry in terms of AUM of non-monetary mutual
funds, and ranked 2nd and 3rd in terms of AUM of bond and equity mutual funds, respectively.


4.   Investment and trading

      In 2022, affected by the escalation of the Russo-Ukrainian conflict and the monetary policy shift of
the Federal Reserve, the global financial market became more volatile and A share prices fell sharply. China
was still in a period of transition to high-quality economic development. Despite the volatility in the macro
environment, driven by more policies to stabilize growth, since the third quarter, China’s economic optimism
has returned and economy has continued to recover. In the first three quarters, the general trend of China’s
bond market remained stable, but the yields were low. In the fourth quarter, the bond market fell as a
whole. During the year, the ChinaBond Composite Total Return Index rose by 3.31%, which was lower than
the average increase in the bond market in the past decade. In the overseas market, the interest rates of
U.S. bonds showed an upward trend. During the Reporting Period, RMB exchange rates first fluctuated and
depreciated, then stabilized and appreciated, and remained at a reasonable balanced level throughout the
year.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company optimized asset allocation, controlled risk exposure, actively
expanded the market-neutral investment business, and focused on optimizing income structure. As at the
end of 2022, the Company’s financial assets amounted to RMB308.517 billion, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 1.01%.
      For equity investment, the Company reduced the investment scale, strictly controlled risks and
retracement, adhered to the principle of following industrial development in the long-term and invested in
industry leaders, and continued to optimize the investment research team.
       For equity derivatives investment, the Company vigorously developed capital-based intermediary trading
business such as listed derivatives market making, fund market making, STAR Market market making and OTC
derivatives, as well as market-neutral investment business such as quantitative strategies. For listed derivatives
market making, the Company continuously optimized its market making strategies and system, and improved
the market competitiveness of quotations leveraging financial technologies such as big data and machine
learning. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s derivatives market making qualifications increased to
70, ranking 1st among securities firms. For fund market making, the Company continued to develop market
making projects and expand its business scale. The Company ranked among the top in the industry in terms
of the number and competitiveness of derivatives market making and fund market making projects. The
Company was granted the comprehensive AA rating for primary options market maker on the SSE in 2022,
and the comprehensive AA rating for primary fund market maker on the SSE and SZSE in 2022. The Company
also won multiple market making awards such as the “Excellent Options Market Maker in 2022” (2022年度
優秀期權做市商) and “Best Stock ETF Market Maker in 2022” (2022年度最佳股票ETF做市商) of the SSE, and
the “Excellent Options Market Maker in 2022” (2022年度優秀期權做市商) of the SZSE. In October 2022, the
Company obtained the stock market making qualification on the STAR Market of the SSE, and was among the
first batch of firms to initiate the business. As at the end of December 2022, the Company provided market
making services for 16 stocks on the STAR Market, and ranked among the top three in the industry in terms
of the number of market making projects. For OTC derivatives, the Company adhered to the market-neutral
strategy, and satisfied the hedging and asset allocation needs of investors by strengthening infrastructure
construction, improving trading and risk pricing capabilities, business varieties and product innovation,
and promoting synergy. As such, the Company was able to maintain steady income growth despite the
fluctuations in the market.
                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              47
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      For fixed-income investment, the Company upheld the concept of prudent investment, vigorously
developed market-neutral investment strategy, and promoted continuous business development through
approaches such as innovation and diversification of products and strategies as well as utilization of financial
technology, thereby achieving steady growth of investment scale. In China, the Company’s return on fixed-
income investment significantly outperformed the market benchmark. In overseas, hedging instruments
were appropriately implemented for fixed-income investment, so as to effectively reduce risks. The Company
enriched its investment strategies and strengthened derivatives investment. The trading volume of treasury
bond futures, interest rate swaps and standard bond forward contracts increased by 113.62%, 426%
and 193% year-on-year, respectively, and the Company was named as an “Active Trader” (活躍交易商)
of the China Foreign Exchange Trade System and an “Excellent Trading Team for Treasury Bond Futures
(Proprietary)” (國債期貨優秀交易團隊獎（自營類）) of the China Financial Futures Exchange. The Company
actively developed its credit derivatives business, actively participated in the investment of central-local
cooperative credit protection instruments, and was one of the first firms to engage in the quotation and
trading of Credit Default Swap Index launched by the SSE and SZSE, thereby assisting private enterprises
in financing and facilitating the development of the real economy. The Company strengthened the
establishment of the quantitative market making system. The Company achieved continuous improvement in
bond market making capability, and won the “2022 Excellent Market Maker Award” (2022年度優秀做市商獎)
from the Export-Import Bank of China. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s market making trading
volume of treasury bond futures increased by 152.61% year-on-year, and the Company has become one of
the primary market makers for treasury bond futures of the China Financial Futures Exchange.
      For foreign exchange, the Company continued to diversify trading currencies and trading strategies,
achieved substantial breakthroughs in quantitative trading, and steadily improved profitability. The Company
was included in the lists of “2022 Interbank Renminbi Foreign Exchange Market Top 100” (2022年度銀行間
人民幣外匯市場100強) and “2022 Interbank Renminbi Foreign Exchange Market ESP (Executive Streaming
Price) Trading Top 10” (2022年度銀行間人民幣外匯市場ESP交易10強) by the China Foreign Exchange Trade
System.
      For alternative investment, CMS Investment upheld the concept of “the financial industry should serve
the real economy”, focused on investment in national key strategic industries and investment in carefully
selected high-quality targets, and strengthened project quality control and risk management. In 2022, its new
equity investment amounted to approximately RMB900 million.


5.   Outlook for 2023

      In 2023, the Company faces a complex business environment with both opportunities and challenges.
The global macro environment remains difficult, and inflation in major developed economies stays high.
Affected by multiple factors such as monetary policy shifts in developed countries and geopolitical conflicts,
the uncertainty of global economic recovery has further increased. In China, despite the expected recovery
of general economic operation, the foundation for economic recovery remains weak. The three pressures of
shrinking demand, disrupted supply and weakening expectations remain intense, and economic and social
risks are increasing. China’s central government will persist in making progress while maintaining stability,
solidly promote Chinese modernization, coordinate economic and social development, facilitate the general
improvement of economic operation, and achieve effective enhancement and reasonable growth in quality
and quantity, so as to pave the way for building a modern socialist country in all respects.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

48
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



       As China’s economic recovery is further consolidated, the fundamentals that affect the operation of the
capital market will be significantly improved, and China’s capital market will maintain a stable and positive
trend in general. In 2023, the reform of the registration-based IPO system was accomplished, which will
facilitate the comprehensive deepening reform of the capital market in a steady, intensive and sustainable
manner, broaden the high-level institutional opening-up of the capital market, and effectively maintain the
stable operation of the capital market. By accelerating the construction of a modern capital market with
Chinese characteristics, the functions of the capital market will be continuously enhanced, thereby better
supporting self-reliance and self-improvement of technology, effectively controlling various risks, and better
facilitating high-quality economic development.
     2023 is the concluding year of the Company’s 2019–2023 five-year development plan, and is also a
crucial year for the development of the “14th Five-Year Plan”. The Company will continue to improve its
capability in serving the high-quality development of the real economy, maintain its strategic focus, pay
close attention to the implementation of strategies, and strive to complete the strategic goals of its five-year
reform.
      For the wealth management and institutional business segment: The Company will comprehensively
reinforce the foundation of its traditional brokerage business, adhere to the “online + offline” marketing
strategy, and strengthen “retail + institutional” marketing integration, so as to fully expand its client base
and improve client quality. The Company will vigorously develop its wealth management business, so as to
increase the size of clients’ wealth management products under CMS’s custody and income from agency sale
of financial products. Giving full play to the advantages of comprehensive services, the Company will steadily
expand its capital-based intermediary business such as margin financing and securities lending as well as
stock pledge repo, and balance risks and returns. The Company will continue to enrich and expand the service
content of its custody and fund administrative service business by continuously upgrading its service platform
and innovating service approaches to strengthen its differentiated competitive advantages. The Company
will empower its research capability, continuously increase “commission income” as its primary income-
generation element, and eagerly strengthen “internal value creation” as its secondary income-generation
element, so as to facilitate business collaboration driven by “research +”.
       For the investment banking business segment: The Company will put quality at the first place and
maintain quality control by further strengthening the quality management system and enhancing the whole-
process control mechanism, in order to ensure quality through process control. The Company will eagerly
seize the opportunities arising from the registration-based IPO system, and make further efforts in the
expansion of high-quality IPO projects in key fields such as technology and green sectors. The Company will
maintain the sound development momentum of its refinancing business, and reconstruct the market-oriented
M&A service capabilities of “industry-finance integration”. As long as the risks of the bond business can be
strictly controlled, the Company will continue to make up for the shortcomings of its segmented products,
and comprehensively increase the number of projects in the pipeline and expand the sources of income.
      For the investment management segment: CMS Asset Management will actively respond to the
competitive landscape of “massive asset management” by building asset management with unique
characteristics of securities firms, clarifying its product and business strategies, promoting the transformation
of its products, marketing, investment and digitalization, and actively facilitating its application for mutual
fund licenses, so as to enhance its active management capability in all respects. CMS Zhiyuan will deepen
its cooperation with the Company’s various business lines and branches, in order to broaden the channels
for stable fundraising and accelerate the establishment of key funds. It will strengthen the synergy between
investment and research, enhance specialized investment capabilities, and strive to expand its investment
scale. It will also improve the post-investment management system, and strengthen post-investment
capabilities, so as to maximize project exiting proceeds.


                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             49
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      For the investment and trading segment: The Company will thoroughly implement the general strategic
policy of “being large-scale while maintaining stability”, strengthen macro research as well as risk control,
continuously improve its asset allocation ability, and adjust and optimize the overall investment structure
according to changes in market situation in a timely manner. By making full use of its client resources and
research capabilities, the Company will accelerate development of client demand-driven business such as
market making and total return swaps. Leveraging its rich strategies, the Company will further expand its
market-neutral investment business.


II.   Industry Condition of the Company during the Reporting Period

      In 2022, the SSE Composite Index, SZSE Component Index, ChiNext Index, CSI 300 Index and Hang Seng
Index fell by 15.13%, 25.85%, 29.37%, 21.63% and 15.46%, respectively, while the ChinaBond Composite
Total Return Index rose by 3.31%. The trading volume of stocks and funds in the SSE and SZSE decreased by
7.59% year-on-year; the trading volume of stocks in the Hong Kong market decreased by 25.38% year-on-
year; the amount of A share equity financing decreased by 11.77% year-on-year; and the total amount of
onshore credit bonds issued decreased by 9.76% year-on-year.
       In 2022, the reform and opening-up of China’s capital market continued to deepen. First, the number
 of companies listed in the A share market exceeded 5,000 with the continuous emergence of “key and core
 technology” enterprises as well as specialized and sophisticated “little giants” firms. The capital market
 has become an important support for China’s economic transformation of “dual circulation”. The CSRC
 promulgated the “Three-Year Action Plan for Improving the Quality of Listed Companies (2022-2025)” (《推
 動提高上市公司質量三年行動方案（2022－2025）》), with an aim to enhancing the overall quality of listed
 companies and improving the compatibility between listed companies and the development requirements of
 the national economy. Second, the capability of the capital market to serve the real economy has improved, as
 demonstrated by the fact that the amount of IPO financing in 2022 remained at a historical high, and that the
 registration-based IPO system operated smoothly and orderly. Third, measures for the high-quality opening-
 up of the capital market have been continuously introduced. The CSRC promulgated the “Regulations on
 the Supervision of Depository Receipts Business under the Stock Connect Scheme between Domestic and
 Overseas Stock Exchanges” (《境內外證券交易所互聯互通存託憑證業務監管規定》) and the “Announcement
 on the Inclusion of Exchange Traded Funds in the Relevant Arrangements under the Stock Connect Scheme”
(《關於交易型開放式基金納入互聯互通相關安排的公告》), and foreign investors have been officially accepted
 to participate in the trading of multiple varieties of futures and options in the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
 Fourth, the rules for investment in mutual funds using individual pensions have been promulgated. The
 implementation of the individual pension system has made up for the shortcomings of the “third pillar” of
 pension insurance at the institutional level, providing institutional guarantees for supplementary individual
 pensions and optimizing the wealth structure of residents, while also bringing more long-term funds to the
 capital market, thereby supporting capital market development.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

50
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



III. Business of the Company during the Reporting Period

      Operating with a client-oriented approach, the Company offers diverse and comprehensive financial
products and services to individual, institutional and corporate clients, and engages in investment and trading.
Its principal business lines comprise the following:
      Wealth management and institutional business: the Company trades stocks, funds, bonds, futures and
other derivatives on behalf of its clients and provides them with other value-added services such as investment
consultancy, investment portfolio recommendation, sales of products and assets allocation in return for fees
and commissions. The Company also provides capital-based intermediary services (including margin financing
and securities lending as well as stock pledge repo) to clients and earns interest income. In addition, the
Company provides investment research, sales and trading, prime brokerage and other services for a variety of
institutional clients such as funds and insurance companies in order to gain fees and commissions.
      Investment banking: the Company provides one-stop domestic and international investment banking
services to its corporate clients, including domestic and international equity financing, debt financing,
structured financing, NEEQ listing, financial advisory and other services. In return, it earns underwriting and
sponsorship fees and financial advisory fees.
     Investment management: the Company provides investment management services, including collective
asset management, separately managed account, specialized asset management and equity investment fund
management, and earns management fees and performance fees.
      Investment and trading: the Company engages in proprietary trading and market making business in
relation to equity securities, fixed-income securities, commodities, alternative investment and other derivatives
including OTC financial products to earn investment income. It also adopts advanced investment and trading
strategies and techniques for mitigating investment risks and boosting returns.


IV. Analysis of Core Competitiveness during the Reporting Period

     The Company, under the control of China Merchants Group, is the largest securities firm of the
SASAC. Over years of development, the Company has built up significant competitive advantages. First,
the Company adopted the concept of stable operations. It was among the first batch of securities firms
included in the “White List” (白名單) of the CSRC, which represents a strong pillar for the Company to rely
on when seeking policy support, seizing significant opportunities for new pilot projects, making responses to
the volatile capital market and facing intense peer competition in the future. Second, the service capability
with a full-service platform that covers a whole industrial chain, a balanced business structure and a solid
development foundation have paved a sound foundation for the Company to develop the business with its
own features, differentiate its edges and facilitate the provision of one-stop services to clients. Third, the
wealth management business has a solid foundation with increasingly strengthened competitiveness. It has
outstanding capability in providing comprehensive services to institutional clients and achieves continuous
capability improvement in respect of providing whole industry chain services to corporate clients, and has
competitive advantages in certain business areas. Fourth, the Company enjoys the strong brand name of
“China Merchants” and its shareholders background as well as good reputation in the market.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             51
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



V. Operations of Principal Businesses during the Reporting Period

(I)   Analysis of principal businesses

1.    Details of changes related to profit and cash flows

                                                                                          Unit: RMB’000

                                                                                          Year-on-year
       Item                                       Current period    Previous period            change

       Total revenue, other income and gains          29,335,800         40,342,422            -27.28%

       Total expenses                                 22,465,851         28,238,826            -20.44%

       Profit before income tax                        8,531,660         13,703,853            -37.74%

       Profit for the year                             8,079,206         11,657,808            -30.70%

       Profit for the year attributable to
       shareholders of the Company                     8,072,319         11,645,065            -30.68%

       Net cash generated from/(used in)
       operating activities                           55,303,455        -54,318,605                  —

       Net cash (used in)/generated from
       investing activities                          -19,129,796         13,813,407           -238.49%

       Net cash (used in)/generated from
       financing activities                          -21,014,037         35,718,315           -158.83%

       Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
       equivalents                                    15,159,622          -4,786,883                 —

     In 2022, the Company recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB29.336 billion, profit
before income tax of RMB8.532 billion and profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company
of RMB8.072 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 27.28%, 37.74% and 30.68%, respectively.
Weighted average return on net assets was 7.54%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.98 percentage
points.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

52
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



2.   Income

                                                                                                Unit: RMB’000

                                    Current period            Previous period           Increase/Decrease

      Item                        Amount     Percentage      Amount     Percentage      Amount     Percentage

      Fee and commission
      income                   11,916,981       40.62%    15,304,295       37.94%     -3,387,314     -22.13%

      Interest income          10,668,243       36.37%    11,342,235       28.11%       -673,992      -5.94%

      Net gain on investment     5,115,011      17.44%      9,454,795      23.44%     -4,339,784     -45.90%

      Net other income and
      gains                      1,635,565       5.57%      4,241,097      10.51%     -2,605,532     -61.44%

      Total revenue, other
      income and gains         29,335,800      100.00%    40,342,422      100.00%    -11,006,622     -27.28%

     In 2022, the Company recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB29.336 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB11.007 billion, or 27.28%, among which:
      Fee and commission income of the Company recorded a year-on-year decrease of 22.13%, mainly
attributable to the year-on-year decrease of 17.36% and 46.80% in the income from securities and futures
brokerage business, and underwriting and sponsorship business of the Company, respectively, among which,
the decrease in the income from securities and futures brokerage business was mainly attributable to the
decrease in the income from agency trading business; and the decrease in the income from underwriting and
sponsorship business was mainly attributable to the decrease in the income from both equity underwriting
and debt underwriting.
      Interest income recorded a year-on-year decrease of 5.94%, mainly attributable to the year-on-year
decrease of 14.61% in the interest income from margin financing and securities lending business and stock
pledge business due to the smaller scale of businesses, partially offset by the year-on-year increase of 22.37%
in the interest income from balance, margin and clearing settlement funds of the Exchanges and financial
institutions.
     Net gain on investment recorded a year-on-year decrease of 45.90%, among which, the net gain from
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss recorded a year-on-year decrease of RMB7.285 billion, and
the net gain from derivative financial instruments recorded a year-on-year increase of RMB2.263 billion.
     Net other income and gains recorded a year-on-year decrease of 61.44%, mainly attributable to the
reduction in revenue from commodities under China Merchants Futures, a subsidiary of the Company.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            53
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



3.   Expenses

                                                                                                 Unit: RMB’000

                                        Current period           Previous period          Increase/Decrease

       Item                            Amount    Percentage     Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage

       Depreciation and
       amortization                    697,543       3.10%      645,607        2.29%       51,936        8.04%

       Staff costs                 5,802,870        25.83%     8,315,756      29.45%    -2,512,886     -30.22%

       Fee and commission
       expenses                    2,449,716        10.90%     2,835,270      10.04%     -385,554      -13.60%

       Interest expenses           9,326,511        41.51%     9,649,572      34.17%     -323,061       -3.35%

       Tax and surcharges              125,696       0.56%      169,923        0.60%      -44,227      -26.03%

       Other operating expenses    3,756,057        16.73%     6,246,319      22.12%    -2,490,262     -39.87%

       Impairment losses under
       expected credit loss
       model, net of reversal          300,543       1.34%      373,061        1.32%      -72,518      -19.44%

       Other impairment
       losses, net                       6,915       0.03%         3,318       0.01%        3,597      108.41%

       Total expenses             22,465,851       100.00%    28,238,826     100.00%    -5,772,975     -20.44%

     In 2022, the total expenses of the Company amounted to RMB22.466 billion, representing a year-on-
year decrease of 20.44%, of which:
     Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB2.450 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 13.60%, mainly attributable to the decrease of RMB380 million, or 13.79%, in the fee and commission
expenses of securities and futures brokerage business along with the decline in trading volume.
      Interest expenses amounted to RMB9.327 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.35%, mainly
attributable to the decrease in repo business scale, the decrease in interest expenses of the financial assets
sold under repurchase agreements of RMB480 million, and the decrease in the interest expenses of the short-
term debt instruments of RMB431 million, partially offset by the increase in the interest expenses of the bonds
payable of RMB462 million.
      Staff costs amounted to RMB5.803 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 30.22%, mainly
attributable to the decrease in performance-based remuneration as a result of the decrease in income.
     Impairment losses under expected credit loss model amounted to RMB301 million, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 19.44%, mainly attributable to the decrease in impairment loss of financial assets held
under resale agreements of RMB132 million and the increase in impairment loss of advances to customers of
RMB53 million.
     Other operating expenses amounted to RMB3.756 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
39.87%, mainly attributable to the decrease in expenses of commodities.
     Other expenses mainly included depreciation and amortization, tax and surcharges and other impairment
losses, net.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

54
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



4.   Segment revenues

4.1 Analysis of segment revenues and other incomes

                                                                                                Unit: RMB’000

                               Current period         Previous period       Increase/Decrease

      Business segment       Amount Percentage       Amount Percentage      Amount Percentage        Change

      Wealth management
      and institutional
      business             17,863,911     60.89% 20,673,747      51.25%   -2,809,836   -13.59%        9.64%

      Investment banking    1,446,575      4.93%    2,610,999     6.47%   -1,164,424   -44.60%        -1.54%

      Investment
      management            1,248,028      4.25%    1,802,396     4.47%    -554,368    -30.76%        -0.22%

      Investment and
      trading               6,722,698     22.92% 10,840,859      26.87%   -4,118,161   -37.99%        -3.95%

      Others                2,115,357      7.21%    4,449,650    11.03%   -2,334,293   -52.46%        -3.82%

     In 2022, the Company recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB29.336 billion, of which:
     Revenue from the wealth management and institutional business segment recorded a year-on-year
decrease of 13.59%, of which, the year-on-year decrease in net fee income from agency trading of the
Company declined to a larger extent, mainly attributable to the year-on-year decrease in the trading volume
of stocks and funds in both A share and H share markets in 2022. Although the market share of stocks
and funds of the Company in the A share market increased, our commission rate decreased along with
the decrease of market commission rate. The interest income from margin financing and securities lending
business and stock pledge business also declined due to the smaller scale of businesses.
     Revenue from the investment banking business segment recorded a year-on-year decrease of 44.60%,
mainly attributable to the decrease in the income from both equity and debt underwriting.
     Revenue from the investment management business segment recorded a year-on-year decrease of
30.76%, mainly attributable to the decrease in AUM and performance fees of CMS Asset Management, a
subsidiary of the Company.
     Revenue from the investment and trading business segment recorded a year-on-year decrease of
37.99%, and the income from all investment businesses of the Company recorded a decrease, of which, the
decrease in equity investment business declined to a larger extent.
     Revenue from other business segments recorded a year-on-year decrease of 52.46%, mainly attributable
to the revenue decrease from commodities under China Merchants Futures, a subsidiary of the Company.
     In terms of revenue composition, as compared to 2021, the proportion of operating income from
the wealth management and institutional business segment increased by 9.64 percentage points, and the
proportion of operating income from the investment banking business segment, investment management
business segment, investment and trading business segment and other business segments decreased by 1.54,
0.22, 3.95 and 3.82 percentage points, respectively.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          55
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



4.2 Analysis of segment expenses

                                                                                                 Unit: RMB’000

                                        Current period           Previous period          Increase/Decrease

       Business segment                Amount    Percentage     Amount     Percentage     Amount     Percentage

       Wealth management and
       institutional business     12,816,587        57.05%    13,829,404      48.97%    -1,012,817      -7.32%

       Investment banking              685,902       3.05%     1,133,501       4.01%     -447,599      -39.49%

       Investment management           476,558       2.12%      546,435        1.94%      -69,877      -12.79%

       Investment and trading      5,797,559        25.81%     7,372,978      26.11%    -1,575,419     -21.37%

       Others                      2,750,014        12.24%     5,391,737      19.09%    -2,641,723     -49.00%

     Expenses of each business segment recorded a year-on-year decrease to different extent, of which,
expenses of the wealth management and institutional business segment, investment banking business
segment, investment management business segment, investment and trading business segment and other
business segments decreased by 7.32%, 39.49%, 12.79%, 21.37% and 49.00% year-on-year, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

56
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



5.   Cash flows

                                                                                                   Unit: RMB’000

                                                                                      Amount        Percentage
                                                    Current          Previous       increased/       increased/
      Item                                           period            period       decreased        decreased

      Net cash generated from/(used in)
      operating activities                       55,303,455      -54,318,605      109,622,060                  —

      Net cash (used in)/generated from
      investing activities                      -19,129,796       13,813,407       -32,943,203         -238.49%

      Net cash (used in)/generated from
      financing activities                      -21,014,037       35,718,315       -56,732,352         -158.83%

      Net increase (decrease) in cash and
      cash equivalents                           15,159,622        -4,786,883       19,946,505                 —

      In 2022, the net increase in cash and cash equivalents of the Company amounted to RMB15.160
billion. Of which, net cash from operating activities amounted to RMB55.303 billion; net cash from investing
activities recorded a deficit of RMB19.130 billion; and net cash from financing activities recorded a deficit of
RMB21.014 billion. The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are mainly denominated in Renminbi, Hong
Kong dollars and U.S. dollars.
     (1)   Net cash from operating activities increased by RMB109.622 billion as compared to 2021, mainly
           attributable to the decrease in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB125.476
           billion, and the decrease in advances to customers of RMB34.628 billion, partially offset by the
           increase in financial assets held under resale agreements of RMB23.286 billion, the decrease in
           financial assets sold under repurchase agreements of RMB14.848 billion and the decrease in other
           current liabilities of RMB19.396 billion.
     (2)   Net cash flow from investing activities decreased by RMB32.943 billion as compared to 2021,
           mainly attributable to the increase in the net proceeds from the acquisition of financial assets at fair
           value through other comprehensive income of RMB30.998 billion during the year.
     (3)   Net cash flow from financing activities decreased by RMB56.732 billion as compared to 2021,
           mainly attributable to the year-on-year decrease in proceeds received from the issuance of bonds
           and short-term debt instruments of RMB103.961 billion, partially offset by the decrease in the
           repayment of bonds and short-term debt instruments of RMB46.713 billion.




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               57
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



6.   Overview of consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’000

                                             December 31, 2022              December 31, 2021              Increase/Decrease
       Item                                  Amount      Percentage         Amount      Percentage         Amount      Percentage
       Non-current assets
         Property and equipment             1,549,043            0.25%     1,480,506            0.25%       68,537             4.63%
         Right-of-use assets                1,556,646            0.25%     1,643,651            0.28%       -87,005        -5.29%
         Goodwill                               9,671            0.00%         9,671            0.00%            —             0.00%
         Other intangible assets              42,611             0.01%       35,602             0.01%        7,009         19.69%
         Investment in associates          10,745,849            1.76%     9,648,858            1.62%    1,096,991         11.37%
         Equity instruments at fair
           value through other
           comprehensive income             1,628,336            0.27%     1,409,254            0.24%      219,082         15.55%
         Debt instruments at
           amortized cost                     20,411             0.00%      164,506             0.03%     -144,095        -87.59%
         Financial assets held under
            resale agreements                125,199             0.02%      665,863             0.11%     -540,664        -81.20%
         Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss          9,778,342            1.60%    10,577,488            1.77%     -799,146         -7.56%
         Deferred tax assets                1,832,205            0.30%     1,561,415            0.26%      270,790         17.34%
         Other non-current assets            593,169             0.10%      747,041             0.13%     -153,872        -20.60%
       Total non-current assets            27,881,482            4.56%    27,943,855            4.68%       -62,373        -0.22%
       Current assets
         Advances to customers             81,541,116        13.33%       98,686,506        16.52%      -17,145,390       -17.37%
         Current tax assets                  440,274             0.07%      139,954             0.02%      300,320        214.58%
         Account and other
           receivables                      5,820,413            0.95%     5,260,246            0.88%      560,167         10.65%
         Debt instruments at fair
           value through other
           comprehensive income            60,888,528            9.95%    40,582,323            6.80%   20,306,205         50.04%
         Debt instruments at
           amortized cost                    539,149             0.09%      953,120             0.16%     -413,971        -43.43%
         Financial assets held under
            resale agreements              49,455,546            8.09%    38,532,729            6.45%   10,922,817         28.35%
         Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss        231,997,648        37.93%      254,766,790        42.66%      -22,769,142        -8.94%
         Derivative financial assets        3,664,686            0.60%     3,204,641            0.54%      460,045         14.36%
         Other current assets                 37,646             0.01%      197,539             0.03%     -159,893        -80.94%
         Deposits with Exchanges
           and non-bank financial
           institutions                    12,213,224            2.00%    13,141,791            2.20%     -928,567         -7.07%
         Clearing settlement funds         23,804,906            3.89%    25,873,373            4.33%    -2,068,467        -7.99%
         Cash and bank balances           113,377,264        18.54%       87,938,261        14.72%      25,439,003         28.93%
       Total current assets               583,780,400        95.44%      569,277,273        95.32%      14,503,127             2.55%
       Total assets                       611,661,882       100.00%      597,221,128       100.00%      14,440,754             2.42%

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

58
                                                             Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     As at the end of 2022, the total assets of the Company amounted to RMB611.662 billion, increased
by RMB14.441 billion, or 2.42%, as compared to the end of 2021. The total current assets amounted to
RMB583.780 billion and total non-current assets amounted to RMB27.881 billion. The balance of the financial
assets held under resale agreements as at the end of the Reporting Period was RMB49.581 billion, increased
by RMB10.382 billion as compared to the end of 2021. The balance of the cash and bank balances as at the
end of the Reporting Period was RMB113.377 billion, increased by RMB25.439 billion as compared to the
end of 2021. The balance of financial assets1 as at the end of the Reporting Period was RMB308.517 billion,
decreased by RMB3.141 billion as compared to the end of 2021. The balance of advances to customers as at
the end of the Reporting Period was RMB81.541 billion, decreased by RMB17.145 billion as compared to the
end of 2021.
     The Company has maintained satisfactory asset quality and liquidity. Net current assets as at the end
of 2022 amounted to RMB162.012 billion, representing a decrease of RMB40.702 billion, or 20.08%, as
compared to the end of 2021, which was mainly attributable to the growth in financial liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss and bonds payable due within one year.
      As at the end of 2022, the Company’s cash and bank balances and clearing settlement funds, financial
assets, advances to customers and financial assets held under resale agreements, and investment in associates
accounted for 22.43%, 50.44%, 21.44% and 1.76% of total assets, respectively. As compared to the end of
last year, the proportion of cash and bank balances and clearing settlement funds to total assets increased by
3.37 percentage points; the proportion of financial assets to total assets decreased by 1.74 percentage points;
and the proportion of advances to customers and financial assets held under resale agreements to total assets
decreased by 1.65 percentage points.
                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB’000

                                              December 31, 2022             December 31, 2021              Increase/Decrease
      Item                                    Amount      Percentage        Amount      Percentage        Amount       Percentage
      Current liabilities
        Short-term borrowings               10,608,902            2.14%    5,248,006            1.08%    5,360,896        102.15%
        Short-term debt instruments         25,147,999            5.07%   26,935,839            5.56%   -1,787,840         -6.64%
        Placements from banks and
           other financial institutions     10,802,438            2.18%    6,743,717            1.39%    4,058,721         60.19%
        Accounts payable to
          brokerage clients                106,377,654        21.43%      99,605,342        20.55%       6,772,312             6.80%
        Accrued staff costs                  6,461,381            1.30%    8,059,301            1.66%   -1,597,920        -19.83%
        Other payables and accrued
          charges                           27,538,471            5.55%   32,690,883            6.75%   -5,152,412        -15.76%
        Current tax liabilities               181,858             0.04%     553,519             0.11%     -371,661        -67.15%
        Financial liabilities at
           fair value through profit
           or loss                          46,371,940            9.34%   21,320,342            4.40%   25,051,598        117.50%
        Derivative financial liabilities     2,875,039            0.58%    4,616,992            0.95%   -1,741,953        -37.73%

1
     Financial assets = Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income + Debt instruments at
     amortized cost + Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss + Equity instruments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income + Derivative financial assets

                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                 59
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors




                                              December 31, 2022              December 31, 2021              Increase/Decrease
       Item                                   Amount      Percentage         Amount      Percentage         Amount      Percentage
         Financial assets sold under
            repurchase agreements          120,805,473        24.34%      127,417,730        26.29%       -6,612,257        -5.19%
         Lease liabilities                    330,846             0.07%      321,889             0.07%        8,957             2.78%
         Contract liabilities                  63,808             0.01%            —             0.00%       63,808                —
         Provisions                            86,314             0.02%      128,144             0.03%       -41,830       -32.64%
         Long-term borrowings due
           within one year                    895,160             0.18%          642             0.00%      894,518    139,333.02%
         Bonds payable due within
           one year                         63,221,046        12.74%       32,920,742            6.79%   30,300,304         92.04%
       Total current liabilities           421,768,329        84.96%      366,563,088        75.64%      55,205,241         15.06%
       Net current assets                  162,012,071        32.64%      202,714,185        41.83%      -40,702,114       -20.08%
       Total assets less current
         liabilities                       189,893,553        38.25%      230,658,040        47.59%      -40,764,487       -17.67%
       Non-current liabilities
         Accrued staff costs                   97,490             0.02%      223,661             0.05%     -126,171        -56.41%
         Deferred tax liabilities             482,293             0.10%      491,857             0.10%        -9,564        -1.94%
         Financial liabilities at fair
            value through profit or loss     1,372,080            0.28%     1,867,596            0.39%     -495,516        -26.53%
         Deferred income                      112,947             0.02%      116,144             0.02%        -3,197        -2.75%
         Lease liabilities                    912,500             0.18%      995,576             0.21%       -83,076        -8.34%
         Long-term borrowings                 267,981             0.05%      979,540             0.20%     -711,559        -72.64%
         Bonds payable                      71,406,696        14.38%      113,393,215        23.40%      -41,986,519       -37.03%
       Total non-current liabilities        74,651,987        15.04%      118,067,589        24.36%      -43,415,602       -36.77%
       Total liabilities                   496,420,316       100.00%      484,630,677       100.00%      11,789,639             2.43%

     As at the end of 2022, the total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB496.420 billion,
representing an increase of RMB11.790 billion, or 2.43%, as compared to the end of 2021. Of which, the
current liabilities amounted to RMB421.768 billion and non-current liabilities amounted to RMB74.652 billion.
The balance of bonds payable as at the end of the Reporting Period decreased by RMB11.686 billion; and the
balance of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss as at the end of the Reporting Period increased
by RMB24.556 billion. The Company’s liabilities are mainly denominated in Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars
and U.S. dollars. For details of the Company’s borrowing rates, please refer to “Notes 38, 51 and 52 to the
consolidated financial statements” of this report.
     Excluding the accounts payable to brokerage clients, as at the end of the year, the total assets of the
Company amounted to RMB505.284 billion, increased by RMB7.668 billion, or 1.54%, as compared to
the end of 2021, and the total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB390.043 billion, increased by
RMB5.018 billion, or 1.30%, as compared to the end of 2021. The gearing ratio, after deducting accounts
payable to brokerage clients, of the Company was 77.19%, representing a decline of 0.18 percentage point
as compared to the end of 2021.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

60
                                                        Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



                                                                                                    Unit: RMB’000

                                         December 31, 2022          December 31, 2021        Increase/Decrease

      Item                               Amount     Percentage      Amount     Percentage    Amount     Percentage

      Equity

      Share capital                     8,696,526        7.55%     8,696,526        7.72%          —         0.00%

      Other equity instruments         15,000,000       13.02%    15,000,000       13.32%          —         0.00%

      Capital reserve                  40,346,871       35.01%    40,361,022       35.85%     -14,151       -0.04%

      Investment revaluation
        reserve of financial assets
        at fair value through other
        comprehensive income             -180,630       -0.16%      196,165         0.17%    -376,795     -192.08%

      Foreign currency translation
        reserve                          238,056         0.21%      -227,414       -0.20%    465,470             —

      General reserves                 22,278,999       19.33%    20,744,058       18.42%   1,534,941        7.40%

      Retained profits                 28,779,256       24.97%    27,732,673       24.63%   1,046,583        3.77%

      Equity attributable to
        shareholders of the
        Company                       115,159,078       99.93%   112,503,030       99.92%   2,656,048        2.36%

      Non-controlling interests           82,488         0.07%       87,421         0.08%      -4,933       -5.64%

      Total equity                    115,241,566      100.00%   112,590,451      100.00%   2,651,115        2.35%

      As at the end of 2022, the equity attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to
RMB115.159 billion, representing an increase of RMB2.656 billion, or 2.36%, as compared to the end of
2021. This year, profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB8.072 billion; dividends
distributed to shareholders amounted to RMB4.696 billion; and interest payable for perpetual bonds
amounted to RMB782 million.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 61
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



7.        Overseas assets

          Overseas assets amounted to RMB42.742 billion, accounting for 6.99% of total assets.


(II)      Analysis of investment

1.        General analysis of external equity investments

      During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any new external equity investment. During the
year, the Company recovered its investment in Hunan China Merchants Xiangjiang Industry Management Co.,
Ltd., an associated company, of RMB7.20 million.


2.        Financial assets measured at fair value

                                                                                                 Unit: 10,000 Yuan Currency: RMB

                                    Profit and
                                     loss from    Cumulative                                          Disposal/
                                   changes in     changes in     Impairment          Purchase      redemption
                                 fair value for    fair value   provision for      amount for       amount for
                     Opening       the current    included in    the current       the current      the current       Other          Closing
 Asset Class          amount            period        equity          period           period           period      changes         amount

 Bonds           19,562,018.39      -90,189.67    -20,393.39       -1,517.96    177,023,551.91   175,578,768.95    32,638.44   20,928,856.73

 Funds            2,375,646.16      -33,598.22              -              –     92,382,567.77    89,737,199.07    20,496.94    5,007,913.59

 Stocks           1,968,557.09    -112,089.57     -28,446.14               –     21,176,032.07    20,515,019.57    25,180.00    2,514,213.88

 Derivatives       -141,234.97     230,497.83              –               –             –                –       -10,298.23      78,964.63

 Others           6,827,363.91    -277,568.24              –               –      2,751,957.23     7,381,044.37    57,592.61    1,978,301.14

 Total           30,592,350.58    -282,947.87     -48,839.53       -1,517.96    293,334,108.98   293,212,031.96   125,609.76   30,508,249.96



(III) Analysis of principal subsidiaries and companies in which the Company has a non-controlling
      interest

1.        Analysis of subsidiaries

(1)       China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd.

     CMS Asset Management is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered
capital of RMB1 billion. It is principally engaged in securities asset management.
     As at the end of 2022, the total assets of CMS Asset Management amounted to RMB5.414 billion and
the net assets amounted to RMB5.032 billion. In 2022, it recorded total revenue, other income and gains of
RMB1.034 billion and net profit of RMB404 million.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

62
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   China Merchants Securities International Company Limited

     CMS International is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a paid-up capital of
HK$6.454 billion. Through its subsidiaries, CMS International is principally engaged in securities and futures
contracts brokerage, listing sponsorship, financial advisory, corporate finance, investment management, asset
management, market research and other businesses as permitted by regulatory rules of the place where its
subsidiaries operate.
      As at the end of 2022, the total assets of CMS International amounted to HK$47.900 billion and the net
assets amounted to HK$9.184 billion. In 2022, it recorded total revenue, other income and gains of HK$747
million and net loss of HK$304 million. During the Reporting Period, CMS International was reaffirmed by
Moody’s Baa2 rating, and the long-term outlook remained “stable”.


(3)   China Merchants Futures Co., Limited

     China Merchants Futures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered
capital of RMB3.598 billion. Its principal businesses include commodity futures brokerage, financial futures
brokerage, futures investment consultation and asset management. As at the end of 2022, China Merchants
Futures has four futures branches in Beijing, Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hangzhou, one branch office in
Henan and one risk management subsidiary, i.e. China Merchants Securities Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (招
證資本投資有限公司).
     As at the end of 2022, the total assets of China Merchants Futures amounted to RMB41.042 billion and
the net assets amounted to RMB4.808 billion. In 2022, it recorded total revenue, other income and gains of
RMB2.499 billion and net profit of RMB361 million.


(4)   China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd.

     CMS Zhiyuan is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered capital of
RMB2.1 billion and a paid-up capital of RMB1.8 billion. It is principally engaged in private equity investment
funds and related consultancy and advisory services and other businesses as permitted by regulatory
authorities.
      As at the end of 2022, the total assets of CMS Zhiyuan amounted to RMB4.188 billion and the net assets
attributable to the parent company amounted to RMB2.113 billion. In 2022, it recorded total revenue, other
income and gains of RMB124 million and net loss attributable to the parent company of RMB4.55 million.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          63
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(5)   China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd.

     CMS Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Securities with a registered capital
of RMB10.1 billion and a paid-up capital of RMB7.1 billion. It is principally engaged in alternative investment
businesses such as financial products and equity investment other than those listed in the List of Securities
Investments for Proprietary Trading of Securities Companies (《證券公司證券自營投資品種清單》).
      As at the end of 2022, the total assets of CMS Investment amounted to RMB9.888 billion and the net
assets amounted to RMB9.271 billion. In 2022, it recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB651
million and net profit of RMB450 million.


2.    Analysis of companies in which the Company has a non-controlling interest

(1)   Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited

     The Company holds 49% equity interest in Bosera Funds. Bosera Funds was established on July 13, 1998
as one of the first five mutual fund management companies in mainland China. Its business scope includes
fund raising, sales of funds, asset management and other businesses permitted by the CSRC.
    As at the end of 2022, Bosera Funds recorded total assets of RMB11.788 billion and net assets
of RMB8.303 billion. In 2022, it recorded operating income of RMB5.316 billion and net profit of
RMB1.724 billion.


(2)   China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.

     The Company holds 45% equity interest in China Merchants Fund. China Merchants Fund was
established on December 27, 2002. Its business scope includes fund management, promotion and
establishment of funds and other businesses approved by the CSRC.
      As at the end of 2022, China Merchants Fund recorded total assets of RMB12.310 billion and net assets
of RMB8.175 billion. In 2022, it recorded operating income of RMB5.757 billion and net profit of RMB1.813
billion.


(IV) Structured entities controlled by the Company

      As of December 31, 2022, the Group consolidated 56 structured entities, including mainly asset
management schemes, investment funds and limited partnership. Under the circumstance that the Group
is involved in a structured entity as manager and investor, the Group comprehensively assesses whether its
potential variable returns will be significantly affected by the returns attributable to its investment and the
remuneration as a manager and whether the Group is a principal responsible person of the entity. As of
December 31, 2022, the total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB22.474 billion.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

64
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(V) Financing

1.   Financing channels and financing capabilities

      The Company has established diversified financing channels. The Company engages in equity financing
through additional issuance, rights issue and other means. Through corporate bonds, subordinated bonds,
perpetual subordinated bonds, financial bonds, offshore bonds, short-term financing bonds, income
certificates, placement from other financial institutions, interbank borrowing and repurchase, bank
borrowings and etc., the Company engages in debt financing. The Company has strong financing capabilities
for both domestic and international markets. The Company arranges the types of financing according to its
operation and business development needs, and constantly optimizes its financing structure.


2.   Liability structure

     As at the end of 2022, total liabilities of the Company amounted to RMB496.420 billion. Excluding the
amount of accounts payables to brokerage clients, total liabilities amounted to RMB390.043 billion. Of which,
bonds payable amounted to RMB134.628 billion, accounting for 34.52% of liabilities; long-term borrowings
amounted to RMB1.163 billion, accounting for 0.30% of liabilities; financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements amounted to RMB120.805 billion, accounting for 30.97% of liabilities; short-term borrowings
amounted to RMB10.609 billion, accounting for 2.72% of liabilities; and placements from banks and other
financial institutions amounted to RMB10.802 billion, accounting for 2.77% of liabilities. Currently, the
Company has no debts overdue. The solvency of the Company is strong and the liquidity risk is controllable.


3.   Liquidity management

     In respect of liquidity management, the Company aims to ensure its liquidity safety and meet the needs
of business development. In a normal operation environment, the Company aims to maintain sufficient capital
to meet the needs of business development. In stressful situations, the Company aims to maintain sufficient
buffer capacity to release cash flows and ensure the capital requirements in unconventional circumstances.
      The Treasury Department of the Company is responsible for the allocation of capital, coordination of
capital planning, management of capital positions and capital requirements, and daily monitoring of cash
positions and cash flow gaps.
       By analyzing and monitoring the size and structure of assets and liabilities, the Company ensures that
the size and duration of its assets and liabilities are able to meet its business development needs, while also
maintains premium liquid assets at a reasonable and sufficient level. The Company has formulated a multi-
tier liquidity risk indicator limit management system based on its risk appetite, and monitors the performance
of each risk indicator on a daily basis. The Company monitors and analyzes the development of each business
in a timely manner, and on such basis, uses risk assessment approaches such as sensitivity analysis, stress test
and VaR analysis to dynamically monitor the liquidity risk of business development, and takes corresponding
risk management measures. The Company has established an internal risk reporting system so that it can
be promptly aware of the liquidity risk of each business and take corresponding measures to ensure the
safety, stability and sustainability of each business. The Company has formulated an emergency management
system to deal with the shortage of funds, and organizes emergency plans and conducts regular drills and
evaluations. The Company actively expands its financing channels, and meets various needs for capital in
its business process through diverse financing approaches. During the year, the Company’s liquidity risk
indicators performed well. It had adequate liquid assets, and the liquidity of asset allocation continued to
maintain at a high level.
                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            65
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(VI) Business innovation and risk control during the Reporting Period

1.   Business innovation during the Reporting Period

    In 2022, guided by technology and driven by innovation, the Company rolled out a series of innovative
products and services aiming at the new opportunities in capital market services and the increasingly
abundant new demand of clients, so as to facilitate business development.
      In terms of technological innovation, the Company strengthened the top-tier design and organization
of digital transformation, established the digital transformation committee, and continued to enhance the
digital transformation project management office (PMO) working mechanism, in order to better facilitate
the implementation of digital transformation strategies. The Company carried out comprehensive and
in-depth rectification for the security incidents of its information system, and improved the long-term
mechanism for security management, with an aim to achieving refined management of technology. In terms
of wealth management, the Company optimized its social service platforms, i.e. the CMS APP, “CMS wealth
management +” (招商證券財富+) WeChat Mini Program and corporate WeChat account, and upgraded
clients’ experience, and initially established an integrated online + offline marketing service system, ranking
1st in terms of the average monthly visit duration of APP users and 5th in terms of the average monthly active
users (MAU) of the APP among large-scale securities firms. In terms of institutional business, the Company’s
self-developed investment management system has been deeply integrated with its margin financing and
securities lending, OTC derivatives as well as custody and fund administrative service businesses, and has
become its distinctive professional trading service platform, thereby satisfying the demand of institutional
clients for one-stop comprehensive financial services. The integrated operation platform for institutional
transactions has supported the onlineization of 53 business scenarios, increasing the overall efficiency
by approximately 40%. In terms of investment banking, the Company further advanced online project
management and control, improved project quality and efficiency through transaction verification and
intelligent complementary review, and established the enterprise-level CRM platform, thereby supporting
the full-process digital service system for corporate clients. In terms of investment, the new generation
of OTC derivatives platform based on cloud-native architecture was the first platform to enable full life-
cycle electronic management for all varieties, thereby meeting the needs for integrated transactions and
management, and improving clients’ satisfaction. The field-programmable gate array (FPGA) OTC system for
options market making has fully supported options market making on the SSE and SZSE, thereby significantly
improving trading performance. The real-time bond pricing and portfolio analysis capabilities of the “Tianyan”
(天研) research platform have taken the industry-leading positions.
      In terms of business innovation, for investment banking, the Company focused on technological
finance, green finance and other relevant fields, seized business development opportunities under the goal
of “emission peak and carbon neutrality”, and actively explored innovative businesses such as infrastructure
REITs, so as to serve the high-quality development of the real economy. For investment and trading, the
Company vigorously promoted the innovative businesses of financial trading, and its listed derivatives market
making qualifications increased to 70, ranking 1st among securities firms. The Company obtained the stock
market making qualification on the STAR Market of the SSE and was among the first batch of firms to initiate
the business, and ranked among the top three in the industry in terms of the number of market making
projects. For custody and fund administrative service business, the Company was the first in the industry to roll
out market innovative services such as T0 valuation as well as T0 subscription and redemption confirmation,
and successfully launched innovative businesses such as cross-border administrative manager services and
foreign-funded mutual fund administrative services.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

66
                                                 Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



2.   Risk control for innovative business

     ①    The Company has established a decision-making and management structure for innovative
          activities and formulated relevant management systems to ensure that all innovative activities
          are carried out in compliance with relevant laws and regulations under reasonable risk control.
          The Company has standardized and clarified the processes of new business application, risk
          assessment, approval, implementation and review to ensure that new businesses can be developed
          and operated in a standardized and stable manner where risks are controllable, measurable and
          tolerable.
     ②    The Company has established a risk monitoring and pre-warning system for innovative activities,
          designed various monitoring indicators and risk limits based on the risk characteristics of innovative
          activities and tracked the risk dynamics of innovative business in real time. The Company provides
          risk alerts to business departments in a timely manner when there are abnormalities in the risk
          indicators, so as to ensure that the risk exposure to innovative activities is always kept within an
          acceptable range as far as the Company’s net capital and liquidity are concerned.
     ③    The Company has continuously strengthened the audit and supervision of innovative business,
          and constantly improved the internal control and risk response capabilities of innovative business.
          The Company’s audit department pays close attention to innovative business in audits and, based
          on the issues identified, cooperates with the management department of relevant innovative
          business for analysis and discussion, in order to determine rectification measures and supervise the
          rectification by the management department of relevant innovative business, thereby continuously
          improving internal control of innovative business.


(VII) Establishment and disposal of branches

     During the Reporting Period, China Merchants Securities prepared to establish one branch in Xiong’an
New Area, Hebei Province, and prepared to establish five securities branches in places such as Shenzhen,
Hangzhou, Foshan and Yantai. 26 securities branches completed intra-city relocation, and no branches or
securities branches were closed.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            67
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



VI. Discussion and Analysis of Future Development of the Company

(I)   Industry pattern and trend

1.    Reform and development of the capital market

      First, new steps have been taken in the construction of a modern capital market with Chinese
characteristics. The 20th National Congress of the CCP devised a grand blueprint for the comprehensive
advancement of Chinese modernization, and put forward the requirements of “improving the functions
of the capital market and increasing the proportion of direct financing”. As such, the capital market is
moving towards the characteristics of standardization, transparency, openness, vitality and resilience. The
comprehensive reform of the registration-based IPO system has been implemented as scheduled, and stock
and bond financing has grown steadily. The market structure has been significantly optimized, and the multi-
tier market system has been continuously enhanced. The capital market provides efficient support for strategic
emerging industries and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises, thereby facilitating the virtuous circle of
“technology–industry–finance”.
     Second, the high-level institutional opening-up of the capital market has been gradually
broadened. Supported by the advancement of institutional opening-up of markets, institutions and products,
the implementation of the filing system for overseas listing of enterprises has been expedited, and China
and the United States have formed a normalized cooperation mechanism for auditing to maintain smooth
channels for overseas listings. The Hong Kong Stock Connect has continued to expand, thereby facilitating the
coordinated development between the Hong Kong and Chinese markets.
     Third, “stability” is the basis for market development. The reform on the investment side is
accelerating, and policies have been promulgated to increase the participation of social security funds,
insurance funds, enterprise annuities and other medium and long-term funds in the market, and to launch a
market for investment in mutual funds using pensions as soon as practicable. Risks in key areas such as private
fund and bond defaults have been resolved in a stable and orderly manner, and institutional documents have
been promulgated to strengthen the monitoring, analysis and response to cross-market, cross-border and
cross-sector risks, and to improve the risk prevention, early warning, mitigation and accountability system of
the capital market, in order to firmly safeguard the bottom line against risk.


2.    Development of and competition in the securities industry

     The rapid development of the capital market has boosted the development and growth of the securities
industry, and the industry has transformed and upgraded in the aspect of institutional business, wealth
management and industrial investment banking. There is a continuous trend of A share institutionalization,
and the institutional client base has grown, creating huge development potentials for institutional business.
The demand of institutional clients has shown a trend of comprehensiveness, customization and cross-border
investment, which have put forward higher comprehensive requirements for securities firms. Top securities
firms have advantages in terms of organizational structure, license qualification, capital strength, product
design, risk management and sales channels, thereby being in the forefront of reform. Wealth management
has continued to be benefited from the transfer of residents’ asset allocation to equity assets, and the
brokerage business of securities firms has transformed from a trading-oriented model to an asset allocation-
oriented wealth management buyer model. The registration-based IPO system has put forward higher
requirements on the pricing and investment research capabilities of investment banking business. Focusing
on the upstream and downstream industrial chain and the entire lifecycle of enterprises, investment banks
provide integrated services across the entire business chain, and the transformation from the integration and
coordination of “investment, research and investment banking” to industrial investment banking has become
a key transformation direction of the industry.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

68
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      Along with the development of the industry, the competition of securities firms has shown
the following characteristics: First, capital is still an important competitive factor. Along with the
rapid development of businesses such as OTC derivatives as well as margin financing and securities lending,
there has been increasing integration between the capital-based business and service intermediary business
of securities firms, thereby promoting the continuous assets growth of the industry. Securities firms actively
implement equity financing to meet the capital requirements arising from rapid business growth. Second,
platform-based competition has become increasingly prominent. Along with the growth of institutional
investors, clients’ demand has shown the characteristics of diversification, complexity and customization.
Securities firms are transforming from individual teams to platform competition, and from the previous
business model of a single product and independent business operation to the new business model of offering
“client-oriented” comprehensive services and comprehensive pricing. Third, leading securities firms are
developing in all respects, while small and medium-sized securities firms are establishing their
comparative edges in segmented fields. Leading firms are oriented towards scale expansion to build an
all-round securities firm. Some small and medium-sized securities firms hope to use financial technology to
overtake other firms; some are differentiated in the field of wealth management; some have developed in the
direction of boutique investment banks; and some with stronger regional background have formed unique
competitive edges in local regions.


(II)   Development strategies of the Company

      From 2019 to 2023, the Company has upheld its strategic vision of “being client-oriented and
becoming the best investment bank in China with international competitiveness” and complied with the
overall requirements of “advocating quality first, prioritizing efficiency and maintaining moderate scale”,
so as to accomplish the strategic goal of “becoming one of the top five in the industry in terms of overall
competitiveness”. The Company has implemented the “reform strategies”, pursued long-term value creation,
upheld the new development concept of “innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing”, and
strived to achieve high-quality and sustainable development.
      Moving forward along the direction of high-quality development, the Company has adhered to the
strategic principle of “expanding capital-light business while strengthening capital-intensive business”,
intensified reform, transformation and technological innovation, continuously improved its business model,
optimized its business structure, and enhanced development momentum. During the planning period,
upholding the client-oriented principle, the Company will implement five core strategies. First, it will expedite
the establishment of a modern investment bank, and give play to the value-driven role of investment
bank. Second, it will build a comprehensive wealth management service provider, and consolidate the
comprehensive service advantages of institutional clients. Third, it will promote the integrated development
of capital business and service business, so as to enhance comprehensive financial service capabilities. Fourth,
it will accelerate digital transformation and increase investment in financial technology, so as to build a
“technology-enabled” system. Fifth, it will strengthen five core strategies including the integration of cross-
border services and the enhancement of cross-border business service capabilities, so as to provide clients with
one-stop comprehensive services and continuously improve overall competitiveness. Meanwhile, during the
planning period, the Company will focus on building the “five” core capabilities of risk control, technology,
talent cultivation, collaboration and capital, so as to support the sound development of each business of the
Company.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             69
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(III) Potential risks

     During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to explore new risk management practices and
approaches to ensure its long-term and sustainable development. Details of the risk management profile
and relevant measures in relation to the market risk, credit risk, operational risk, liquidity risk and other risks
during the business operation of the Company are as follows:


1.    Risk management

(1)   Risk management structure

     Since inception, the Company has been committed to establishing an innovative and insightful risk
management system that is aligned with its operation strategies and deeply rooted in its core business lines
comprehensively. Sound corporate governance and effective risk management and internal control system
have been put in place to cope with the risks in the securities market faced by the Company.
      In accordance with the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Companies (《證券公司內部控制指
引》) and the Norms for the Overall Risk Management of Securities Companies (《證券公司全面風險管理規
範》), and taking into account its operational needs, the Company has taken the lead in establishing a five-level
risk management structure, consisting of strategic arrangements of the Board, supervision and inspection of
the Supervisory Committee, risk management decision of the senior management and the Risk Management
Committee, risk control and supervision of relevant departments in charge of risk management and the direct
management of other departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

70
                                                               Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



    The chart below sets out the risk management organizational structure of the Company:
                                       Risk Management Organizational Structure

                                               Maximize Interests of Shareholders

                                                 Shareholders’ General Meeting



                                                     Strategic Arrangement and
                                                       Risk Appetite Approval

                                                         Board of Directors
                                                                                                      Supervision and Inspection

                                                    Risk Management Committee                           Supervisory Committee



                                                    Risk Management Decisions

                                                           Management


                                                    Risk Management Committee



                        Securities        Credit                          Capital       Investment Banking
                       Investment          Risk          Valuation      Commitment         Business Risk
                       Committee        Committee        Committee       Committee       Policy Committee




             Before Trading:                                                                                   Post Trading:
            Self-Management                   During Trading: Independent Risk Management                Supervision and Evaluation


         Business                         Risk           Treasury        Legal and    General                Audit Department
        Departments     Subsidiaries   Management       Department      Compliance     Office     ⋯           and Supervision
                                       Department                       Department                              Department


     The overall risk management responsibilities of each department/position in the risk management
organizational structure of the Company are as follows:
    ①     The Board and its Risk Management Committee are responsible for reviewing and approving the
          overall risk management system, risk appetite, risk tolerance and various risk limit indicators of the
          Company, convening quarterly meetings to review quarterly risk reports and thoroughly assessing
          the risk management of the Company.
    ②     The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising and examining the operation of the
          overall risk management system of the Company.




                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                      71
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     ③     The senior management is fully responsible for the risk management in the Company’s business
           operation. They regularly review risk assessment reports, formulate risk management measures
           and establish risk limit indicators. The Risk Management Committee was set up under the
           senior management as the highest risk management decision-making body at the operation
           level. The Company has also appointed a Chief Risk Officer to oversee the formation of the
           overall risk management system, monitor, evaluate and report the enterprise risk level, and
           provide risk management advice for business decision-making of the Company. In addition,
           the Securities Investment Committee, Credit Risk Committee, Valuation Committee, Capital
           Commitment Committee and Investment Banking Business Risk Policy Committee were set up
           under the Risk Management Committee and responsible for making collective decisions based on
           experts’ suggestions on issues relating to securities investment, credit risk, securities valuation,
           capital commitment risks and investment banking business risk within their respective scope of
           authorization. The risk management of subsidiaries is managed by the enterprise risk management
           system of the Company through vertical management approach. The person-in-charge of risk
           management of subsidiaries shall be nominated, appointed, removed and appraised by the Chief
           Risk Officer of the Company.
     ④     As the department in-charge of coordinating the Company’s management over market, credit
           and operational risks, the Risk Management Department is responsible for managing the market
           risks and credit risks, as well as assisting and guiding other business departments in managing
           operational risks of the Company. As the department in-charge of the liquidity risk management
           of the Company, the Treasury Department is responsible for managing liquidity risks and the
           formation of the liquidity risk management system. The Legal and Compliance Department is
           responsible for managing the compliance and legal risks as well as money laundering risks of the
           Company and assisting the Chief Compliance Officer in reviewing, supervising and examining
           the compliance over the business operations and practice of the Company and its employees,
           and promoting the implementation of work in relation to anti-money laundering. The Risk
           Management Department and the General Office are responsible for managing the reputational
           risks of the Company and other departments of the Company perform front-line responsibilities
           for reputation risk management. The Audit Department is responsible for auditing and examining
           the effectiveness and execution of the risk management procedures of the Company as well as
           conducting an overall evaluation of the internal control system of the Company at least once a
           year.
     ⑤     Each of the business departments, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company
           is directly responsible for risk management and supervision of their respective business and
           management fields.
     The Company has established a “three lines of defense” system of risk management to identify, assess,
address, monitor, inspect and report risks. The first line of defense is the departments and branches which
conduct effective self-regulated risk management; the second line of defense is the relevant risk-control
functions that carry out professional measures on risk management; and the third line of defense is post-event
supervision and evaluation conducted by the Audit Department and Supervision Department.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

72
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(2)   Risk management system

     Guided by the Overall Risk Management System of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券
股份有限公司全面風險管理制度》) and the Rules of Procedures for Risk Management Committee of the
Board of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《 招商證券股份有限公司董事會風險管理委員會工作規則》),
the Company has developed a risk management system that covers various risk exposures including overall,
market, credit, operational, liquidity, reputation and money laundering risks and specifies the boundaries and
general principles of each risk category.


(3)   Quantitative risk management indicator system

      The Company has on a top-down basis established a quantitative risk management indicator system
covering risk appetite, risk tolerance, economic capital and risk limit, so as to prioritize businesses with higher
risk-adjusted returns for resources allocation. This approach has effectively improved the risk management
and the corporate value of the Company.
      ①    Coherent risk appetite and tolerance indicators: Risk appetite framework establishes the
           fundamental attitude of the Board and the senior management towards the balance between risk
           and return based on the analysis of various risk exposures of the Company. Risk tolerance refers to
           quantitative limit indicators reflecting the effectiveness of risk management set by the Company for
           each specific business segment based on risk appetite and the characteristics of different business
           segments, in order to specify the maximum tolerance range for risk management results. After
           years of effort, the Company has developed clear risk appetite descriptions covering risk types
           such as overall risk, market risk, credit risk, operational risk and liquidity risk, based on which a
           risk appetite indicator system and a risk tolerance indicator system were established. The Company
           sets its targets of risk appetite and risk tolerance at the beginning of each year and determines
           economic capital budget and business authorization accordingly. The Company monitors and
           reports risk appetite and risk tolerance on a monthly basis, and continuously reviews the risk
           management based on the results.
      ②    Scientific economic capital management model: The Company took the lead to introduce an
           economic capital management model in the securities industry in 2006, and kept on optimizing
           the methodologies on economic capital measurement and improving the economic capital
           management process. Our economic capital management covered market risk, credit risk and
           operational risk. The Company has developed internal models to measure market risk and credit
           risk of the economic capital that are sufficiently sensitive to risk factors and practically sound. It
           measured operational risks according to the standards under the Basel Accords. The measurement
           of economic capital is generally used in areas such as risk monitoring, quantitative assessment and
           performance assessment.
      ③    Business authorization management system with the core of risk limits: Within the statutory
           business scope, the Company granted business authorization at different levels based on the risk
           rating of the decision-making matters. The Company granted authorization prudently based on the
           risk management capability, implementation of business authorization and actual risk management
           results of each business department, so as to improve decision-making efficiency while keeping the
           risks under control. Unauthorized operations are strictly prohibited. Authorized persons at each
           level must exercise their power and undertake business activities only within the authorized scope,
           and must not exceed their authorities.



                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               73
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      ④    Comprehensive stress testing mechanism: The Company established the Administrative
           Regulations for Stress Testing (《壓力測試管理規範》), which specified the division of duties among
           departments in stress test and determined the methods and procedures of stress test. The Company
           conducts routine or ad hoc stress test on liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk, as well as net
           capital and other risk limit indicators, based on business and market development. With this
           approach, the Company can effectively evaluate changes in the operation and risk profiles under
           extreme circumstances.


(4)   Risk management culture

      The Company adheres to a sound risk management culture and has integrated risk control and
compliance into the corporate culture of China Merchants Securities, emphasizing that compliance and
risk control are the lifeline of the Company and proposing that “professional compliance and risk control
can not only hold the bottom line, but also facilitate business expansion”. Through promotion platforms at
different levels, the Company carried out professional training and salon activities covering key risk areas,
risk management policies and major risk warning cases, and established a risk case column to promote its
risk management culture, so as to ensure all the employees to exercise risk management. The Company
safeguarded the effectiveness of its comprehensive risk management system through a performance appraisal
system and an accountability mechanism which cover all employees and are linked to the effectiveness of risk
management.


(5)   Risk management IT system

      The Company fully understood the importance of IT system in modern risk management. With the
innovative establishment of the platform for intelligent integrated risk management of the Group with
reference to the experience drawn from international leading investment banks, the Company realized the
idea of vertically managing risks which were associated with cross-border businesses of the parent company
and its subsidiaries, globalization and multiple currencies in T+1 days, providing quantitative data support for
risk management and business decision-making.
      The platform for intelligent integrated risk management of the Group automatically captures, calculates
and integrates various basic data through construction of risk models, measurement of risk indicators,
statistical analysis of historical data and other methodologies, and realizes the accurate submission of
various regulatory reports and the monitoring and early warning of all risk limits of the parent company
and its subsidiaries. Through the risk data collection of the Group, internal and external data sources such
as business data and information data can be integrated, thereby continuously optimizing the functions
of data collection, theme model design, data standards and data quality check as well as the risk data
management mechanism, and realizing the integrated collection of risk information of the parent company
and its subsidiaries. By optimizing the market risk management system and market risk measurement
engine, the Company is able to enhance the functions of market risk indicator library and multi-dimensional
analysis report, product measurement interface and stress testing, and improve the accuracy of market risk
measurement and efficiency of market risk monitoring. By optimizing the credit risk management system,
negative information client system and internal credit rating engine, the Company is able to improve the
functions of rules for measurement of counterparty risk exposure, introduction of new sources of negative
public opinion as well as optimization of same client management and rating query management, and
enhance the capabilities of credit risk identification, measurement, monitoring and early warning. By
optimizing the operational risk management system, the Company is able to enhance the functions of
operational risk event management as well as operational risk and control assessment modules, and improve
the efficiency of operational risk management. All subordinate risk systems are built upon the data collection
and integrated on the same platform through the risk management cockpit, thereby realizing single sign-on
and unified authority management. The Company’s overall risk profile can be displayed through a unified risk
control view.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

74
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     The Group’s intelligent integrated risk management platform and each subordinate system have
industry-leading level of risk data governance. They have sound system scalability, and support the efficient
quantitative risk monitoring and consolidated vertical management of the parent company and subsidiaries
of the Group in T+1 days. This has significantly improved the efficiency of risk management and the digital
capabilities of risk control, thereby laying a solid foundation for the business development and innovation of
the Company.


2.    Market risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The market risk of the Company is the risk of losses on its investment portfolio due to adverse changes
in market conditions. The investment portfolio of the Company includes portfolios covering equity, fixed-
income, commodity, foreign exchange and equity investment. Major market risks of the Company include:
      ①    equity risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in prices and volatility of equity
           securities such as stocks, stock portfolio and stock index futures;
      ②    interest rate risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to yield curve of fixed-income investment,
           interest rate movements and credit spreads;
      ③    commodity risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in spot commodity prices,
           forward commodity prices and volatility;
      ④    exchange rate risk: attributable to portfolio risk exposure to changes in spot exchange rate, forward
           exchange rate and volatility;
      ⑤    equity investment risk: attributable to the risk exposure to changes in fair value of equity
           investment projects and private equity funds investment.


(2)   Market risk management approaches

      In order to manage the market risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    a comprehensive, multi-currency and cross-market risk management system;
      ②    generic and specific market risk management methods.
      Through these measures, the Company has robustly controlled the market risk. However, the usage
and effectiveness of such measures are subject to certain limitations and various factors, such as hedging
effectiveness, changes in market liquidity and relevance of hedging prices. Therefore, based on market
development and changes in the portfolio as well as real-time and accurate assessment of market risk, the
Company has continuously improved and adjusted the risk management measures to actively manage market
risk.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             75
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Responsibilities for managing market risk

      The Company collectively allocates the economic capital in accordance with a series of risk appetite
and tolerance indicators set by the Board. By considering the risk and return associated with each type of
investment and for the purpose of relevance and diversification, the Company allocates the overall risk
limitation to different business departments and business lines and formulates corresponding business
authorization. Directly confronted with the market risk, the front-office business departments are responsible
for risk management as the first line of defense. The person-in-charge and the investment manager conduct
trades and front-line risk management within the scope of authorization by virtue of their in-depth knowledge
and extensive experience in the relevant markets and products. They dynamically control the market risk
exposures to the securities held by the Company and actively take risk management measures to reduce
or hedge against such risks. The Risk Management Department, which is a department responsible for
supervision and management independent from the business departments and reports to the Chief Risk
Officer, uses professional risk management tools and methods for controlling, evaluating and managing
different levels of market risk from investment strategies, business departments and business lines and the
Company. Different risk reports and analysis and assessment reports of corresponding levels are delivered
on a daily, monthly and quarterly basis to the operation management and the responsible officers of the
business departments and business lines of the Company. When a risk indicator is approaching or exceeds
the threshold values, the Risk Management Department will send an early warning and risk warning to
the operation management as well as the responsible officers of the relevant business departments and
business lines of the Company in a timely manner. Based on the review opinions from the management of
the Company and committee, the business departments will be urged to take corresponding measures. The
Risk Management Department will continuously communicate with the respective business departments and
business lines with regard to the latest market conditions, current risk exposures and possible extreme stress
situations.


(4)   Measurement of market risk

      The Company uses a series of risk measurement approaches to measure and analyze potential market
risk losses under different market situations. The Company mainly employs VaR as the risk measurement
instrument to measure potential losses from regular market fluctuation in the short-term. Stress test is also
used to assess possible losses under extreme circumstances.


①     VaR

      The Company employs VaR, a common instrument used by international financial institutions, as its
major tool for risk measurement. VaR analysis is a statistical technique that estimates the potential losses that
could occur in portfolio positions due to movements in market prices over a specified time period and at a
given level of confidence. The Company uses a VaR with a confidence level of 95% and a holding period of
one day as major indicators for measuring the market risk. Historical market data is used in the VaR model.
It also takes into account the impact of relevant risk factors in various risk types such as equity, interest rate,
commodity and exchange rate on the portfolio position of the Company. In this way, movement in the market
risk arising from changes in securities prices, interest rate/yield curve, commodity prices and exchange rate,
etc. can be measured and the diversified effects of the portfolio are also considered.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

76
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     With an ongoing expansion of the businesses, the Company continues to refine the VaR model actively,
including adding risk factors in the new market and optimizing the computation. In addition, the Company
examines the accuracy of the VaR computation model continuously through methods such as a backtesting.
For certain particular investment portfolio of the Company (such as equity investment including direct equity
investment, equity funds investment and structured equity investment) lack of liquidity, VaR may not be
considered as an effective measure for risk calculation. Therefore, the Company has followed the industry
practice to forecast the potential effect by assuming that the value of assets invested drops for a certain
percentage.


②     Stress test

     Stress test is an integral and complementary instrument in the VaR risk measurement. Potential losses on
the portfolio position under extreme circumstances were evaluated through stress test. Potential losses from
a single risk factor or specific stressful circumstance were also assessed. Through analysis of risk and return,
the Company examined the compliance of various key regulatory indicators as well as the bearing on the
Company. For non-linear options portfolios, the Company established a stress test matrix based on the subject
and the fluctuation ratio and conducted daily stress test so as to control significant tail risks.


③     Sensitivity analysis

     The Company has also conducted sensitivity analysis on certain risk factors, including interest rate and
exchange rate, to analyze their potential effects by measuring the possible changes in the assets and liabilities
portfolio when the specific risk factor is assumed to have changed by a certain rate while all other factors
remain constant.


(5)   Market risk limit management system

      The Company has already established relevant risk limit indicator system at different levels of
departments, business lines and trading strategies, in order to control the fluctuation of profit and loss
and market risk exposure. The risk limit of the Company is determined with reference to the risk appetite
and tolerance after taking into account the investment features, risks and effects on overall risk exposures
of different operations. The risk limit is adjusted based on the market environment, business development
needs and risks of the Company. The risk limit of the Company mainly comprises size, concentration ratio,
quantitative risk value (including VaR and Greeks, etc.), stop-loss and other indicators. The Company has
implemented a classified review system and respective sub-limit indicators within the risk limit are applied
to business departments, business lines and investment managers. The operation management is able to
effectively manage the overall risk exposure of the Company with risk indicators at the Company level.
Business departments, business lines and investment managers are able to enter into transactions effectively
within the scope of sub-limit indicators. Sub-risk limit indicators, therefore, do not serve as maximum risk
tolerance for the corresponding business but mainly a mechanism which reports any increasing risks in
risk management when certain conditions are fulfilled. The Risk Management Department independently
monitors each risk limit of the Company on a daily basis. The department will warn or remind the operation
management, relevant business departments and business lines in a timely manner if the risk limit is to be
reached or is exceeded. Such business departments and business lines will issue analysis reports and propose
appropriate measures and, according to the specific condition, reduce risk exposures or increase risk threshold
based on the authorization system. The Company has continuously optimized the risk limit system and
enriched the risk limit system for the Company, business departments, business lines and trading strategies
based on the existing indicators and pursuant to the business development and risk management of the
Company. Specific rules or guidelines have been set up and the limit system was further optimized.

                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             77
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



3.    Credit risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The credit risk of the Company refers to the risk of economic loss caused by the failure of a borrower
or counterparty to fulfill their contractual obligations. Our credit risk arises primarily from the following four
businesses:
      ①    financing businesses such as securities lending, stock pledge repo and margin financing in which
           clients breach the contract and cannot repay the debts owed to the Company;
      ②    investment in bonds, trusts and other credit products in which the issuer or the borrower breaches
           the contract, generating the risk that the principal and the interest cannot be paid;
      ③    OTC derivatives business such as an equity return swap, interest rate swap, OTC option or
           forward contract in which the counterparties or the spot counterparties fail to fulfill their payment
           obligation;
      ④    brokerage business in which clients default after brokers trade and settle securities, futures and
           other financial products on behalf of the clients due to their lack of funds on the settlement date.


(2)   Credit risk management approaches

      In order to effectively control credit risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    prudent and proactive credit risk management culture;
      ②    an institutional system covering all stages and a risk policy system based on risk limits;
      ③    industry-leading credit risk management quantitative tools;
      ④    an internal credit rating system with the best practice in the industry;
      ⑤    full coverage of the substantive assessment of credit risk.
    The Company has adopted the following measures including credit risk limit, internal credit rating,
quantitative management of collaterals and credit risk measurement model to manage credit risk:


①     Credit risk limit

      The Company has adopted a classified credit risk limit system to control credit risk exposure. In
accordance with the risk appetite and risk tolerance set by the Board, the Risk Management Department has
monitored, reported and issued warning on the implementation of each limit indicator, including business
scale limit, low-rating bonds investment ratio, the value of margin financing granted to a single client and the
market value of a single collateral to total market value ratio, which were formulated based on credit features
and subject to relevant adjustments based on market condition, business development needs and risk profile
of the Company.


②     Internal credit rating

      The Company has developed several internal credit rating models and comprehensive internal credit
rating systems based on the characteristics of different industries and target customers, to rate the credit
standings of borrowers or bond issuers and their debts. Internal credit rating results are gradually employed
in business authorization, limit forecast, limit approval, risk monitoring, asset quality management, etc. The
internal credit rating has become an important instrument for credit business decisions and risk management.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

78
                                                  Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



③     Quantitative management of collaterals

      The Company has paid great attention to the protection of collaterals for the Company’s debts. The
Company has strengthened collateral management by establishing negative collateral lists mechanism and
collateral conversion rate models and adjusting collateral types and conversion rate periodically to safeguard
the Company’s right of credit. The adjustment mechanism on conversion rate is determined based on intrinsic
value (financial statements) and market factors (market price fluctuation, increase, etc.). The Company has
also founded a centralized collateral monitoring mechanism and key collaterals assessment mechanism.


④     Credit risk measurement model

       The Company has taken into account each credit transaction with factors such as client mix, single
liability amount, duration of borrowing, collateral coverage ratio and concentration of collaterals when
conducting credit rating, borrower qualification assessment and collateral quantitative management on its
counterparties. The aforementioned factors will be reflected as parameters such as probability of default (PD),
loss given default (LGD) and maturity (M) to calculate the possible default loss for each credit transaction and
aggregate the overall credit risk of the Company. The Company also combines stress testing and sensitivity
analysis as supplementary measurement to credit risk.


(3)   Responsibilities for managing credit risk

      The Risk Management Committee of the Board is responsible for the review and approval of credit
risk appetite. The Risk Management Committee of the Company is responsible for the review of overall risk
management on credit business and development of major high-risk and innovative credit business. The Risk
Management Committee of the Company and its Credit Risk Committee are responsible for the approval
for the loan provision policy. All business departments of the Company are responsible for the particular
operation, management and monitoring of credit-related business. The Risk Management Department of the
Company is responsible for the research and establishment of credit risk management system, determination
of credit risk appetite and tolerance, formulation of loan provision policy of the Company and independent
monitoring and warning on credit risk.


(4)   Credit risk management on principal businesses

      For margin financing and securities lending, stock pledge repo, stock repurchase business and other
financing businesses, the Company has established a multi-faceted business approval management system
and a sound full-process risk management system covering all stages in advance of, during and after an event
by virtue of client due diligence, credit approval, post-loan evaluation, approval of and dynamic adjustment to
collaterals, mark-to-market system, forced liquidation and disposal on default.
      For investment businesses such as bond investment, trust products and other credit products, the
Company has implemented access management for investable bonds by establishing a bond pool. Bonds
entering the pool must be assessed by professional credit assessors and comply with internal and external
credit rating access standards, industry access standards, product access standards and financial access
standards. Concentration risk is controlled through investment graded approval and authorization, and the
latest risk information of issuers is monitored in real time through the public opinion monitoring system.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            79
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



     For OTC derivatives trading business, the Company has formulated a set of management measures
and rules in relation to the appropriateness of investors, due diligence, approval for credit extension,
rules for measurement of potential risk exposure, margin collection and mark-to-market, liquidation
disposal, underlying securities management and follow-up on default of clients, in order to strengthen the
management before, during and after trading.
     For brokerage business, the Company has controlled the risk of default of clients through indicators
such as the minimum rating of the underlying bonds, position concentration and leverage ratio for brokerage
business that may be responsible for guaranteed settlement. With regard to the trading of securities and
other financial products for overseas clients, the Company has effectively controlled the relevant credit risk by
strengthening the management over credit grant and client deposits.


(5)   Risk exposure of the Company’s investment in onshore and offshore bonds at the end of the
      Reporting Period

                                                                                               Unit: RMB10,000

                                                               December 31, 2022          December 31, 2021

       Onshore bonds

       PRC sovereign bonds                                              13,607,139                 11,553,369

       AAA                                                               6,484,436                   6,804,459

       AA+                                                                 269,340                     751,827

       AA                                                                    70,735                    192,141

       AA-                                                                      135                          —

       Below AA-                                                             35,243                      4,102

       A-1                                                                        —                     79,804

       Non-rated                                                           103,774                     134,428

       Sub-total                                                        20,570,802                 19,520,130

       Offshore bonds

       PRC sovereign bonds                                                      453                          —

       A                                                                   309,346                      24,180

       B                                                                     97,006                    119,624

       C                                                                          —                          —

       D                                                                          —                          —

       Non-rated                                                              7,205                      9,846

       Sub-total                                                           414,010                     153,650

       Total                                                            20,984,812                 19,673,780




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

80
                                                    Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      Notes:
      1.   The above data is provided on a consolidated basis;
      2.   PRC sovereign bonds represent the rating of bonds issued by the government of the PRC. AAA~AA-
           and below AA- represent debt ratings. If there is no debt rating, issuer rating would be used instead,
           where AAA is the highest rating, and A-1 is the highest rating for short-term financing bonds. Non-rated
           represents that the credit rating agency has not rated the issuer or debt.
           Credit rating of offshore bonds were derived from the lowest of Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch
           Rating, if any. The bonds which are not rated by the above agencies are classified as Non-rated. Including
           in A rating are the bonds comprising Aaa~A3 rating of Moody’s, AAA~A- rating of Standard & Poor’s
           and AAA~A- rating of Fitch; including in B rating are the bonds comprising Baa1~B3 rating of Moody’s,
           BBB+~B- rating of Standard & Poor’s and BBB+~B- rating of Fitch; including in C rating are the bonds
           comprising Caa1~C rating of Moody’s, CCC+~C rating of Standard & Poor’s and CCC+~C rating of
           Fitch; and including in D rating are the bonds comprising D rating of Standard & Poor’s and D rating of
           Fitch.


4.    Operational risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     Operational risk refers to the risk arising from imperfect or problematic internal procedures, employees,
systems or external events.
     Operational risk events mainly include the following seven categories: internal fraud, external fraud,
employment policy and safety of working environment, customers, products and business activities, damage
of physical assets, interruption of business operation and shutdown of IT system, and execution, settlement
and process management.


(2)   Operational risk management

      Operational risk management has been the focus among all types of risk management. Through
development of mechanisms such as prior coordination, whole process monitoring and information collection
after loss from operational risks, a refined operational risk management cycle has been established. In order
to effectively manage operational risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    The Company has established comprehensive systems for operational risk management in
           accordance with the New Basel Accord and our strategic development needs, and effectively led
           the operation of various businesses through measurement and allocation of operational risk-based
           economic capital;
      ②    The Company has established a scientific system on the basis of operational risk appetite, tolerance
           and management policy. The Company improved the operational risk governance structure in a
           dynamic way;
      ③    The Company has established a system of pre-risk identification and assessment covering all
           business procedures of all units, subsidiaries and branches by using operational risk and self-
           assessment management tools with procedure rationalization as the focus, facilitating the
           formation of operational risk manuals for each unit;




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 81
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



      ④    The Company has continued to set up a system of key indicators of operational risk to further
           enhance the in-process capabilities of operational risk monitoring based on risk-prone areas
           of different business features and operations by formulating risk management standards and
           conducting management by classification;
      ⑤    The Company has established an operational risk event management mechanism, collected and
           summarized the internal and external operational risk events encountered by the Company,
           analyzed reasons of the events and formulated alleviation plans, as well as strengthened the
           following-up of and improvements in the operational risk events;
      ⑥    The Company paid great attention to the control of substantive risks, and carried out various
           special operational risk inspections and management improvements focusing on areas with high
           and frequent operational risks according to the characteristics of different businesses;
      ⑦    The Company has promoted the systematic application of three major operational risk
           management tools on risk identification and assessment, risk monitoring and events collecting and
           reporting by establishing an operational risk system, so as to effectively improve the efficiency of
           the Company’s operational risk management and its management standard;
      ⑧    The Company paid great attention to the training and promotion of culture relating to operational
           risk management. The Company emphasized the importance of conducting risk identification and
           control before introducing innovative products and innovative businesses. Through various kinds of
           trainings and promotions, operational risk management covers all the departments and branches of
           the Company.


5.    Liquidity risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The Company’s exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from failure to obtain sufficient funds at
reasonable costs and in a timely manner to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy
other capital needs for normal business operation. If there are material and adverse changes in operating
condition in the future and the Company is not able to maintain its gearing ratio at a reasonable level, and its
operation experiences unusual changes, it may not be able to repay the principal of, or interest on, relevant
debts in full when due.
     Possible liquidity risk events and factors of the Company include cash flow strains, persistent high
financing costs, downgraded regulatory rating, blocked financing channels and difficulties in servicing
concentrated mature debts.


(2)   Responsibilities for managing liquidity risk

      The management of the Company is responsible for reviewing the significant event on liquidity risk
management and making related decision, and a treasury operating mechanism for centralized management
and control of liquidity risk has been established, and the Treasury Department is responsible for daily risk
management of liquidity of the Company. The Company conducts dynamic management of the funding
scale for each business and formulates financing plans by taking into account of factors such as liabilities and
business development of the Company as well as the market condition.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

82
                                                   Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



(3)   Liquidity risk management approaches

      In order to prevent liquidity risk, the Company has adopted the following measures:
      ①    The Company has established high-quality current asset reserves and a minimum excess reserve
           quota system. It has formulated liquidity contingency plans to store minimum excess reserve in the
           capital plan and reserved treasury bonds, policy financial bonds and other highly liquid assets which
           can be liquidated at any time under extreme circumstances to cover unexpected expenses;
      ②    The Company has actively developed management for financing gaps. By using management tools
           such as a cash flow gap, sensitivity analysis and stress testing, it can identify potential risks at
           an early stage and arrange financing and adjust the pace of fund usage for business purposes in
           advance so as to effectively manage the payment risk;
      ③    The Company has continuously expanded its financing channels and balanced the distribution of
           debt maturity so as to avoid the payment risk caused by a single financing channel or servicing
           mature debts;
      ④    The Company has established an internal risk reporting system to promptly monitor the liquidity
           risk in the operation of each business and at each branch. In addition, it has taken measures to
           promote the safety, soundness and sustainability of the aforementioned operations.


6.    Reputational risks and corresponding measures

(1)   Overview

     The reputational risk of the Company refers to the risk of formation of negative opinion on the Company
by investors, issuers, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory organizations, the public and the media as a result
of the business act or external events of the Company and the violation of integrity requirements, professional
ethics, business norms, rules and regulations by the staff, thereby damaging the Company’s brand value,
posing detrimental impact to its normal operations and even affecting market stability and social stability.


(2)   Reputational risk management

     In terms of reputational risk management, the Company has continuously improved the standards
of various financial services, actively fulfilled social responsibilities, maintained good customer satisfaction
and market image, cultivated a sound reputational risk management culture, established the awareness
of reputational risk prevention among all employees, actively prevented reputational risks and addressed
reputation incidents, and prevented the escalation of general reputation incidents into major reputation
incidents, so as to minimize reputation loss and reduce negative impacts.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              83
Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors



7.   Dynamic monitoring over risk control indicators and the establishment of a mechanism on
     capital replenishment

     The Company strictly implements the relevant requirements of regulatory authorities and has established
dynamic monitoring over risk control indicators and replenishment mechanism on net capital and liquidity,
covering system establishment, arrangement and staff deployment, to ensure that the risk control indicators
are within the supervision limit consistently, and the details are as follows:
      The Company has established a monitoring system over risk control indicators, achieving T+1 dynamic
monitoring and automatic advance warning functions over all risk control indicators. The Company has
formulated the “Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators” (《風險控制監管指標管理辦法》) and
“Administrative Regulations for Stress Testing” (《壓力測試管理規範》) to formally set up the mechanism for
the management of risk control indicators and stress tests over the indicators. The Company has designated
staff to perform regular monitoring over the risk control indicators and immediately report abnormalities.
The Company has set up a net capital replenishment mechanism and replenished net capital through, among
others, equity financing and issuance of subordinated debts based on the stress tests and analysis of the risk
control indicators over a period of time.
     During the Reporting Period, all risk control indicators including net capital and liquidity of the Company
continuously satisfied the regulatory requirements and the Company has not recorded any non-compliance
with the regulatory requirements. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the net capital of the Company
amounted to RMB70.445 billion.


(IV) Others

     In 2022, the Company (parent company) invested RMB606 million for compliance and risk control, and
invested RMB1.445 billion for information technology.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

84
                               Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report


I.    Overview of Corporate Governance

      The Company, being a company listed in the PRC and Hong Kong, manages its operation in strict
compliance with the laws, regulations and normative documents of the, domestic and overseas, places where
its shares are listed, and strives to protect and enhance its good market presence. The Company continues to
improve its corporate governance structure in compliance with the Company Law, the Securities Law and the
regulations and requirements of the CSRC, SFC and Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The corporate governance of
the Company complies with the applicable requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The Company
has established a corporate governance structure consisting of the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board,
the Supervisory Committee and the management with separate duties and effective checks and balances
in order to maintain regulated corporate governance and operation. The corporate governance structure
is sound and does not deviate from relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities from where the
Company’s shares are listed.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly complied with the Corporate Governance Code and
Corporate Governance Report under Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (hereinafter referred to as
the “Code and Report”). The Company satisfied all provisions and substantially all of the recommended best
practices under the Code and Report.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company held 3 shareholders’ general meetings to consider 23
resolutions; 14 Board meetings to consider 66 resolutions and listen to 7 reports; 19 special meetings of
committees under the Board to consider 48 resolutions and listen to or review 11 reports; as well as 11
meetings of the Supervisory Committee to consider 19 resolutions and listen to 4 reports.


(I)   Shareholders and shareholders’ general meetings

       The shareholders’ general meeting is the highest institution of authority of the Company which allows
shareholders to exercise their powers. The Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general meetings in
strict compliance with the relevant rules, including the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures for
Shareholders’ General Meetings, to ensure that all of the shareholders, especially minority shareholders, are
treated fairly to fully exercise their rights.
      The de facto controller of the Company exercises its rights according to the applicable laws, regulations
and the Articles of Association, and does not interfere directly or indirectly in the decision-making or
operating activities of the Company beyond the authority of the shareholders’ general meeting, occupy the
funds of the Company or request the provision of any guarantee from the Company in favor of itself or other
parties. The de facto controller of the Company is not involved in the personnel, assets, finance, organizations
and business of the Company.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            85
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Directors and the Board

     The appointment and replacement of Directors of the Company are in strict compliance with the Articles
of Association, and the number of Directors and composition of the Board fulfill the requirement of laws and
regulations. The Board refines its rules of procedures from time to time and the convening, holding and voting
procedures of the Board meetings are legal and effective. The Board has set up five committees, including
the Strategy and Sustainability Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the Nomination Committee, and formulated rules, clear division
of authorities of each committee, decision-making procedures and rules of procedures. The Company has set
up a work system of independent Directors, which can protect the interests of the Company and shareholders
independently and objectively and ensure effective checks and balances during the decision-making process
of the Board. In addition, the Company has set up a system of secretary to the Board. The secretary to the
Board is responsible for the preparation of shareholders’ general meetings, Board meetings and meetings of
committees under the Board, the filing of minutes and documents of the meetings, information disclosure and
management of investor relations.
      The Company believes that the diversified composition of the Board is the key factor in achieving its
strategic targets and sustainable development, and has formulated the Policy of Diversified Composition of
the Board (《董事多元化政策》) which provides that, in determination of the composition of the Board, the
Company shall consider the diversity of the Board from various perspectives, including but not limited to
gender, age, culture and educational background, professional experiences, skill, knowledge and term of
office. The nomination of the members of the Board shall be carried out in accordance with the principle
of merit, and shall fully consider the diversity of the composition of the Board. The Nomination Committee
reports the diversity of the composition of the Board in each annual report. It is also responsible for
supervising the implementation of the Policy of Diversified Composition of the Board, reviewing the same
when necessary to ensure its effectiveness and revising the same when appropriate. The Board has reviewed
the Policy of Diversified Composition of the Board during the Reporting Period, and believes that such policy
has been effectively implemented.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

86
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



1.   Composition of the Board

      The Company has a Board accountable to the shareholders’ general meeting. According to the Articles
of Association, the Board shall consist of 15 Directors. As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Board consists
of 15 Directors, two of whom are executive Directors, eight of whom are non-executive Directors and five of
whom are independent non-executive Directors. There is no relationship (including financial, business, family
or other material/relevant relationship) among the Directors and senior management of the Company. The
Company attaches great importance to Board diversity. As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Board includes
one female member. In terms of academic qualifications, there are eight members with a master’s degree
and three members with a doctorate degree. In terms of professions, the executive Directors have long been
engaged in the securities and financial industry and have extensive management experience and professional
capabilities. The non-executive Directors have held important positions in companies in the financial,
transportation, insurance and other industries. The independent non-executive Directors have extensive
experience in finance, economics, auditing, law and other fields, thus can provide professional advice to
the Company in respect of different fields. The Directors are elected at the shareholders’ general meetings
and serve for a term of three years. Directors are eligible for re-elections upon the expiry of their terms of
office. Independent non-executive Directors shall not hold office for more than six consecutive years. Please
see “Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and
senior management during the Reporting Period” in “Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report” of this report
for the composition of the Board and the biographies of the Directors.
     The Board complies the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that the board of directors shall
comprise at least three independent non-executive directors, representing at least one-third of the board of
directors. The qualifications of the five independent non-executive Directors of the Company fully comply
with the requirements under Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10(A) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. In addition,
the Company has received annual confirmation letters from each of the independent non-executive Directors
prepared according to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with regard to their independence. Therefore,
the Company confirms that all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have fulfilled the
independence requirement under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          87
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



2.   Duties and responsibilities of the Board

      The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and shall be accountable to the shareholders’
general meeting. According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall exercise the following major
functions and powers: to convene shareholders’ general meetings and report to the shareholders’ general
meetings; to implement the resolution of the shareholders’ general meeting; to decide the business plans and
investment schemes of the Company; to formulate the annual financial budget plan and final accounts plan
of the Company; to formulate the profit distribution plan and loss recovery plan of the Company; to prepare
plans for increase or reduction of registered capital of the Company, issuance of bonds or other securities and
their listing; to formulate plans for major acquisition of the Company, repurchase of the Company’s shares or
merger, division, dissolution and change in the corporate form of the Company; to decide on the acquisition
of the Company’s own shares under circumstances set out in paragraphs (III), (V) and (VI) of Article 32 of the
Articles of Association; to decide on external investment, acquisition and disposal of assets, asset mortgage,
external guarantee, consigned financial management, connected transactions and other matters of the
Company within the authority granted by the shareholders’ general meeting; to decide on the establishment
of the internal management structure of the Company; to appoint or dismiss the Company’s general manager
and secretary to the Board; to appoint or dismiss the Company’s deputy general manager, Chief Financial
Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Information Officer and other senior officers as
nominated by the general manager and determine their remunerations, rewards and penalties; to set up the
basic management system; to formulate the proposals for any amendment to the Articles of Association; to
manage the disclosure of information by the Company; to propose to the shareholders’ general meeting the
adjustment of the scale and personnel composition of the Board; to propose to the shareholders’ general
meeting the appointment or change of the accounting firm acting as the auditors of the Company; to listen
to the work report of the general manager of the Company and examine the general manager’s work; to
determine the Company’s goal of compliance management and be responsible for its effectiveness; to review
and approve the basic system of compliance management; to review and approve the annual compliance
report; to ensure the independence of the Chief Compliance Officer, establish a direct communication
mechanism with the Chief Compliance Officer, and safeguard the smooth reporting between the Chief
Compliance Officer and the regulatory authority; to assess the effectiveness of compliance management
and procure solutions for the problems relating to compliance management; to be ultimately responsible
for the overall risk management (including reputational risk management), facilitate the construction of risk
management culture (including reputational risk management culture), review and approve the Company’s
basic overall risk management system, risk appetite, risk tolerance and material risk limits, review the regular
risk assessment reports of the Company, and establish a direct communication mechanism with the Chief
Risk Officer. The Board may authorize the relevant risk management committee to fulfill part of its risk
management duties; to be responsible for reviewing the Company’s information technology management
objectives, assume responsibility for the effectiveness of information technology management; to review
information technology strategies to ensure their consistency with the Company’s development strategies,
risk management strategies and capital strength; to establish information technology human resource and
fund guarantee programs; to assess the overall effectiveness and efficiency of annual information technology
management work; to determine the objectives of business integrity management and be liable for ensuring
the effectiveness of business integrity management; to guide the Company to accomplish the cultural
construction of the Company and facilitate the cultural construction of the Company; to be ultimately
responsible for protecting the interests of investors; and to exercise other functions and powers as conferred
by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules or the Articles of Association.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

88
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



     The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be a collective responsibility of the Directors.
During the Reporting Period, the Board took the following key measures regarding the corporate governance
functions:
     (1)   The Company continuously monitored the promulgation or revision of domestic and foreign laws
           and regulations. In 2022, the Board or shareholders’ general meeting formulated 5 new systems,
           and revised and improved 13 systems, thereby continuously enhancing the establishment of its
           corporate governance system;
     (2)   The Company actively organized Directors, Supervisors and senior management to participate
           in various professional trainings, arranged external Directors to participate in business analysis
           meetings, conducted business researches, and established a multi-tier information communication
           mechanism, thereby providing the Directors with sufficient information to perform their duties;
     (3)   The Company continuously strengthened internal control management, regularly reviewed the
           effectiveness of internal control, and enhanced process management, thereby establishing a sound
           and comprehensive risk management system.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         89
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

       The appointment and replacement of Supervisors of the Company are in strict compliance with the
Articles of Association, and the number of Supervisors and composition of the Supervisory Committee
fulfill the requirement of laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee constantly improves its Rules of
Procedures, and the convening, holding and voting procedures of the Supervisory Committee are legal and
effective. The Supervisory Committee is accountable to all shareholders. In the spirit of being accountable to
all the shareholders of the Company, it is responsible for maintaining effective supervision on the finance of
the Company as well as the compliance of duty performance of the Board and management. The Supervisors
shall perform their duties, including attending the meetings of the Supervisory Committee, observing
the meetings of the Board and reporting their work at the shareholders’ general meeting in accordance
with the relevant requirements. According to the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Committee shall
exercise the following major functions and powers: to examine the Company’s periodic reports prepared
by the Board and give written examination opinions; to check on the financial affairs of the Company; to
supervise Directors’ and senior officers’ performance of duties for the Company including the performance of
compliance management duties, and put forward suggestions on the removal of Directors or senior officers
who violate laws, administrative regulations, the Articles of Association, relevant rules of the securities
regulatory authority in the place where the securities of the Company are listed or the resolutions adopted by
the shareholders’ general meetings or who shall assume primary responsibility or leadership responsibility for
material compliance risk; to inquire about the acts of Directors and senior officers; to require Directors and
senior officers to correct their acts which are detrimental to the interest of the Company and its customers;
to organize the off-office audit of senior officers; to suggest the holding of an interim shareholders’ general
meeting and convene and preside over the shareholders’ general meeting in the event that the Board fails to
convene and preside over the shareholders’ general meeting in accordance with the Company Law; to submit
a proposal to the shareholders’ general meeting; to bring a lawsuit against Directors and senior officers in
accordance with Article 151 of the Company Law; to attend the meeting of the Board and address inquiries
to or suggestions on matters to be resolved by the Board; to check on the financial reports, business reports,
profit distribution plans and other financial materials submitted by the Board to the shareholders’ general
meeting, and conduct investigation and require the person-in-charge of compliance and the compliance
department of the Company to offer assistance in case of any doubt or any abnormality in the operation
of the Company; if necessary, to retain at the expense of the Company professional organizations such as
accounting firm and law firm to assist its work; to supervise the performance of duties by the Board and
the management; to supervise whether any decision and the decision flow of the Board is in compliance
with rules and whether any compliance weakness determined is rectified in a timely manner; to supervise
the implementation of the compliance management system of the Company; to organize and assess the
effectiveness of compliance risk management of the Company at least once each year; to take responsibility
for the supervision of overall risk management, supervise and inspect the performance on risk management
of the Board and the management and supervise the rectification; to supervise the performance of
statutory obligations such as investors’ legitimate interests protection by the Company; to supervise the
implementation of cultural construction of the Company; and to exercise other authorities prescribed by laws,
regulations, departmental rules, other normative documents and the Articles of Association or granted by the
shareholders’ general meeting.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

90
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



     The Supervisory Committee consists of nine Supervisors, including six shareholder representative
Supervisors and three employee representative Supervisors. There is no relationship (including financial,
business, family or other material/relevant relationship) among the Supervisors and senior management of
the Company. The shareholder representative Supervisors and the employee representative Supervisors are
elected at the shareholders’ general meetings and employee representatives’ meetings, respectively, for a
term of three years and are eligible for re-election upon expiry of their terms of office. For details of the
composition of the Supervisory Committee and the biographies of the Supervisors, please see “Change
in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior
management during the Reporting Period” in “Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report” of this report.


(IV) Senior management

     The Company strictly complies with the Articles of Association in relation to the appointment and
replacement of senior management. The senior management of the Company shall be appointed based on the
procedures in compliance with the Company Law and the Articles of Association. The general manager of the
Company shall be accountable to the Board.
       According to the Articles of Association, the management consists of the general manager, the deputy
general managers, the secretary to the Board, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer,
the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Information Officer and other personnel approved by the resolutions of
the Board as senior management. The general manager is in charge of business management, and shall be
accountable to the Board and perform the following duties: to be in charge of the operation and management
of the Company, organize the execution of the resolutions of the Board and report his work to the Board; to
organize the implementation of the annual operation plan and investment plan of the Company; to formulate
the internal management structure of the Company; to formulate the basic management system of the
Company; to formulate rules and regulations for the Company; to propose to the Board the appointment
or dismissal of the deputy general managers, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk
Officer, Chief Information Officer and other senior management (other than the secretary to the Board); to
appoint or dismiss management members other than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the
Board; to be responsible for the specific implementation of the Company’s investors’ rights protection, and
facilitate the execution of each requirement for investors’ rights protection; and to perform other duties
delegated by the Articles of Association or the Board.


(V) Chairman and general manager

      For the purpose of balancing power and authority, the roles of chairman and general manager of the
Company shall be separated to enhance the independence of their duties, accountability and balanced
division of power and authority, and to fully exercise the decision makers’ extensive supervision and control
over the executive officers. There is a clear division between the roles of chairman and the general manager.
According to the Articles of Association, the chairman shall be the legal representative of the Company who
is responsible for managing the operation of the Board to ensure that the Directors act in the best interests
of the Company. The chairman shall also ensure the effectiveness and the performance of the duties of
the Board, and that the Board discusses all significant and appropriate matters such that the Directors can
obtain accurate, timely and clear information. The general manager shall be in charge of the daily work of
the Company, observe Board meetings, report to the Board, and exercise his power pursuant to the scope of
authorization of the general manager. There is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other
material/relevant relationship) between the chairman and general manager of the Company.


                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          91
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(VI) Liability insurances for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company

     As authorized in the sixth extraordinary general meeting of the Company for 2015, the Company has
maintained liability insurances for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other relevant
personnel. Insurance coverage has been provided for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
Company against potential liabilities to reasonably avoid management and legal risks faced by the Directors,
Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to facilitate the full discharge of duties by the
Directors, Supervisors and senior management.


(VII) Party Committee

      The Company has established a Party Committee. The Party Committee shall perform the leadership
functions to provide directions, manage overall situations and ensure implementation. The Party Committee
consists of one secretary, one vice secretary and other several members. Eligible Party Committee members
may be appointed as members of the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the management team of the
Company through legal procedures, while eligible Party members from the Board, the Supervisory Committee
and the management team of the Company may be appointed as members of the Party Committee
pursuant to relevant requirements and procedures. The Company has also established a Discipline Inspection
Commission in accordance with relevant regulations. The Company has established the working organs of the
Party, equipped them with sufficient staff to deal with Party affairs and provided them with sufficient funds to
operate the Party organization. The organic combination between the Party’s leadership and the governance
of the Company has promoted the scientific decision-making and high-quality development of the Company.


(VIII) Information disclosure and transparency

      The Company has formulated several information disclosure systems, including the Administrative
System Regarding Information Disclosure Affairs (《信息披露事務管理制度》), Registration System for Persons
with Inside Information (《內幕信息知情人登記制度》), Investor Relations Management System (《投資者關係管
理制度》), Accountability System for Major Mistakes Disclosed in Annual Reports (《年報信息披露重大差錯責任
追究制度》), Annual Report Work System for the Independent Directors (《獨立董事年報工作制度》) and Annual
Report Work Procedures for the Audit Committee Under the Board (《董事會審計委員會年報工作規程》). The
secretary to the Board is responsible for information disclosure and investor relations. The Company discloses
information truthfully, accurately, completely and promptly and ensures that all shareholders can have
equal opportunities for obtaining information in accordance with the requirements of the laws, regulations
and the Articles of Association. The Company discloses the information of the substantial shareholders and
the changes in shareholding according to the related requirements. Other than the information disclosure
channels required by the laws, the Company mainly communicates with investors by phone, e-mail, Internet
platform, reception of visitors and participating in investor meetings.


(IX) Stakeholders

     The Company fully respects and protects the rights and interests of the creditors, customers, employees
and other stakeholders. Efforts are also made to ensure the sustainable and healthy development of the
Company in pursuit of a win-win situation between the Company and its stakeholders as well as to maximize
the effectiveness of its social contribution.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

92
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



II.   Specific Measures Regarding the Undertakings of Controlling Shareholder
      and De Facto Controller on Independence of Assets, Personnel, Finance,
      Organization and Business of the Company, and Solution, Progress and
      Plans for Subsequent Works

      The Company manages its operation in strict compliance with the Company Law, the Articles of
Association and other laws, regulations and rules, and is independent from the controlling shareholder
in terms of assets, personnel, finance, organization, business and other aspects with an independent and
complete business system and independent operation capabilities.
      1. In terms of assets, the Company has a clear property right relationship with the controlling
shareholder, and has complete and independent legal person assets. The Company has complete control over
all of its assets, and there is no situation where assets and funds are being appropriated by the controlling
shareholder and damages the interests of the Company.
      2. In terms of personnel, the Company has developed a comprehensive system regarding the
management of personnel and remuneration, and established an independent human resources management
department that manages personnel and remuneration independent from the controlling shareholder. The
Company has an independent team of employees, and its Directors, Supervisors and senior management
are legally appointed in accordance with the Company Law, the Articles of Association and relevant laws,
regulations and rules. Senior management of the Company serves and receives remuneration from the
Company, and does not hold any position other than director and supervisor in the controlling shareholder
and its subsidiaries.
     3. In term of finance, the Company has an independent finance and accounting department with
dedicated finance personnel, and established an independent accounting system and regulated financial
management system to make financial decisions independently. The Company has independent bank
accounts, and completes tax registration and fulfills its tax obligations independently according to the laws.
There is no sharing of bank account or tax paid in mix with those of the controlling shareholder.
     4. In terms of organization, the Company has established a sound organizational system that meets its
operational needs. The system operates independently and stably without any subordination to departments
of the controlling shareholder.
     5. In terms of business, the Company has an independent and comprehensive business system. The
Company conducts its businesses, audits and decision-making independently, and assumes liabilities and risks
independently without reliance on the controlling shareholder or any other related parties.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          93
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



III. Shareholders’ General Meetings

                                           Website
                                         designated
                          Date of          for the     Disclosure date
      Meeting                                                                      Resolutions of meeting
                          meeting         disclosure   of resolutions
                                              of
                                         resolutions

                                                                         Considered and approved: 1. resolution
                                                                         on the proposed amendments to the
                                                                         Articles of Association of China Merchants
                                                                         Securities Co., Ltd.; 2. resolution on the
                                         Hong Kong                       proposed amendments to the Rules for the
      2022 first
                                            Stock                        Management of Related Party Transactions
    extraordinary       April 29, 2022                  April 29, 2022
                                          Exchange                       of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; 3.
   general meeting
                                           website                       resolution on the proposed amendments to
                                                                         the Rules for the Selection and Appointment
                                                                         of Accountants’ Firm of China Merchants
                                                                         Securities Co., Ltd.; and 4. resolution on
                                                                         election of Directors of the Company.

                                                                         Considered and approved: 1. resolution
                                                                         on the working report of the Board of the
                                                                         Company for 2021; 2. resolution on the
                                                                         working report of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                         of the Company for 2021; 3. duty report of
                                                                         independent Directors of the Company for
                                                                         2021; 4. resolution on the annual report of
                                                                         the Company for 2021; 5. resolution on the
                                                                         final accounts report of the Company for
                                                                         2021; 6. resolution on the profit distribution
                                         Hong Kong
                                                                         plan of the Company for 2021; 7. resolution
    2021 annual                             Stock
                        June 30, 2022                   June 30, 2022    on the budget for the proprietary investment
   general meeting                        Exchange
                                                                         of the Company for 2022; 8. resolution on the
                                           website
                                                                         engagement of the auditors of the Company
                                                                         for 2022; 9. resolution on the contemplated
                                                                         ordinary related party transactions of the
                                                                         Company for 2022; 10. resolution on the
                                                                         guarantee authorization scheme for the
                                                                         year 2022 of China Merchants Securities
                                                                         International Company Limited and its wholly-
                                                                         owned subsidiaries; and 11. resolution on the
                                                                         grant of the general mandate to the Board to
                                                                         issue additional H Shares of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

94
                                               Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                   Website
                                 designated
                    Date of        for the     Disclosure date
   Meeting                                                                 Resolutions of meeting
                    meeting       disclosure   of resolutions
                                      of
                                 resolutions

                                                                 Considered and approved: 1. resolution
                                                                 on the securities and financial products,
                                                                 transactions and services framework
                                                                 agreement between the Company and China
                                                                 Merchants Group Limited; 2. resolution on the
                                                                 securities and financial products, transactions
                                                                 and services framework agreement between
                                                                 the Company and China COSCO Shipping
                                                                 Corporation Limited; 3. resolution on
                                                                 the election of non-executive Director; 4.
                                 Hong Kong                       resolution on the election of independent
 2022 second
                  November 29,      Stock       November 29,     non-executive Director; 5. resolution on
 extraordinary
                      2022        Exchange          2022         the proposed amendments to the Rules for
general meeting
                                   website                       Independent Directors of China Merchants
                                                                 Securities Co., Ltd.; 6. resolution on the
                                                                 proposed amendments to the Administrative
                                                                 Measures on the Proceeds Raised by
                                                                 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; 7.
                                                                 resolution on the proposed formulation of
                                                                 the Administrative Measures on the External
                                                                 Donations of China Merchants Securities
                                                                 Co., Ltd.; and 8. resolution on the proposed
                                                                 amendments to the Articles of Association of
                                                                 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             95
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



IV. Information about Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

(I)       Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: share

                                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                             Number        Number         Changes                      remuneration
                                                                Term             Term        of shares     of shares       (+/-) in                      from the       Remuneration
                                                                                                                                        Reason for
      Name         Position (Notes)         Gender    Age   commencement       expiration   held at the   held at the   shareholdings                Company during      from related
                                                                                                                                         changes
                                                                date             date       beginning     end of the     during the                    the Reporting        parties
                                                                                            of the year      year           year                      Period (before
                                                                                                                                                     tax) (RMB10,000)

               Chairman of the Board,
                                                            May 2017        October 2023
 HUO Da (霍達)   executive Director           Male     54                                               –             –              –             –            349.86    No
               Chief Information Officer                    March 2022      March 2025

 LIU Weiwu
               Non-executive Director       Male     58     June 2021       October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
 (劉威武)

 DENG
 Weidong       Non-executive Director       Male     55     April 2022      October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
 (鄧偉棟)

 SU Min (蘇敏)   Non-executive Director       Female   54     June 2016       October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes

 WU Zongmin    Executive Director                           April 2022      October 2023
                                            Male     57                                               –             –              –             –            322.86    No
 (吳宗敏)         President                                    January 2022    January 2025

               Non-executive Director                       January 2023    October 2023
 LI Xiaofei
               Shareholder representative   Male     52                                               –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
 (李曉霏)                                                      July 2014       January 2023
               Supervisor (resigned)

 GAO Hong
               Non-executive Director       Male     54     March 2020      October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
 (高宏)

 HUANG Jian
               Non-executive Director       Male     53     August 2012     October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
 (黃堅)

 LIU Chong
               Non-executive Director       Male     52     November 2022   October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
 (劉沖)

 WANG Wen
               Non-executive Director       Male     53     July 2019       October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
 (王文)

 XIANG Hua     Independent non-
                                            Male     51     July 2017       July 2023                 –             –              –             –                20    Yes
 (向華)          executive Director

 XIAO Houfa    Independent non-
                                            Male     55     July 2017       July 2023                 –             –              –             –                20    Yes
 (肖厚發)         executive Director




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

96
                                                                                 Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                            Number        Number         Changes                      remuneration
                                                               Term             Term        of shares     of shares       (+/-) in                      from the       Remuneration
                                                                                                                                       Reason for
    Name          Position (Notes)         Gender    Age   commencement       expiration   held at the   held at the   shareholdings                Company during      from related
                                                                                                                                        changes
                                                               date             date       beginning     end of the     during the                    the Reporting        parties
                                                                                           of the year      year           year                      Period (before
                                                                                                                                                    tax) (RMB10,000)

XIONG Wei     Independent non-
                                           Male     47     August 2017     August 2023               –             –              –             –                20    No
(熊偉)          executive Director

HU Honggao    Independent non-
                                           Male     68     July 2017       July 2023                 –             –              –             –                20    No
(胡鴻高)         executive Director

FENG Jinhua   Independent non-
                                           Male     66     November 2022   October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    No
(豐金華)         executive Director

ZHOU Linda    Chairman of the
                                           Female   54     July 2014       October 2023              –             –              –             –            309.04    No
Lei (周語菡)     Supervisory Committee

              Shareholder representative
XU Xin (徐鑫)                                Male     40     January 2023    October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
              Supervisor

WANG
              Shareholder representative
Zhangwei                                   Male     50     June 2017       October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
              Supervisor
(王章為)

MA Yunchun    Shareholder representative
                                           Male     54     June 2017       October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
(馬蘊春)         Supervisor

ZHANG Zhen    Shareholder representative
                                           Male     58     October 2020    October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    No
(張震)          Supervisor

ZOU Qun       Shareholder representative
                                           Male     56     October 2020    October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    No
(鄒群)          Supervisor

YIN Hongyan   Employee representative
                                           Female   51     August 2007     October 2023              –             –              –             –            163.62    No
(尹虹艷)         Supervisor

              Employee
HE Min
              representative               Female   47     July 2009       October 2023              –             –              –             –            109.42    No
(何敏)
              Supervisor

              Employee
CHEN Jun
              representative               Male     45     March 2023      October 2023              –             –              –             –                 –    No
(陳鋆)
              Supervisor

WU Huifeng    Secretary to the Board                       December 2014   October 2023
                                           Male     48                                               –             –              –             –            266.98    No
(吳慧峰)         Vice President                               November 2018   December 2024

ZHAO Bin
              Vice President               Male     53     November 2018   December 2024             –             –              –             –            269.17    No
(趙斌)

              Chief Compliance Officer,
HU Yu (胡宇)                                 Male     58     December 2018   December 2024             –             –              –             –            240.11    No
              Chief Risk Officer




                                                                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                97
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



                                                                                                                                                                 Total
                                                                                                  Number        Number         Changes                      remuneration
                                                                   Term               Term        of shares     of shares       (+/-) in                      from the       Remuneration
                                                                                                                                             Reason for
         Name       Position (Notes)        Gender       Age   commencement         expiration   held at the   held at the   shareholdings                Company during      from related
                                                                                                                                              changes
                                                                   date               date       beginning     end of the     during the                    the Reporting        parties
                                                                                                 of the year      year           year                      Period (before
                                                                                                                                                          tax) (RMB10,000)

 ZHANG
 Haochuan       Vice President              Male     50        May 2022         May 2025                   –             –              –             –            141.03    No
 (張浩川)

 XIONG
                Non-executive Director
 Xianliang                                  Male     55        December 2014    January 2022               –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
                (resigned)
 (熊賢良)

 PENG Lei       Non-executive Director
                                            Female   50        August 2007      January 2023               –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
 (彭磊)           (resigned)

 WANG
                Non-executive Director
 Daxiong                                    Male     62        September 2016   May 2022                   –             –              –             –                 –    Yes
                (resigned)
 (王大雄)

                Independent non-
 WONG Ti
                executive Director          Male     64        January 2018     November 2022              –             –              –             –                20    No
 (汪棣)
                (resigned)

 SHEN           Employee
 Weihua         representative              Female   52        October 2020     March 2023                 –             –              –             –           124.20     No
 (沈衛華)          Supervisor (resigned)
 LI Zongjun
                Vice President (resigned)   Male     57        July 2015        July 2022                  –             –              –             –            142.27    No
 (李宗軍)

 ZHANG Qing
                Vice President (resigned)   Male     51        March 2021       May 2022                   –             –              –             –             23.47    No
 (張慶)

 Total          /                           /        /         /                /                                                                     /          2,562.03    /

           Notes:
           1.   During the Reporting Period, the remuneration before tax deferred from 2019 to 2022 for the Directors,
                chairman of the Supervisory Committee and senior management who worked full-time for the Company
                during their tenure of office amounted to RMB916.4 thousand (HUO Da), RMB733.1 thousand (ZHOU
                Linda Lei), RMB732.8 thousand (WU Huifeng), RMB733.1 thousand (LI Zongjun), RMB939.7 thousand
                (ZHAO Bin) and RMB863.8 thousand (HU Yu), respectively; and the remuneration before tax deferred
                from 2019-2021 to 2022 for the employee representative Supervisors who worked full-time for the
                Company during their tenure of office amounted to RMB1.02 million (HE Min), RMB2.3272 million (YIN
                Hongyan) and RMB1.4858 million (SHEN Weihua), respectively;
           2.   The total remuneration before tax of the Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee, senior
                management and employee representative Supervisors who worked full-time for the Company during
                the Reporting Period is the remuneration before tax they received during their tenure of office and is still
                subject to confirmation. Further information will be disclosed upon confirmation;
           3.   Certain Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company participated in the employee
                stock ownership scheme in 2020. As of the date of this report, HUO Da, ZHOU Linda Lei, YIN Hongyan,
                HE Min, CHEN Jun, WU Huifeng, ZHAO Bin and HU Yu held an aggregate of 2,594,756 shares through
                the employee stock ownership scheme, accounting for 4.99% of the total shares held under the scheme
                and 0.03% of the total share capital of the Company.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

98
                                               Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                      Major work experience

               Mr. HUO has served as our Chairman of the Board since May 2017, and our Chief
         Information Officer since March 2022. He was a director of China Merchants Securities
         International Company Limited from January 2019 to October 2020, the chairman of the
         board of directors of China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd. from November
         2021 to February 2022 and a member of the Execution Committee of China Merchants
         Financial Services Business Unit from June 2018 to September 2022. He served the CSRC as
         principal staff member, deputy division head and division head, assistant to the head of the
         Shenzhen office of the CSRC, deputy inspector, deputy division head and division head of the
HUO Da   Market Supervision Department of the CSRC, director of the Corporate Bonds Supervision
(霍達)     Department of the CSRC, director of the Research Center of the CSRC, head of Beijing
         Institute of Securities and Futures, head of China Institute of Finance and Capital Markets and
         part-time member of the 17th Public Offering Review Committee of the CSRC successively.
               Mr. HUO Da obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Huazhong University of
         Science and Technology (previously named as Huazhong Institute of Technology), a master’s
         degree in economics from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (previously named
         as Huazhong Institute of Technology) and a doctoral degree in economics from Chinese
         Academy of Fiscal Sciences (formerly known as the Research Institute for Fiscal Science of the
         Ministry of Finance) in July 1989, April 1994 and January 2008, respectively.




                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                      99
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                          Major work experience

                       Mr. LIU has served as our non-executive Director since June 2021. He has been the
                head of the finance department (property rights department) of China Merchants Group
                Limited since December 2020, an independent non-executive director of AviChina Industry &
                Technology Company Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02357)
                since June 2018, a director of China Merchants International Finance Company Limited and
                Liaoning Port Group Limited since March 2021, an executive director of China Merchants
                Sharing Services Co., Ltd. since April 2021, a director of China Merchants Port Group Co.,
                Ltd. (招商局港口集團股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001872) since May
                2021, a director of China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited (招商局仁和人壽保險
                股份有限公司) since June 2021, and a director of China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited since
                October 2021. He was the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Energy Shipping
                Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601872) from February 2016 to January 2021, a
                director of China LNG Shipping (Holdings) Limited from March 2009 to February 2021, the
                chairman of the supervisory committee of Nanjing Tanker Corporation (招商局南京油運
                股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601975) from April 2021 to October 2021,
                an executive director and then non-executive director of China Merchants Port Holdings
                Company Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 00144) from March
                2021 to December 2022, a director of China Merchants Industry Holdings Co., Ltd. and
                China Merchants Chongqing Communications Technology Research & Design Institute Co.,
                Ltd. from March 2021 to September 2022, a non-executive director of Sinotrans Limited
 LIU Weiwu
                (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601598; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:
 (劉威武)
                00598) and a director of China Merchants Investment Development Company Limited (招
                商局投資發展有限公司) from June 2021 to September 2022, a director of China Merchants
                Taiping Bay Development Investment Co., Ltd. (招商局太平灣開發投資有限公司) from July
                2021 to September 2022, a director of China Merchants Testing Technology Holdings Co.,
                Ltd. from February 2022 to September 2022, a director of China Merchants Group Finance
                Co., Ltd. from March 2022 to September 2022, a director of China Merchants Zhangzhou
                Development Zone Co., Ltd. from March 2021 to November 2022, and a director of China
                Merchants Expressway Network & Technology Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局公路網絡科技控股
                股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001965) from April 2021 to January 2023.
                He also served as the Head of Treasury Division of Financial Department of Guangzhou
                Ocean Shipping Company, the Manager of Financial Department of Hong Kong Ming Wah
                Shipping Company Limited, the Deputy General Manager of the Finance Department of China
                Merchants Group Limited, a director and the Chief Financial Officer of China Merchants
                Energy Shipping Co., Ltd., and the chairman of the board of directors of China Merchants
                Investment Development (Hong Kong) Limited (formerly known as Sinotrans Shipping
                Limited).
                       Mr. LIU Weiwu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Transportation Financial Accounting
                from Xi’an Highway Institute and a Master degree of Business Administration from Macau
                University of Science and Technology in July 1988 and January 2008, respectively. He also
                obtained the intermediate accountant qualification in May 2005.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

100
                                               Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                      Major work experience

                Mr. DENG has served as our non-executive Director since April 2022. He has been the
          head of the Strategic Development Department/Technological Innovation Department of
          China Merchants Group since August 2021, a director of Chongqing Qianbao Crossborder
          Technology Co., Ltd. ( 重 慶 錢 寶 跨 境 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) since April 2014, a director of China
          Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd. (招商局能源運輸股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock
          code: 601872) since April 2019, a director of China Merchants Taiping Bay Development
          Investment Co., Ltd. (招商局太平灣開發投資有限公司) since April 2020, the chairman of the
          board of directors and general manager of Shenzhen Zhaoguang Investment Co., Ltd. (深圳
          市招廣投資有限公司) since May 2020, a director of China International Marine Containers
          (Group) Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000039; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange, stock code: 02039) since October 2020, and a director of Sinotrans Limited (listed
          on the SSE, stock code: 601598; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:
          00598) since November 2021. He was a director of China Merchants Port Holdings Company
          Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 00144) from October 2021 to
          December 2022, a director of China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd. (招
          商局蛇口工業區控股股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001979) from October
DENG      2021 to November 2022, the general manager and a director of China Economic and Trade
Weidong   Shipping Co., Ltd. (中國經貿船務有限公司) from February 2021 to September 2022, a director
(鄧偉棟)     of SF Holding Co., Ltd. (順豐控股股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 002352) from
          April 2019 to December 2022, a director of China Merchants Property Operation & Service
          Co., Ltd. (招商局積餘產業運營服務股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 001914)
          from December 2019 to April 2021, the head of the Capital Investment & Management
          Department of China Merchants Group from January 2015 to August 2021, a director of
          China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. (招商局創新投資管理有限
          責任公司) from August 2021 to August 2022, and a director and the general manager of
          China Merchants Investment Development Company Limited (招商局投資發展有限公司) from
          April 2020 to September 2022. He worked at Hainan Yangpu Economic Development Zone
          Administration Bureau (海南省洋浦經濟開發區管理局), and successively served as the general
          manager of the Development Department of China Nanshan Development (Group) Inc. (中國
          南山開發（集團）股份有限公司), the deputy general manager of Chiwan Container Terminal
          Co., Ltd. ( 赤 灣 集 裝 箱 碼 頭 有 限 公 司 ) and the general manager of Shenzhen Mawan Port
          Service Co., Ltd. (深圳媽灣港務有限公司).
                Mr. DENG Weidong graduated with a doctoral degree of Science in Physical Geography
          from the Department of Geodetic and Marine Sciences (大地海洋科學系自然地理專業) from
          Nanjing University in September 1994.




                                                                                     2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                  101
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                           Major work experience

                       Ms. SU has served as our non-executive Director since June 2016. She has been a
                director of China Merchants Finance Holdings since December 2015, a non-executive director
                of China Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong
                Stock Exchange, stock code: 03968) since September 2014, a director of Bosera Funds since
                September 2018, and a director of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE,
                stock code: 002939) since October 2020. She was the general manager of China Merchants
                Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (currently known as China Merchants Financial
                Holdings Co., Ltd.) from December 2017 to September 2022, a standing vice chairman of the
                Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit from June 2018 to
                September 2022, and the deputy general manager of China Merchants Finance Investment
                Holdings Co., Ltd. (currently known as China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.) from
                September 2022 to February 2023. She was the chief accountant and deputy general
                manager of Anhui Province Energy Group Co., Ltd., a director of Anhui Wenergy Company
 SU Min         Limited (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 000543), a director of Huishang Bank Corporation
 (蘇敏)           Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 03698), the chief accountant of
                China Shipping (Group) Company, the chairman of the board of directors of China Shipping
                Finance Co., Ltd., an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Energy Transportation Co., Ltd.
                (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600026; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:
                01138), a non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the
                SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02866), the
                chairman of the board of directors of China Shipping Leasing Co., Ltd., a director of China
                Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd., a supervisor of China Merchants
                Capital Co., Ltd., and the general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings.
                       Ms. SU Min obtained a bachelor’s degree in finance from Shanghai University of
                Finance and Economics in July 1990, and a master’s degree in business administration from
                the University of Science and Technology of China in December 2002. She was granted the
                qualifications of Certified Public Accountant, Certified Public Valuer and senior accountant in
                June 1998, June 1999 and June 2008, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

102
                                                  Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




  Name                                         Major work experience

                   Mr. WU has served as our executive Director since April 2022, and our President since
             January 2022. He served as a deputy director (Standing) of the Execution Committee of
             China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit from April 2021 to October 2021; served as
             an executive member (Standing) of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial
             Services Business Unit from June 2018 to April 2021; concurrently served as a director of
             China Merchants Insurance Holdings Company Limited (招商局保險控股有限公司) and the
             chairman of the board of directors of CM Houlder Insurance Brokers Limited (招商海達保
             險顧問有限公司) from February 2019 to November 2021; and served as a director of China
             Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited (招商局仁和人壽保險股份有限公司) from March
             2019 to October 2021. Mr. WU held various positions in China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co.,
             Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601601; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock
WU
             code: 02601) and its subsidiaries, and his last positions were vice president of China Pacific
Zongmin
             Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd., director of China Pacific Property Insurance Co., Ltd., director
(吳宗敏)
             of China Pacific Life Insurance Co., Ltd., director of Pacific Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
             director of CPIC Allianz Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (now known as Pacific Health Insurance
             Co., Ltd.). Mr. WU also served as a deputy general manager of China Merchants Finance
             Holdings Company Limited (招商局金融集團有限公司) and the general manager of China
             Merchants Renhe Property Insurance Company Limited (招商局仁和財產保險股份有限公司)
             (preparatory).
                   Mr. WU Zongmin received his bachelor’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiaotong
             University in July 1986, a master’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiaotong University in
             January 1989 and a master of business administration degree from China Europe International
             Business School in September 2007. Mr. WU holds the title of Senior Economist and is a
             member of the Associateship of the Chartered Insurance Institute (ACII).

                  Mr. LI has served as our non-executive Director since January 2023, and served as our
             Supervisor from July 2014 to January 2023. He has been the deputy general manager of the
             human resources department of China Merchants Group since December 2021, a director
             of China Merchants Investment Development Company Limited (招商局投資發展有限公
             司) since September 2022, and a supervisor of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed
             on the SZSE, stock code: 002939) since July 2015. He was an assistant to general manager
             of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from November 2014 to November 2017, a
             deputy general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. from November 2017
             to February 2019 and a standing member of the Execution Committee of China Merchants
LI Xiaofei
             Financial Services Business Unit from June 2018 to December 2021. He held such positions
(李曉霏)
             as secretary (chief at section level) of the general manager office, deputy manager of the
             planning and development department and deputy manager of the leasing department of
             Shenzhen Nanyou (Holdings) Ltd., manager of the administration and human resources
             department and secretary to the board of directors of Grand Auto Park Company Limited
             (深圳市平方汽車園區有限公司), senior manager of the human resources department of
             China Merchants Group, and general manager of the human resources department of China
             Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.
                  Mr. LI Xiaofei obtained a master’s degree in economics majoring in labor economics from
             Renmin University of China in January 2004.




                                                                                         2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                       103
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                          Major work experience

                     Mr. GAO has served as our non-executive Director since March 2020. He has been
                the deputy general manager (chief digital officer (CDO)) of China Merchants Life Insurance
                Company Limited (招商局仁和人壽保險股份有限公司) since February 2017, and a director
                and the general manager of China Merchants Financial Technology Co., Ltd. (招商局金融科技
                有限公司) since November 2017. He was a standing member of the Execution Committee of
                China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit from February 2019 to September 2022, and
                the deputy general manager of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. from September
                2022 to December 2022. He was an assistant engineer of the first engineering division
                of Nanjing No. 724 Research Institute (南京724研究所), an engineer of China Electronics
                Software Development Co. (中電軟件技術開發公司), an engineer and the business officer of
                the computer department, an engineer of actuary and information department, the officer of
 GAO            software development office and the assistant to general manager of computer department
 Hong           under life insurance of China Ping An Insurance Company (中國平安保險公司), the assistant
 (高宏)           to general manager of the Jilin Branch of China Ping An Insurance Company, the general
                manager of the computer department in the headquarter of Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd.,
                the deputy general manager (in charge of work) of the information management department
                and the assistant to general manager of the group shared service center of China Insurance
                (Holdings) Company Limited, the general manager of the information technology center,
                the assistant to general manager, and the general manager of innovation and development
                department of Funde Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (富德生命人壽股份有限公司) (during which
                time, he also served as the assistant to general manager of Funde Insurance Holding Co., Ltd.
                (富德保險控股股份有限公司)), and the chief digital officer (CDO) of China Merchants Finance
                Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局金融集團有限公司).
                     Mr. GAO Hong obtained a bachelor’s degree of science in computer software from the
                Department of Computer Science from Nanjing University in July 1989.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

104
                                                Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                        Major work experience

                  Mr. HUANG has served as our non-executive Director since August 2012. He has
            been the general manager of the capital operation department of China COSCO Shipping
            Corporation Limited since September 2016, a non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING
            Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
            Exchange, stock code: 02866) since June 2016, a director of Lanhai Medical Investment
            Co., Ltd. since May 2017, and a director of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co., Ltd.
            since August 2017. He was a director of Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (listed
            on the SSE, stock code: 601825) from June 2018 to December 2022. He successively served
            as the head of the capital management department of finance and capital division of China
            Ocean Shipping (Group) Company, a vice president and the general manager of the finance
            department of COSCO Logistics (Americas), Inc. (中遠物流（美洲）有限公司) (formerly known
HUANG
            as Intermodal Bridge Services Inc. ( 中 遠 美 國 內 陸 運 輸 公 司 )), the general manager of the
Jian (黃堅)
            finance department and the chief financial officer of COSCO Americas Inc., the deputy
            general manager of the finance department of China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company, the
            deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of the capital operation department of China
            COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited, and a director of COSCO SHIPPING Technology Co.,
            Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 002401).
                  Mr. HUANG Jian obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in auditing
            from Capital University of Economics and Business (formerly known as Beijing Institute of
            Finance and Trade) and a master’s degree in business management from Beijing Institute
            of Technology in July 1992 and March 2002, respectively. Mr. HUANG obtained the
            qualifications of accountant and senior accountant from the Ministry of Finance in May 1997
            and December 2015, respectively.




                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                   105
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                          Major work experience

                      Mr. LIU has served as our non-executive Director since November 2022. He has
                successively served as the general manager (from March 2016 to June 2022), an executive
                director (since June 2016) and the chairman of the board of directors (since June 2022) of
                COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (中遠海運發展股份有限公司) (formerly known as
                China Shipping Container Lines Company Limited (中海集裝箱運輸股份有限公司)) (listed on
                the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02866),
                and has successively served as a director (since July 2016) and the chairman of the board
                of directors (since June 2022) of COSCO SHIPPING Investment Holdings Co., Limited (中遠
                海運投資控股有限公司). He has served as the chairman of the board of directors of Haifa
                Baocheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (海發寶誠融資租賃有限公司) (formerly known as COSCO
                Shipping Leasing Co., Ltd. (中遠海運租賃有限公司)) since July 2016, a non-executive director
                of China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd. (中國信達資產管理股份有限公司) (listed on the
                Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 01359) since August 2017, a non-executive director
                of China Everbright Bank Company Limited (中國光大銀行股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE,
                stock code: 601818; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 06818) since
 LIU Chong      December 2019, and a director (since July 2016) and the chairman of the board of directors
 (劉沖)           (since May 2022) of COSCO SHIPPING Development (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (中遠海運發
                展（香港）有限公司) and COSCO Shipping Development (Asia) Co., Ltd. (中遠海運發展（亞
                洲）有限公司), successively. From May 2016 to March 2021, he has successively served as a
                non-executive director and a vice chairman of the board of directors of China International
                Marine Containers (Group) Co., Ltd. (中國國際海運集裝箱（集團）股份有限公司) (listed on the
                SZSE, stock code: 000039; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02039). He
                was the deputy general manager and general manager of China Shipping Investment Co.,
                Ltd. (中海集團投資有限公司), the chief financial officer and the deputy general manager of
                China Shipping Logistics Co., Ltd. (中海集團物流有限公司), and the chief accountant of China
                Shipping (Hainan) Haisheng Shipping Co., Ltd. (中海（海南）海盛船務股份有限公司) and China
                Shipping Container Lines Company Limited (中海集裝箱運輸股份有限公司) (listed on the
                SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02866). In
                addition, he served as our Director and Supervisor from July 2008 to May 2014 and from May
                2014 to May 2017, respectively.
                      Mr. LIU Chong obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Sun Yat-sen University
                (中山大學) in July 1990 and was awarded the title of senior accountant in November 2000.
                      Mr. WANG has served as our non-executive Director since July 2019. He has been a vice
                president of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司) since July
                2017, and the chairman of the board of directors of China-US Insurance Advisory Co., Ltd.
                (中美國際保險銷售服務有限責任公司) since May 2017. He was the assistant to manager and
                the deputy manager of life insurance department, the deputy manager of domestic business
 WANG           department and the manager of vehicle insurance department of the Beijing Branch of China
 Wen            Pacific Insurance Co., Ltd., the assistant to general manager and the deputy general manager
 (王文)           of the Beijing Branch of China Pacific Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (中國太平洋人壽保險股份有限公
                司), the leader of the preparatory group, the deputy general manager (person-in-charge) and
                the general manager of the Beijing Branch of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited, and the
                sales director of PICC Life Insurance Company Limited.
                      Mr. WANG Wen obtained a bachelor’s and master’s degree in law from Peking University
                in July 1991 and July 2005, respectively.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

106
                                                 Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                         Major work experience

                  Mr. XIANG has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. He has
            been a director of CONNECT WEALTH INVESTMENT LIMITED and NeoSpective Capital Limited
            since October 2021. He served as the chief executive officer of Durer Investment Management
            Co., Ltd. (圖瑞投資管理有限公司) from January 2018 to January 2022. He successively acted
            as an officer and the deputy head of the Balance of Payments Department and General Affairs
XIANG       Department of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, and the head of the Central
Hua (向華)    Foreign Exchange Business Center of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the
            general manager of SAFE Investment Company Limited, and the chief executive officer and
            chief operating officer of Deepwater Capital Limited.
                  Mr. XIANG Hua obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Beijing Normal
            University and a master’s degree in economics from Renmin University of China in July 1994
            and September 2001, respectively.

                 Mr. XIAO has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. He
           has been the principal partner of RSM China (special general partnership) (容誠會計師事務所
           （特殊普通合夥）) (formerly known as HuaPu TianJian Certified Public Accountants LLP) since
           January 2014, and a director of Jingfu Cardiovascular Hospital (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd. (京阜心血
           管醫院（徐州）有限責任公司) since November 2019. He was an executive director of Beijing
           Zhongfa Shengxing Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京中發晟興管理諮詢有限公司) from
XIAO
           April 2020 to December 2020, and a director of Guohua Kangping Elderly Service Co., Ltd.
Houfa
           (國華康平養老服務有限公司) from April 2019 to November 2020. He was the founder, deputy
(肖厚發)
           chief accountant and chief accountant of Anhui HuaPu Certified Public Accountants (安徽華
           普會計師事務所), and the chief accountant of HuaPu TianJian Certified Public Accountants
           (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (華普天健會計師事務所（北京）有限公司).
                 Mr. XIAO Houfa obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Shanghai University
           of Finance and Economics in July 1988. He has received the title of senior accountant and is a
           certified public accountant.




                                                                                        2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                     107
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                           Major work experience

                     Mr. XIONG has served as our independent non-executive Director since August 2017. He
                has been teaching at Princeton University since July 2000 and has been serving as professor
                of economics since July 2007, Trumbull-Adams Professor of Finance since July 2014, academic
                advisor at Hong Kong Institute for Monetary and Financial Research since July 2012, academic
                dean of the School of Economics and Management at The Chinese University of Hong Kong,
 XIONG          Shenzhen since June 2015, and dean of Shenzhen Finance Institute, CUHK(SZ) since January
 Wei (熊偉)       2016. He was a visiting professor of the Faculty of Economics at the University of Cambridge
                from September 2021 to August 2022.
                     Mr. XIONG Wei obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from the University of Science
                and Technology of China, a master’s degree in physics from Columbia University in the United
                States and a doctoral degree in finance from Duke University in the United States in July 1993,
                May 1995 and May 2001, respectively.

                     Mr. HU has served as our independent non-executive Director since July 2017. He
                has been a professor of law and doctoral advisor at Fudan University since January 2008,
                while concurrently serving as an independent director of Shanghai Amarsoft Information
                & Technology Co., Ltd. (上海安碩信息技術股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code:
                300380) since March 2017, an independent director of Shanghai China Fortune Co., Ltd.
                (上海華鑫股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600621) since May 2017, and an
 HU             independent director of Shenzhen Pacific Union Precision Manufacturing Company Ltd. (深圳
 Honggao        市泛海統聯精密製造股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 688210) since April 2020.
 (胡鴻高)          He was an independent director of Tofflon Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (東富龍科技集團
                股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 300171) from March 2014 to February 2020,
                and an independent director of Perfect Group Corp., Ltd. (倍加潔集團股份有限公司) (listed on
                the SSE, stock code: 603059) from June 2016 to September 2022. He was the head of faculty
                of law and vice dean of Fudan Law School at Fudan University.
                     Mr. HU Honggao obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from Peking University in July
                1983.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

108
                                                  Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




  Name                                        Major work experience

                  Mr. FENG has served as our independent non-executive Director since November 2022.
            He has been an independent non-executive director of CIMC Vehicles (Group) Co., Ltd.
            (“CIMC Vehicles”) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 301039; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
            Exchange, stock code: 01839) since June 2019. He has extensive working and management
            experience in the ocean transportation, shipping and logistics industries and has obtained
            good qualifications in the transportation industry. He served as a vice section chief, the
            section chief, a vice division chief, the division chief, a vice chief accountant and the chief
            accountant of finance department of Qingdao Ocean Shipping Company (青島遠洋運輸公司),
            the general manager of finance department of China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (中
            國遠洋運輸（集團）總公司), the financial director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (中
            遠海運控股股份有限公司) (formerly known as China COSCO Holdings Company Limited (中
FENG        國遠洋控股股份有限公司)) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601919; listed on the Hong Kong
Jinhua      Stock Exchange, stock code: 01919), a vice managing director of COSCO Pacific Limited (中遠
(豐金華)       太平洋有限公司), the financial director of COSCO (Hong Kong) Group Limited (中遠（香港）集
            團有限公司), and a non-executive director of CIMC Vehicles (listed on the SZSE, stock code:
            301039; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 01839).
                  Mr. FENG Jinhua graduated from Qingdao Ocean Shipping Mariners College (青島遠
            洋 船 員 學 院 ), majoring in accounting, in July 1986, and obtained an Executive Master of
            Business Administration degree from the Business School of the University of International
            Business and Economics (對外經濟貿易大學) in December 2006. He was awarded the senior
            accountant qualification by China Road and Bridge Corporation (中國路橋（集團）總公司)
            in September 2005, the title of the excellent accountant in transportation industry by the
            China Communications Accounting Society (中國交通會計學會) in April 2006 and the title of
            outstanding informatization application promoter by the National Informatization Evaluation
            Center (國家信息化測評中心) in February 2007.
                 Ms. ZHOU has served as our Chairman of the Supervisory Committee since July 2014.
            She has been a supervisor and the chairman of the supervisory committee of China Merchants
            Fund Management Co., Ltd. since April and May 2020, respectively. She was a supervisor of
            Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601166), an independent director of
            Jiangxi Selon Industrial Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 002748), an independent
ZHOU
            director of China Merchants Fund, the managing director of China Merchants China
Linda Lei
            Investment Management Limited, and an executive director of China Merchants China Direct
(周語菡)
            Investments Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 00133).
                 Ms. ZHOU Linda Lei obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in finance and
            accounting from Renmin University of China and a master’s degree in business administration
            from Sonoma State University of the California State University in July 1989 and January 1993,
            respectively.




                                                                                         2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                       109
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                            Major work experience

                      Mr. XU has served as our Supervisor since January 2023. He has been the chairman of
                the board of directors of Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. since December
                2017, a director of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市
                招商平安資產管理有限責任公司) since June 2022, and the chief financial officer of Liaoning
                Port Group Limited since March 2023. He was the deputy general manager (and chief financial
                officer) of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. from September 2022 to March
                2023, a director of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (長城證券股份有限公司) (listed on
                the SZSE, stock code: 002939) from August 2017 to October 2020, a supervisor of China
                Merchants Capital Co., Ltd. (招商局資本投資有限責任公司) from December 2018 to March
                2020, a director of China Merchants Innovation Investment Management Co., Ltd. (招商局
 XU Xin         創新投資管理有限責任公司) from March 2020 to October 2021, a standing member of the
 (徐鑫)           Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit from June 2018 to
                September 2022, and a director of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
                from December 2017 to September 2022. He also served as the international credit manager
                of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (Shenzhen Branch), the deputy financial planning officer,
                financial planning officer, assistant to general manager, assistant to section head and director
                of the capital division of China Merchants Group Limited, the deputy general manager of
                China Merchants International Finance Company Limited, the deputy officer of the finance
                department of China Merchants Group, and the chief financial officer of China Merchants
                Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.
                      Mr. XU Xin graduated with a doctoral degree in management majoring in finance from
                Renmin University of China in December 2018.

                      Mr. WANG has served as our Supervisor since June 2017. Mr. WANG has been the chief
                auditor (首席稽核官) of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. since September 2022,
                and a director of Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Chu
                Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development
                Co., Ltd. since November 2014. He was the chief auditor (首席稽核官) of the Execution
                Committee of China Merchants Financial Services Business Unit from April 2019 to September
                2022, and a supervisor of China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (currently
                known as China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.) from September 2011 to September
                2022. He also served as the manager of the audit department of China Merchants Shekou
 WANG
                Holdings Co., Ltd., manager of the finance department of China Merchants Technology
 Zhangwei
                Holdings Co., Ltd., senior manager of the audit department of China Merchants Group
 (王章為)
                Limited, general manager of the finance department of China Merchants Finance Holdings
                Co., Ltd., general manager of Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd., Shenzhen
                Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and
                Development Co., Ltd., and assistant to general manager of China Merchants Finance
                Holdings Co., Ltd.
                      Mr. WANG Zhangwei obtained a bachelor’s degree from Dongbei University of Finance
                and Economics and an MBA degree from University of South Australia in July 1995 and April
                2008, respectively. He is a certified public accountant in the PRC and an international certified
                internal auditor.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

110
                                               Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                      Major work experience

                Mr. MA has served as our Supervisor since June 2017. He has been a director of
          ZJMI Environmental Energy Co., Ltd. (浙江物產環保能源股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE,
          stock code: 603071) since May 2022, the chairman of the board of directors of Hebei Port
          Group (Tianjin) Investment Management Co., Ltd. (河 北 港 口 集 團（ 天 津 ）投 資 管 理 有 限 公
          司) since October 2020, and the chairman of the board of directors of Hebei Port Group
          Shanghai Investment Management Company since January 2016. He served as a cadre of the
          electromechanical division, vice head and head of the lading team, and deputy manager of
MA
          the Sixth Port Service Branch of Qinghuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司第六港務
Yunchun
          分公司), manager of Logistics Company of Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限公司
(馬蘊春)
          物流公司), manager of the First Port Service Branch of Qinhuangdao Port Company Limited
          (秦皇島港口股份有限公司) (formerly known as Qinhuangdao Port Co., Ltd. (秦皇島港口有限
          公司)), and the general manager of Hebei Port Group (Tianjin) Investment Management Co.,
          Ltd. (河北港口集團（天津）投資管理有限公司) and Hebei Port Group Shanghai Investment
          Management Company.
                Mr. MA Yunchun obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in welding from
          Tianjin University in July 1989 and April 1994, respectively.

                Mr. ZHANG has served as our Supervisor since October 2020. He has also served as the
          general manager of the financial capital department of China Communications Construction
          Company Ltd. (中國交通建設股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601800; listed on
          the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 01800) since January 2020, the vice chairman
          of the board of directors of Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. (江泰保險經紀股份有限公
          司) since July 2022, a director of China Road & Bridge Corporation (中國路橋工程有限責任公
          司) since January 2023, and a director of Southwest Municipal Engineering Design & Research
          Institute (Group) of China (中國市政工程西南設計研究總院有限公司) since February 2023. He
          was a supervisor of Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd. (江泰保險經紀股份有限公司) from
          May 2020 to July 2022, and the deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of the financial
ZHANG
          capital department of China Communications Construction Company Ltd. (中國交通建設股
Zhen
          份有限公司) from December 2019 to January 2020. He served as an auditor of audit division,
(張震)
          the chief finance manager of Zaire O-W Project, the manager of finance division in charge of
          reporting accounts, the chief accountant of Science Research Institute, the chief of finance
          division, and the deputy chief accountant of CCCC First Highway Engineering Bureau Co.,
          Ltd. (中交第一公路工程局有限公司), and a director and the chief accountant of CCCC First
          Highway Engineering Group Co., Ltd. (中交一公局集團有限公司) (formerly known as CCCC
          First Highway Engineering Bureau Co., Ltd. (中交第一公路工程局有限公司)).
                Mr. ZHANG Zhen obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering finance and accounting
          from Changsha Transportation College Faculty of Management in July 1985, and was
          awarded with professional qualification of senior accountant from the Professional Skill and
          Qualification Assessment Committee of Ministry of Transportation in August 1997.




                                                                                     2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                  111
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                          Major work experience

                      Mr. ZOU has served as our Supervisor since October 2020. He has also served as the
                general manager of Shenzhen Huaqiang Dingxin Investment Co., Ltd. since March 2021,
                a director of Guangdong Huaqiang Property Co., Ltd. since January 2008, and a director
                of Shenzhen Huaqiang Dingxin Investment Co., Ltd. since January 2015. He was the chief
                of securities investment department of Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                from December 2018 to March 2021. He served as the deputy chief and chief of financial
                settlement center, the chief of investment management division and a supervisor of Shenzhen
                Huaqiang Group Co., Ltd., a director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Industry Co., Ltd. (listed on the
                SZSE, stock code: 000062), the deputy managing director of Shenzhen Sanyang Huaqiang
                Laser Electronic Co., Ltd., the deputy general manager of Huaqiang Cloud Investment Holding
                Co., Ltd., the general managing director of Shenzhen Huaqiang Laser Electronic Co., Ltd., the
 ZOU Qun
                general manager of Shenzhen Huaqiang Zhaoyang Energy Co., Ltd., the chief of securities
 (鄒群)
                investment department of Shenzhen Huaqiang Asset Management Group Co., Ltd., a director
                of Shenzhen Huaqiang Group Co., Ltd., the general manager of Shenzhen Qianhai Huaqiang
                Xinghe Financial Leasing Development Co., Ltd., and the general manager of Shenzhen
                Huaqiang Group Finance Co., Ltd.
                      Mr. ZOU Qun obtained a bachelor’s degree in magnetic physics and devices from
                Huazhong University of Science and Technology (formerly known as Huazhong Institute of
                Technology) in July 1988. He was also awarded with the finance professional qualification
                of intermediate economist by Ministry of Personal Affairs of the People’s Republic of China
                in June 1995, and obtained the qualification of senior professional manager in enterprise
                management from China Professional Manager Qualification Assessment Committee in July
                2005.

                      Ms. YIN has served as our employee representative Supervisor since August 2007. Ms.
                YIN has been our assistant to general manager since January 2022, and our Chief Human
                Resource Officer since June 2020. She was the general manager of our Department of
                Retail Brokerage and Department of Operations and Administration from August 2017 to
                August 2018, and the general manager of our Human Resources Department from August
 YIN            2018 to May 2020. She served as the assistant to manager and head of the customer
 Hongyan        service department of our Shenzhen Zhenhua Road securities branch, deputy manager of
 (尹虹艷)          our Shenzhen Fumin Road securities branch, assistant to general manager of our Private
                Customer Service Department, manager of our Shenzhen Fumin Road securities branch and
                deputy general manager and later general manager of our Department of Operations and
                Administration.
                      Ms. YIN Hongyan obtained a doctoral degree in law majoring in sociology from Nankai
                University in June 2006.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

112
                                                Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                       Major work experience

                 Ms. HE has served as our employee representative Supervisor since July 2009 and the
           general manager of our Capital Management Department since March 2022. She was the
           chairman of the supervisory committee of Bosera Asset Management Co., Limited from April
           2019 to September 2022, a director of China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co.,
           Ltd. from July 2019 to June 2022, a director of China Merchants Futures Co., Ltd. from May
           2019 to April 2022, and a director of China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
           from May 2019 to March 2022. She served as the deputy general manager of our Finance
HE Min
           Department from April 2009 to February 2019, and the general manager of our Finance
(何敏)
           Department from February 2019 to March 2022. She also served as the assistant to general
           manager of our Finance Department.
                 Ms. HE Min obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting and a
           master’s degree in management majoring in accounting, both from Zhongnan University of
           Economics and Law (formerly known as Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics), in
           July 1996 and June 1999, respectively. She was granted the qualification of Certified Public
           Accountant in October 1999 by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

                 Mr. CHEN has served as our employee representative Supervisor since March 2023. He
           has been the head of our audit department since February 2023, and successively served
           as the deputy general manager (in charge of work) of our internal review department, and
           the deputy general manager (in charge of work) and the general manager of the internal
           review department of our risk management center from April 2020 to February 2023. From
           June 2015 to April 2020, he served as the deputy general manager of our risk management
           department (during the period from June 2017 to April 2020, he also served as the chief
CHEN Jun   risk officer of CMS Zhiyuan). He previously served as the financial director of the project
(陳鋆)       department of Pakistan Barotha Hydropower Plant of Sinohydro Engineering Bureau 8 Co.,
           Ltd. (中國水利水電第八工程局公司), an auditor of KPMG Huazhen LLP, Shenzhen Branch
           (畢馬威華振會計師事務所深圳分所), and the assistant to the general manager of our risk
           management department.
                 Mr. CHEN Jun obtained a bachelor’s degree majoring in trade economics from Guizhou
           University of Finance and Economics (貴州財經大學) (formerly known as Guizhou College of
           Finance and Economics (貴州財經學院)) in July 1998, and a master’s degree majoring in law
           from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in July 2006, respectively.
                Mr. WU has served as our Vice President since November 2018 and our Secretary to the
           Board since December 2014. He served as the head of the settlement center of China Nanshan
           Development (Group) Co., Ltd., deputy manager of the finance department of Shanghai
           Nanshan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (上海南山房地產開發有限公司) (formerly known
           as Shanghai Chengnan Real Estate Development Company (上海誠南房地產開發公司)),
           and general manager of the finance and audit department, general manager of the human
WU
           resources department, assistant to general manager, and deputy general manager of China
Huifeng
           Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd. He also worked for us as Director, Supervisor, co-
(吳慧峰)
           general manager of the Board office and assistant to president.
                Mr. WU Huifeng obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in accounting
           from the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in economics
           majoring in finance from Peking University in June 1996 and January 2012, respectively. Mr.
           WU was granted the qualification of accountant in May 1998 by the Ministry of Finance of the
           PRC.

                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                   113
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                          Major work experience

                      Mr. ZHAO has served as our Vice President since November 2018. He has been the
                chairman of the board of directors of CMS International since January 2022. He was an
                executive director of CMS Investment from January 2019 to May 2022, the chief compliance
                officer of CMS Asset Management from January 2018 to January 2021, and the chairman of
                the supervisory committee of China Merchants Fund from September 2017 to April 2020. He
                took the position of assistant to manager and manager of our Haikou branch, head of Futian
                branch, assistant to general manager of our Brokerage Business Department, deputy manager
 ZHAO Bin       (person-in-charge) of our Shenzhen Longgang securities branch, manager of our Shenzhen
 (趙斌)           Nanshan Nanyou Road securities branch, general manager of our Private Customer Service
                Department, general manager of our Channel Management Department, general manager
                of our Department of Retail Brokerage, our employee representative Supervisor and Chief
                Compliance Officer, and director of CMS Asset Management and China Merchants Futures.
                      Mr. ZHAO Bin obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in international
                finance from Shenzhen University and a master’s degree in science majoring in project
                management from the University of Greenwich in June 1992 and December 2010,
                respectively.

                      Mr. HU has served as our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Risk Officer since
                December 2018. He was a teacher in Xishan Middle School (西山中學), teacher of the foreign
                language teaching and research office of Jiangxi Medical College, deputy principal staff
                member of Department of Policy and Regulations, the principal staff member of Department
                of Intermediary Supervision, the deputy officer and director of Office of the Party Committee
                as well as the director of No.1 Inspection Office of Shenzhen Bureau of the CSRC, a member
 HU Yu
                of Party Committee and the secretary of Disciplinary Committee of Hainan Bureau of the
 (胡宇)
                CSRC, the deputy head of capital operation department of China Merchants Group, and
                a member of Party Committee and the secretary of Disciplinary Committee of Guangdong
                Bureau of the CSRC.
                      Mr. HU Yu obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Jiangxi Normal University (江西師範
                大學) and a Master’s degree in Finance from Graduate School of People’s Bank of China in July
                1989 and July 1996, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

114
                                                Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




  Name                                       Major work experience

                  Mr. ZHANG has served as our Vice President since May 2022. He was a director and the
            chief investment officer of China Life Franklin Asset Management Company Limited from
            October 2019 to November 2021. He once worked in China Life Asset Management Company
            Limited and served as a senior researcher, deputy general manager (person-in-charge)
            of strategic planning department, deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of direct
            investment division, deputy general manager (person-in-charge) of international business
            department and the general manager of international business department. He was a senior
ZHANG
            manager of international quantitative portfolio strategy department of Lehman Brothers/
Haochuan
            Nomura Securities, a senior system design engineer of engineering department of Applied
(張浩川)
            Materials, Inc., and a director and the president of China Life Franklin Asset Management
            Company Limited.
                  Mr. ZHANG Haochuan obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering mechanics from
            Tsinghua University in July 1995, a master’s degree in aerospace engineering from Georgia
            Institute of Technology in December 1996, a doctoral degree in mechanical engineering from
            the University of California, Berkeley in December 2001, and a master’s degree in financial
            engineering from the University of California, Berkeley in May 2007.

                  Mr. XIONG served as our non-executive Director from December 2014 to January 2022.
            He has served as the director of the research and development center of China Merchants
            Group and dean of China Merchants Technology and Innovation Research and Development
            Institute (招商局科技創新發展研究院) since August 2021. He served as the head of the
            strategic development department of China Merchants Group from March 2015 to August
            2021. He concurrently acted as the head of the security and supervision department of China
            Merchants Group from February 2017 to October 2018, and director of the research and
            development center of China Merchants Group and dean of China Merchants Technology and
            Innovation Research and Development Institute (招商局科技創新發展研究院) from August
            2018 to November 2020. He served as an executive director of China Merchants Port Holdings
            Company Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 00144) from June
            2018 to October 2021, a non-executive director of Sinotrans Limited (listed on the SSE,
            stock code: 601598; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 00598) from June
XIONG
            2019 to October 2021, a director of China Merchants Innovation Investment Management
Xianliang
            Co., Ltd. from August 2018 to January 2022, and a director of China Merchants Investment
(熊賢良)
            Development Company Limited (招商局投資發展有限公司) from April 2020 to September
            2022. He was a researcher and division head of the Development Research Center of the State
            Council, deputy director of Chongqing Development and Planning Commission, vice leader
            of the general group of the steering committee office of Western Region Development of
            the State Council (國務院西部開發領導小組辦公室綜合組), inspector of the Research Office
            of the State Council, general manager (head) of the strategic research department of China
            Merchants Group, non-executive director of China Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock
            code: 600036; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 03968), and head of the
            information management department and research department of China Merchants Group.
                  Mr. XIONG Xianliang obtained a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in global
            economics from Nankai University in June 1991 and December 1993, respectively. He was
            granted the title of Researcher by the Development Research Center of the State Council in
            September 2000.



                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                   115
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                         Major work experience

                      Ms. PENG served as our non-executive Director from August 2007 to January 2023.
                She has served as a director of China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE,
                stock code: 002939) since June 2011. She was a director of Shenzhen China Merchants
                Ping An Investment Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商平安投資管理有限公司) and China
                Merchants Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (招商投資管理（深圳）有限公司)
                from November 2021 to September 2022, a director of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping
                An Asset Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商平安資產管理有限責任公司) from December
                2018 to June 2022, the deputy general manager of Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An
                Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 2021 to June 2022, a director of China Merchants
                Commerce Leasing Co., Ltd. (招商局通商融資租賃有限公司) from August 2018 to November
 PENG Lei
                2021, and a standing member of the Execution Committee of China Merchants Financial
 (彭磊)
                Services Business Unit from June 2018 to June 2021. She served as an executive director of
                Union Asset Management Company, the deputy general manager of the general management
                department, general manager of the audit department, general manager of the China
                business department, general manager of the securities department, deputy general manager
                and assistant to general manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings, a director of Morgan
                Stanley Huaxin Fund Management Co., Ltd., and a director of Bosera Funds.
                      Ms. PENG Lei obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in business
                management from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics and a master’s
                degree in economics majoring in finance from Peking University in July 1994 and July 2010,
                respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

116
                                               Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                      Major work experience

                Mr. WANG served as our non-executive Director from September 2016 to May 2022.
          He has been an independent director of Chengtong Securities Co., Ltd. since May 2022. He
          was an executive director and the chairman of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING
          Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange, stock code: 02866) from May 2016 and July 2019 to June 2022 respectively and
          a non-executive director of China Merchants Bank (listed on the SSE, stock code: 600036;
          listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 03968) from November 2016 to June
          2022. He was the vice chairman of the board of directors of New China COSCO Financial
          Holdings Limited (新華遠海金融控股有限公司) from March 2017 to January 2020, chairman
          of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co., Ltd. from October 2017
          to March 2020, chief executive officer of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on
          the SSE, stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02866)
          from March 2016 to April 2020, and chairman of the board of directors of COSCO SHIPPING
WANG      Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (formerly known as COSCO SHIPPING Financial Holdings Co.,
Daxiong   Ltd.) from March 2014 to January 2022. He acted as division head and office chief of the
(王大雄)     Finance Office of the Guangzhou Maritime Bureau (廣州海運局財務處), head of the finance
          department and chief accountant of Guangzhou Maritime Transport (Group) Co., Ltd., chief
          accountant, vice president and deputy general manager of China Shipping (Group) Company,
          vice chairman and chairman of the board of directors of Lanhai Medical Investment Co.,
          Ltd., non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE,
          stock code: 601866; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 02866), executive
          director of COSCO SHIPPING Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE, stock code:
          600026; listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 01138), and director of CIB
          Fund Management Co., Ltd.
                Mr. WANG Daxiong obtained a bachelor’s degree majoring in finance and economics
          from Shanghai Maritime University and an EMBA degree from Shanghai University of Finance
          and Economics in July 1983 and January 2012, respectively. He also obtained the qualification
          of senior accountant from the Ministry of Transport of the People’s Republic of China in
          November 1995.

                Mr. WONG served as our independent non-executive Director from January 2018 to
          November 2022. He has served as an independent director of Hang Seng Bank (China) Limited
          since August 2022, an independent director of China International Fund Management Co.,
          Ltd. since April 2019, and a supervisor of Vivasolis Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (中國台灣旭昶生
          物科技股份有限公司) since August 2016. He was an independent director of Fosun United
          Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (復星聯合健康保險股份有限公司) from July 2017 to May 2019, an
WONG Ti   independent non-executive director of 51 Credit Card Inc. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
(汪棣)      Exchange, stock code: 02051) from July 2018 to April 2022, and an independent director of
          Asia-Pacific Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. from April 2016 to October 2022. He was
          also a partner, manager and auditor of Pricewaterhouse Coopers (PwC) China.
                Mr. WONG Ti obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the Department of
          Business Administration of National Taiwan University in 1982 and a Master of Business
          Administration (MBA) degree from University of California, Los Angeles in 1986. Mr. WONG
          obtained a qualification as a certified public accountant in China in October 2002.




                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                   117
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name                                          Major work experience

                     Ms. SHEN has served as the general manager of CMS Zhiyuan since February 2023.
                She was our employee representative Supervisor from October 2020 to March 2023, and
                the general manager of our Audit Department from March 2020 to February 2023. She also
                served as an independent director of RAYITEK HI-TECH Film Company Ltd., Shenzhen (深圳瑞
                華泰薄膜科技股份有限公司) (listed on the SSE, stock code: 688323) from May 2020 to April
                2022, an independent director of Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd.
                (深圳市新產業生物醫學工程股份有限公司) (listed on the SZSE, stock code: 300832) from June
 SHEN           2020 to May 2022, and a vice president of ZTF Securities Limited (中天國富證券有限責任公司)
 Weihua         from July 2017 to April 2019.
 (沈衛華)               She once worked in Shenzhen Zhongshen Certified Accounting Firm (深圳中審會計師事
                務所), and was an auditing manager of Shenzhen Pengcheng Certified Public Accounting Firm
                (深圳鵬程會計師事務所), an internal auditing general manager of our Investment Banking
                Department, the general manager of China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd.,
                and the managing director of ZTF Securities Limited.
                     Ms. SHEN Weihua obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree
                in History of Foreign Economic Thoughts from the Economics and Management School of
                Wuhan University in July 1993 and July 1997, respectively.

                      Mr. LI served as our Vice President from July 2015 to July 2022. He was the chairman of
                the board of directors of China Merchants Futures from March 2019 to July 2022, the vice
                chairman of the board of directors of Qingdao Assets Management Co., Ltd. (青島市資產管理
                有限責任公司) from December 2018 to August 2021, and a director of E-Capital Transfer Co.,
                Ltd. from January 2019 to June 2021. He took the positions of assistant to general manager
                of COSCO Finance Co., Ltd. and general manager of its Beijing securities department, deputy
                manager of the overseas listing department of COSCO’s asset management center, assistant
 LI Zongjun     to general manager of China Merchants Holdings (International) Company Limited, deputy
 (李宗軍)          general manager of the corporate planning department of China Merchants Group, deputy
                general manager of China Merchants Capital Investments Co., Ltd., deputy general manager
                of China Merchants Food Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. (招商局食品供應鏈管理有限
                公司), assistant to President of the Company, and chairman of the board of directors of CMS
                Zhiyuan.
                      Mr. LI Zongjun obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in
                economics, both from Nankai University, in July 1987 and April 1990, respectively. He was
                granted the qualification of senior economist by the Ministry of Transport in October 1998.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

118
                                             Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




 Name                                    Major work experience

             Mr. ZHANG served as our Vice President from March 2021 to May 2022. He worked
        in the CSRC and successively served in the Department of Public Offering Supervision, the
        International Cooperation Division and the Corporate Bonds Supervision Department from
        March 1998 to November 2017, where he served as principal staff member, deputy division
        head and division head at the Department of Public Offering Supervision and the International
        Cooperation Division of the CSRC form March 1998 to April 2015; during such period, he
        held temporary position (掛職) at the Financial Affairs Office of Yunnan Province and served
        as a full-time deputy director of the Leading Group Office of Corporate Listing of Yunnan
ZHANG
        Province (雲南省推進企業上市領導小組辦公室專職副主任) form November 2012 to October
Qing
        2014; and served as deputy inspector and deputy director of the Corporate Bonds Supervision
(張慶)
        Department of the CSRC from April 2015 to November 2017. He was awarded the title of
        “Excellent Youth of China State Organs (中央國家機關優秀青年)” of Year 2002-2003 and was
        as an expert for the propositional group of the Chinese Sponsor Representative Examination
        (保薦代表人考試命題專家組專家) upon the implementation of the Measures for the Sponsor
        System for the Issuance and Listing of Securities.
             Mr. ZHANG Qing obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and Master’s Degree in
        Economics from the Central Institute of Finance and Banking in June 1993 and January 1996,
        respectively.




                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                 119
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Positions of incumbent Directors, Supervisors and senior management and those resigned
       during the Reporting Period

1.       Positions in shareholders


                                                                                 Date of         Date of
       Name               Name of shareholder              Position
                                                                               appointment     termination

                     China Merchants Finance
                     Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              September
                     (currently known as China       General manager         December 2017
                                                                                              2022
 SU Min (蘇敏)         Merchants Financial Holdings
                     Co., Ltd.)

                     China Merchants Financial       Deputy general
                                                                             September 2022   February 2023
                     Holdings Co., Ltd.              manager

 GAO Hong            China Merchants Financial       Deputy general                           December
                                                                             September 2022
 (高宏)                Holdings Co., Ltd.              manager                                  2022

 WANG Wen            PICC Life Insurance Company
                                                     Vice president          July 2017        to date
 (王文)                Limited

                                                     Deputy general
                     China Merchants Financial
                                                     manager (and chief      September 2022   March 2023
                     Holdings Co., Ltd.
 XU Xin (徐鑫)                                         financial officer)

                     Shenzhen Jisheng Investment     Chairman of the
                                                                             December 2017    to date
                       Development Co., Ltd.           board of directors

                     China Merchants Financial
                                                     Chief auditor           September 2022   to date
                     Holdings Co., Ltd.

                     China Merchants Finance
 WANG                Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              September
 Zhangwei            (currently known as China       Supervisor              September 2011
                                                                                              2022
 (王章為)               Merchants Financial Holdings
                     Co., Ltd.)

                     Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
                                                     Director                November 2014    to date
                     Development Co., Ltd.

                                                     General manager of
 ZHANG Zhen          China Communications
                                                     the financial capital   January 2020     to date
 (張震)                Construction Company Ltd.
                                                     department

 Description of
   positions in                                                   Nil
   shareholders




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

120
                                                      Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



2.   Positions in other companies


                                                                                   Date of           Date of
     Name               Name of company                       Position
                                                                                 appointment       termination

                                                       Member of the
                                                        Execution
                                                        Committee of China                       September
                 China Merchants Group                                           June 2018
                                                        Merchants Financial                      2022
 HUO Da (霍達)                                            Services Business
                                                        Unit

                                                       Chairman of the board     November
                 CMS Zhiyuan                                                                     February 2022
                                                         of directors            2021

                                                       Head of the finance
                                                         department              December
                 China Merchants Group                                                           to date
                                                         (property rights        2020
                                                         department)

                 AviChina Industry & Technology        Independent non-
                                                                                 June 2018       to date
                   Company Limited                       executive director

                                                       Executive director, and
                 China Merchants Port Holdings                                                   December
                                                         then non-executive      March 2021
                   Company Limited                                                               2022
                                                         director

 LIU Weiwu       China Merchants Industry Holdings                                               September
                                                       Director                  March 2021
 (劉威武)             Co., Ltd.                                                                     2022

                 China Merchants Zhangzhou                                                       November
                                                       Director                  March 2021
                   Development Zone Co., Ltd.                                                    2022

                 China Merchants Chongqing
                   Communications Technology                                                     September
                                                       Director                  March 2021
                   Research & Design Institute Co.,                                              2022
                   Ltd.

                 China Merchants International
                                                       Director                  March 2021      to date
                   Finance Company Limited

                 Liaoning Port Group Limited           Director                  March 2021      to date




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             121
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                     Date of          Date of
      Name                   Name of company                     Position
                                                                                   appointment      termination

                     China Merchants Expressway
                       Network & Technology Holdings      Director                 April 2021      January 2023
                       Co., Ltd.

                     China Merchants Sharing Services
                                                          Executive director       April 2021      to date
                       Co., Ltd.

                     China Merchants Port Group Co.,
                                                          Director                 May 2021        to date
                       Ltd.

                                                                                                   September
                     Sinotrans Limited                    Non-executive director   June 2021
                                                                                                   2022

                     China Merchants Investment                                                    September
                                                          Director                 June 2021
                       Development Company Limited                                                 2022

                     China Merchants Life Insurance
                                                          Director                 June 2021       to date
                       Company Limited

                     China Merchants Taiping Bay                                                   September
                                                          Director                 July 2021
                       Development Investment Co., Ltd.                                            2022

                     China Merchants Union (BVI)
                                                          Director                 October 2021    to date
                       Limited

                     China Merchants Testing                                                       September
                                                          Director                 February 2022
                       Technology Holdings Co., Ltd.                                               2022

                     China Merchants Group Finance                                                 September
                                                          Director                 March 2022
                       Co., Ltd.                                                                   2022




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

122
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                 Date of             Date of
    Name               Name of company                      Position
                                                                               appointment         termination
               Strategic Development Department/
                 Technological Innovation
                                                     Head                      August 2021       to date
                 Department of China Merchants
                 Group

               Chongqing Qianbao Crossborder
                                                     Director                  April 2014        to date
                 Technology Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                 December
               SF Holding Co., Ltd.                  Director                  April 2019
                                                                                                 2022

               China Merchants Energy Shipping
                                                     Director                  April 2019        to date
                 Co., Ltd.

               China Merchants Investment            General manager and                         September
                                                                               April 2020
                 Development Company Limited          director                                   2022

               China Merchants Taiping Bay
                                                     Director                  April 2020        to date
                 Development Investment Co., Ltd.

                                                     Chairman of the board
DENG Weidong   Shenzhen Zhaoguang Investment
                                                       of directors and        May 2020          to date
(鄧偉棟)            Co., Ltd.
                                                       general manager

               China International Marine
                                                     Director                  October 2020      to date
                 Containers (Group) Co., Ltd.

               China Economic and Trade Shipping     General manager and                         September
                                                                               February 2021
                 Co., Ltd.                            director                                   2022

               China Merchants Innovation
                 Investment Management Co.,          Director                  August 2021       August 2022
                 Ltd.

                                                     Executive director, and
               China Merchants Port Holdings                                                     December
                                                       then non-executive      October 2021
                 Company Limited                                                                 2022
                                                       director

               China Merchants Shekou Industrial                                                 November
                                                     Director                  October 2021
                 Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                         2022

                                                                               November
               Sinotrans Limited                     Director                                    to date
                                                                               2021




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             123
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                   Date of          Date of
      Name                   Name of company                   Position
                                                                                 appointment      termination

                                                        Standing vice officer
                                                          of the Execution
                                                          Committee of China                     September
                     China Merchants Group                                       June 2018
                                                          Merchants Financial                    2022
                                                          Services Business
                                                          Unit

                                                                                 September
                     Bosera Funds                       Director                                 to date
 SU Min (蘇敏)                                                                     2018

                                                                                 December
                     China Merchants Finance Holdings   Director                                 to date
                                                                                 2015

                                                                                 September
                     China Merchants Bank               Non-executive director                   to date
                                                                                 2014

                     China Great Wall Securities Co.,
                                                        Director                 October 2020    to date
                       Ltd.

                                                        Deputy general
                                                          manager of the         December
                     China Merchants Group                                                       to date
                                                          human resources        2021
                                                          department
 LI Xiaofei
 (李曉霏)               China Merchants Investment                                  September
                                                        Director                                 to date
                       Development Company Limited                               2022

                     China Great Wall Securities Co.,
                                                        Supervisor               July 2015       to date
                       Ltd.

                                                        Standing member
                                                          of the Execution
                                                          Committee of China                     September
                     China Merchants Group                                       February 2019
                                                          Merchants Financial                    2022
                                                          Services Business
                                                          Unit
 GAO Hong
 (高宏)                China Merchants Financial          Director and general     November
                                                                                                 to date
                       Technology Co., Ltd.               manager                2017

                                                        Deputy general
                     China Merchants Life Insurance       manager (Chief
                                                                                 February 2017   to date
                       Company Limited                    Digital Officer
                                                          (CDO))




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

124
                                                   Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                Date of            Date of
    Name            Name of company                        Position
                                                                              appointment        termination

             Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank                                                    December
                                                    Director                  June 2018
               Co., Ltd.                                                                       2022

                                                    General manager of
             China COSCO Shipping Corporation                                 September
                                                     capital operation                         to date
               Limited                                                        2016
                                                     department
HUANG Jian
(黃堅)         COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance
                                                    Director                  August 2017      to date
              Co., Ltd.

             Lanhai Medical Investment Co., Ltd.    Director                  May 2017         to date

             COSCO SHIPPING Development Co.,
                                                    Non-executive director    June 2016        to date
              Ltd.

                                                    General manager           March 2016       June 2022

             COSCO SHIPPING Development             Executive director        June 2016        to date
              Co., Ltd.
                                                    Chairman of the board
                                                                              June 2022        to date
                                                      of directors

                                                    Director                  July 2016        to date
             COSCO SHIPPING Investment
              Holdings Co., Limited                 Chairman of the board
                                                                              June 2022        to date
                                                      of directors

             Haifa Baocheng Financial Leasing       Chairman of the board
                                                                              July 2016        to date
               Co., Ltd.                              of directors
LIU Chong
(劉沖)         China Cinda Asset Management
                                                    Non-executive director    August 2017      to date
               Co., Ltd.

             China Everbright Bank Company                                    December
                                                    Non-executive director                     to date
               Limited                                                        2019

                                                    Director                  July 2016        to date
             COSCO SHIPPING Development
              (Hong Kong) Co., Limited              Chairman of the board
                                                                              May 2022         to date
                                                      of directors

                                                    Director                  July 2016        to date
             COSCO Shipping Development
              (Asia) Co., Ltd.                      Chairman of the board
                                                                              May 2022         to date
                                                      of directors

WANG Wen     China-US Insurance Advisory Co.,       Chairman of the board
                                                                              May 2017         to date
(王文)           Ltd.                                   of directors

             CONNECT WEALTH INVESTMENT
              LIMITED, NeoSpective Capital          Director                  October 2021     to date
XIANG Hua     Limited
(向華)
             Durer Investment Management Co.,
                                                    Chief executive officer   January 2018     January 2022
               Ltd.


                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           125
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                    Date of         Date of
      Name                   Name of company                   Position
                                                                                  appointment     termination
                     RSM China (special general
                                                        Principal partner         January 2014   to date
 XIAO Houfa            partnership)
 (肖厚發)               Jingfu Cardiovascular Hospital                               November
                                                        Director                                 to date
                        (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd.                                        2019
                                                        Professor of
                     Princeton University                                         July 2007      to date
                                                          Economics
                                                        Trumbull-Adams
                     Princeton University                                         July 2014      to date
                                                          Professor of Finance
                     Shenzhen Finance Institute, CUHK
                                                        Director                  January 2016   to date
                       (SZ)
 XIONG Wei                                              Academic Dean of the
 (熊偉)                Chinese University of Hong Kong,
                                                          School of Economics     June 2015      to date
                       Shenzhen
                                                          and Management
                     Hong Kong Institute for Monetary
                                                        Academic adviser          July 2012      to date
                       and Financial Research
                                                        Visiting professor
                                                                                  September
                     University of Cambridge              of the Faculty of                      August 2022
                                                                                  2021
                                                          Economics
                                                        Professor of law,
                     Fudan University                                             January 2008   to date
                                                          doctoral advisor
                     Shanghai China Fortune Co., Ltd.   Independent director      May 2017       to date
                     Shanghai Amarsoft Information &
 HU Honggao                                             Independent director      March 2017     to date
                       Technology Co., Ltd.
 (胡鴻高)
                                                                                                 September
                     Perfect Group Corp., Ltd.          Independent director      June 2016
                                                                                                 2022
                     Shenzhen Pacific Union Precision
                                                        Independent director      April 2020     to date
                       Manufacturing Company Ltd.
 FENG Jinhua                                            Independent non-
                     CIMC Vehicles (Group) Co., Ltd.                              June 2019      to date
 (豐金華)                                                    executive director
                                                        Chairman of the
 ZHOU Linda Lei      China Merchants Fund
                                                          supervisory             May 2020       to date
 (周語菡)                 Management Co., Ltd.
                                                          committee
                     Liaoning Port Group Limited        Chief financial officer   March 2023     to date
                     Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An
                                                        Director                  June 2022      to date
                       Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                        Standing member
 XU Xin (徐鑫)
                                                          of the Execution
                                                          Committee of                           September
                     China Merchants Group                                        June 2018
                                                          China Merchants                        2022
                                                          Financial Services
                                                          Business Unit

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

126
                                                       Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                   Date of             Date of
    Name               Name of company                         Position
                                                                                 appointment         termination

                                                        Chief auditor of China
                                                          Merchants Financial                      September
               China Merchants Group                                             April 2019
                                                          Services Business                        2022
WANG                                                      Unit
Zhangwei
               Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and                                  November
(王章為)                                                   Director                                   to date
                 Development Co., Ltd.                                           2014

               Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and                                  November
                                                        Director                                   to date
                 Development Co., Ltd.                                           2014

               Hebei Port Group (Tianjin)
                                                        Chairman of the board
                 Investment Management Co.,                                      October 2020      to date
                                                          of directors
                 Ltd.

MA Yunchun     ZJMI Environmental Energy
                                                        Director                 May 2022          to date
(馬蘊春)            Co., Ltd.

               Hebei Port Group Shanghai
                                                        Chairman of the board
                 Investment Management                                           January 2016      to date
                                                          of directors
                 Company

                                                        Vice chairman of the
               Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd.                             July 2022         to date
                                                          board of directors

               Jiang Tai Insurance Brokers Co., Ltd.    Supervisor               May 2020          July 2022
ZHANG Zhen
(張震)           China Road & Bridge Corporation          Director                 January 2023      to date

               Southwest Municipal Engineering
                 Design & Research Institute            Director                 February 2023     to date
                 (Group) of China

               Shenzhen Huaqiang Dingxin
                                                        General manager          March 2021        to date
                 Investment Co., Ltd.

               Shenzhen Huaqiang Dingxin
ZOU Qun (鄒群)                                            Director                 January 2015      to date
                 Investment Co., Ltd.

               Guangdong Huaqiang Property Co.,
                                                        Director                 January 2008      to date
                Ltd.




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               127
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                    Date of         Date of
      Name                   Name of company                     Position
                                                                                  appointment     termination

                     CMS Asset Management                 Director                July 2019      June 2022

                     China Merchants Futures              Director                May 2019       April 2022

 HE Min (何敏)         CMS Zhiyuan                          Director                May 2019       March 2022

                                                          Chairman of the
                                                                                                 September
                     Bosera Funds                           supervisory           April 2019
                                                                                                 2022
                                                            committee

                                                          Chairman of the board
                     CMS International                                            January 2022   to date
 ZHAO Bin (趙斌)                                              of directors

                     CMS Investment                       Executive director      January 2019   May 2022

                                                          Director of the
                     China Merchants Group                  research and          August 2021    to date
                                                            development center

                     China Merchants Technology
                       and Innovation Research and        Dean                    August 2021    to date
 XIONG Xianliang       Development Institute
 (熊賢良)
                     China Merchants Investment                                                  September
                                                          Director                April 2020
                       Development Company Limited                                               2022

                     China Merchants Innovation
                       Investment Management Co.,         Director                August 2018    January 2022
                       Ltd.

                     Shenzhen China Merchants Ping
                       An Investment Management Co.,
                                                                                  November       September
                       Ltd., China Merchants Investment   Director
                                                                                  2021           2022
                       Management (Shenzhen) Co.,
                       Ltd.

 PENG Lei (彭磊)       Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An                             December
                                                          Director                               June 2022
                       Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                 2018

                     Shenzhen China Merchants Ping An     Deputy general
                                                                                  July 2021      June 2022
                       Asset Management Co., Ltd.           manager

                     China Great Wall Securities Co.,
                                                          Director                June 2011      to date
                       Ltd.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

128
                                                       Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                                                                   Date of             Date of
     Name                 Name of company                      Position
                                                                                 appointment         termination

                  Chengtong Securities Co.,Ltd.         Independent director     May 2022          to date

                  COSCO SHIPPING Development Co.,       Chairman of the board
                                                                                 July 2019         June 2022
                   Ltd.                                   of directors

                  COSCO SHIPPING Development Co.,
WANG Daxiong                                            Executive director       May 2016          June 2022
                   Ltd.
(王大雄)
                                                                                 November
                  China Merchants Bank                  Non-executive director                     June 2022
                                                                                 2016

                  COSCO SHIPPING Investment             Chairman of the board
                                                                                 March 2014        January 2022
                   Holdings Co., Ltd.                     of directors

                  China International Fund
                                                        Independent director     April 2019        to date
                    Management Co., Ltd.

                  Hang Seng Bank (China) Limited        Independent director     August 2022       to date

                                                        Independent non-
WONG Ti (汪棣)      51 Credit Card Inc.                                            July 2018         April 2022
                                                          executive director

                  Asia-Pacific Property & Casualty
                                                        Independent director     April 2016        October 2022
                    Insurance Co., Ltd.

                  Vivasolis Biotechnology Co., Ltd.     Supervisor               August 2016       to date

                  CMS Zhiyuan                           General manager          February 2023     to date

                  RAYITEK HI-TECH Film Company
SHEN Weihua                                             Independent director     May 2020          April 2022
                    Ltd., Shenzhen
(沈衛華)
                  Shenzhen New Industries
                                                        Independent director     June 2020         April 2022
                    Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd.

LI Zongjun                                              Chairman of the board
                  China Merchants Futures                                        March 2019        July 2022
(李宗軍)                                                     of directors

Description of
positions in                                                     Nil
other companies




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                129
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(III) Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and senior management


                                          Non-executive Directors and external Supervisors of the
                                          Company shall not collect remuneration from the Company, and
                                          independent non-executive Directors shall receive the allowance
                                          of independent Directors according to the resolutions of the
                                          Company’s shareholders’ general meeting. The Remuneration
                                          and Appraisal Committee under the Board considers and
 Decision-making procedures               reviews the remuneration policy, standard and proposal for the
 of remuneration of Directors,            Directors, chairman of the Supervisory Committee and senior
 Supervisors and senior management        management who worked full-time for the Company, and makes
                                          recommendations to the Board on the formulation of official
                                          and transparent procedures for determining the remuneration
                                          policy. Remuneration of the Directors, chairman of the Supervisory
                                          Committee and senior management who worked full-time for the
                                          Company shall be considered and determined by the Remuneration
                                          and Appraisal Committee under the Board.

                                          Remuneration of the Directors, chairman of the Supervisory
                                          Committee and senior management who worked full-time for the
                                          Company shall be determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal
 Basis for determination of
                                          Committee under the Board with reference to the principal duties
 remuneration of Directors,
                                          of relevant managerial positions, the results of performance
 Supervisors and senior management
                                          assessment as well as the remuneration level in the market,
                                          according to the Company’s Scheme of Management Methods of
                                          the Remuneration of Senior Management.

                                          In addition to the annual remuneration determined according
                                          to the Company’s Scheme of Management Methods of
                                          the Remuneration of Senior Management, the Company
                                          implemented the Retention Plan for the Grant of Mid- to Long-
                                          term Cash Incentives for Key Employees upon the approval of
                                          the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board in
                                          2020. Pursuant to which, the incentives for key employees shall
 Remuneration paid to Directors,
                                          be confirmed and granted in instalments based on the results of
 Supervisors and senior management
                                          performance appraisals of the Company and individuals. During
                                          the Reporting Period, the incentives before tax granted for 2020
                                          amounted to RMB1.6874 million (HUO Da), RMB1.2618 million
                                          (ZHOU Linda Lei), RMB1.2562 million (LI Zongjun), RMB1.2562
                                          million (WU Huifeng), RMB1.3552 million (ZHAO Bin), RMB1.2562
                                          million (HU Yu), RMB0.7204 million (YIN Hongyan) and RMB0.3069
                                          million (HE Min), respectively, all of which are dominated in RMB.

 Aggregate remuneration actually
                                          Remunerations before tax received by Directors, Supervisors and
 paid to all the Directors, Supervisors
                                          senior management from the Company during the Reporting
 and senior management as of the
                                          Period totaled to RMB44.4725 million.
 end of the Reporting Period




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

130
                                                  Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(IV) Changes in Directors, Supervisors and senior management


    Name              Position            Change       Date of Change              Reason

 WU Zongmin    President                Appointed      January 13, 2022   Appointed by the Board
 (吳宗敏)
 XIONG         Non-executive Director   Resigned       January 21, 2022   Resigned due to change in
 Xianliang                                                                work arrangement
 (熊賢良)
 HUO Da        Chief Information        Appointed      March 27, 2022     Appointed by the Board
 (霍達)          Officer

 WU Zongmin    Executive Director       Elected        April 29, 2022     Elected at the
 (吳宗敏)                                                                    shareholders’ general
                                                                          meeting

 DENG          Non-executive Director   Elected        April 29, 2022     Elected at the
 Weidong                                                                  shareholders’ general
 (鄧偉棟)                                                                    meeting

 WANG          Non-executive Director   Resigned       May 13, 2022       Resigned due to retirement
 Daxiong
 (王大雄)
 ZHANG Qing    Vice President           Resigned       May 13, 2022       Resigned due to personal
 (張慶)                                                                     health reasons

 ZHANG         Vice President           Appointed      May 13, 2022       Appointed by the Board
 Haochuan
 (張浩川)
 LI Zongjun    Vice President           Resigned       July 4, 2022       Resigned due to his age
 (李宗軍)
 LIU Chong     Non-executive Director   Elected        November 29,       Elected at the
 (劉沖)                                                  2022               shareholders’ general
                                                                          meeting

 FENG Jinhua   Independent non-         Elected        November 29,       Elected at the
 (豐金華)         executive Director                      2022               shareholders’ general
                                                                          meeting

 WONG Ti       Independent non-         Resigned       November 29,       Resigned due to other
 (汪棣)          executive Director                      2022               work arrangement
                                                                          and the election of a
                                                                          new independent non-
                                                                          executive Director at the
                                                                          shareholders’ general
                                                                          meeting




                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                  131
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




      Name                 Position           Change       Date of Change               Reason

 PENG Lei          Non-executive Director   Resigned       January 12, 2023    Resigned due to change in
 (彭磊)                                                                          work arrangement

                   Shareholder              Resigned       January 12, 2023    Resigned due to change in
                   representative                                              work arrangement
 LI Xiaofei        Supervisor
 (李曉霏)             Non-executive Director   Elected        January 12, 2023    Elected at the
                                                                               shareholders’ general
                                                                               meeting

 XU Xin (徐鑫)       Shareholder              Elected        January 12, 2023    Elected at the
                   representative                                              shareholders’ general
                   Supervisor                                                  meeting

 SHEN Weihua       Employee                 Resigned       March 9, 2023       Resigned due to change
 (沈衛華)             representative                                              in work arrangement and
                   Supervisor                                                  the election of a new
                                                                               employee representative
                                                                               Supervisor at the employee
                                                                               representatives’ meeting

 CHEN Jun          Employee                 Elected        March 9, 2023       Elected at the employee
 (陳鋆)              representative                                              representatives’ meeting
                   Supervisor

     During the Reporting Period, a total of five Directors, Supervisors and senior management resigned,
representing 17.86% of the total number of Directors, Supervisors and senior management at the beginning
of the Reporting Period.
     For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange website on January 13, January 21, March 27, April 29, May 13, July 4, November 29 and
December 13, 2022 and January 12, February 17 and March 9, 2023.
     On January 12, 2023, at the 26th meeting of the seventh session of the Board, it was considered and
approved to reappoint Mr. WU Huifeng and Mr. ZHAO Bin as our Vice Presidents, and Mr. HU Yu as our Chief
Compliance Officer and Chief Risk Officer. Their terms of office shall commence from January 12, 2023 until
December 31, 2024. For details, please refer to the relevant announcement published by the Company on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on January 12, 2023.
     On February 17, 2023, the Supervisory Committee received a written resignation from Ms. SHEN
Weihua, an employee representative Supervisor. Ms. SHEN Weihua tendered her resignation as an employee
representative Supervisor of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee due to change in work
arrangement. On March 9, 2023, Mr. CHEN Jun was elected as an employee representative Supervisor of the
seventh session of the Supervisory Committee by the third session of the employee representatives’ meeting
of the Company, and Ms. SHEN Weihua will no longer perform her duties as an employee representative
Supervisor. For details, please refer to the relevant announcement published by the Company on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange website on March 9, 2023.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

132
                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(V) Major changes in respect of Directors and Supervisors

     For details of the changes in appointment of Directors and Supervisors during the Reporting Period
and up to the Latest Practicable Date, please see “Positions of incumbent Directors, Supervisors and senior
management and those resigned during the Reporting Period” and “Changes in Directors, Supervisors and
senior management” in this chapter.
     Save as disclosed above, as of the Latest Practicable Date, there was no other material change in relation
to the Directors and Supervisors that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.


V. Convening of Board Meetings during the Reporting Period

                                     Date of
            Meeting                                                       Resolutions
                                     Meeting

 12th meeting of the seventh      January 13,      Considered and approved the resolution on the
 session of the Board             2022             appointment of President

 13th meeting of the seventh      January 21,      Considered and approved the resolution on the
 session of the Board             2022             nomination of candidates for Directors

 14th meeting of the seventh      February 28,     Considered and approved the resolution on the
 session of the Board             2022             establishment of new branches of the Company




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          133
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                         Date of
             Meeting                                                      Resolutions
                                         Meeting
                                                   Considered and approved the resolution on the working
                                                   report of the Board of the Company for 2021; resolution
                                                   on the work report of the Audit Committee under
                                                   the Board for 2021; resolution on the operational
                                                   report of the Company for 2021; resolution on the
                                                   annual report of the Company for 2021; resolution
                                                   o n th e fi n al acco u n ts rep o rt o f th e Co mp an y for
                                                   2021; resolution on the profit distribution plan of the
                                                   Company for 2021; resolution on the 2021 Corporate
                                                   Social Responsibility Report and Environmental, Social
                                                   and Governance Report of the Company; resolution
                                                   on the compliance report of the Company for 2021;
                                                   resolution on the money laundering risk management
                                                   report of the Company for 2021; resolution on the
                                                   internal control assessment report of the Company for
                                                   2021; resolution on the internal control audit report
                                                   of the Company for 2021; resolution on the report on
                                                   the deposit and usage of proceeds of the Company in
                                                   2021; resolution on the financial budget report of the
                                                   Company for 2022; resolution on the engagement of
                                                   the auditors of the Company for 2022; resolution on the
                                                   budget for the proprietary investment of the Company
                                                   for 2022; resolution on the guarantee authorization
 15th meeting of the seventh           March 27,   scheme for the year 2022 of China Merchants Securities
 session of the Board                  2022        International Company Limited and its wholly-owned
                                                   subsidiaries; resolution on the contemplated ordinary
                                                   related party transactions of the Company for 2022;
                                                   resolution on the 2022-2024 Administrative Procurement
                                                   Framework Agreement between the Company and
                                                   China Merchants Group Limited; resolution on the 2022-
                                                   2026 Property Leasing Framework Agreement between
                                                   the Company and China Merchants Group Limited;
                                                   resolution on the grant of the general mandate to the
                                                   Board to issue additional H Shares of the Company;
                                                   resolution on the proposed amendments to the Articles
                                                   of Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                                   resolution on the proposed amendments to the Rules
                                                   for the Management of Related Party Transactions of
                                                   China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the
                                                   proposed amendments to the Rules for the Selection and
                                                   Appointment of Accountants’ Firm of China Merchants
                                                   Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the proposed
                                                   amendments to the Accountability System for Major
                                                   Mistakes Disclosed in Annual Reports of China Merchants
                                                   Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the appointment
                                                   of Chief Information Officer of the Company; and
                                                   resolution on convening a shareholders’ general meeting
                                                   at an opportune time


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

134
                                              Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                Date of
          Meeting                                                 Resolutions
                                Meeting

                                             Considered and approved the resolution on the related
16th meeting of the seventh   April 18,      party transactions of joint investment between China
session of the Board          2022           Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd., a wholly-
                                             owned subsidiary of the Company, and its related parties

17th meeting of the seventh   April 24,      Considered and approved the resolution on the first
session of the Board          2022           quarterly report of the Company for 2022

                                             Considered and approved the resolution on the by-
18th meeting of the seventh                  election of members of the Strategy Committee under
                              May 13, 2022
session of the Board                         the seventh session of the Board; and resolution on the
                                             appointment of Vice President of the Company

                                             Considered and approved the resolution on the securities
                                             and financial products, transactions and services
                                             framework agreement between the Company and China
                                             Merchants Group Limited; resolution on the securities
19th meeting of the seventh                  and financial products, transactions and services
                              May 27, 2022
session of the Board                         framework agreement between the Company and China
                                             COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited; and resolution
                                             on the proposed amendments to the Enterprise Risk
                                             Management System of China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                             Ltd.




                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                 135
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                         Date of
             Meeting                                                         Resolutions
                                         Meeting

                                                       Considered and approved the resolution on the proposed
                                                       amendments to the Rules for Independent Directors of
                                                       China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the
                                                       proposed formulation of the Administrative Measures
                                                       for the Authorization of the Board of China Merchants
                                                       Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the proposed
 20th meeting of the seventh
                                       July 11, 2022   formulation of the Administrative Measures on the
 session of the Board
                                                       External Donations of China Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                       Ltd.; resolution on the application for the qualification
                                                       of listed securities market making trading business and
                                                       the pilot business of market making trading of stocks
                                                       on the STAR Market; and resolution on convening a
                                                       shareholders’ general meeting at an opportune time

                                                       Considered and approved the resolution on the 2022
                                                       interim operational report of the Company; resolution
                                                       on the 2022 interim report of the Company; resolution
                                                       on the proposed amendments to the Administrative
                                                       Measures on the Proceeds Raised by China Merchants
                                                       Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the proposed
 21st meeting of the seventh           August 26,
                                                       amendments to the Information Disclosure Measures
 session of the Board                  2022
                                                       of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and the
                                                       abolishment of certain measures; and resolution on the
                                                       proposed amendments to the Administrative Measures
                                                       for the Shares Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                                                       Management of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and
                                                       the Changes in Shareholdings

                                                       Considered and approved the resolution on the
 22nd meeting of the seventh           October 10,
                                                       nomination of candidates for Directors; and resolution on
 session of the Board                  2022
                                                       the nomination of candidates for independent Directors

                                                       Considered and approved the resolution on the proposed
                                                       amendments to the Articles of Association of China
                                                       Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the third
                                                       quarterly report of the Company for 2022; resolution
                                                       on the adjustment of annual caps for 2022 for the
                                                       securities and financial products, transactions and
 23rd meeting of the seventh           October 28,     services framework agreement between the Company
 session of the Board                  2022            and China Merchants Group Limited; resolution on the
                                                       adjustment of annual caps for 2022 for the securities and
                                                       financial products, transactions and services framework
                                                       agreement between the Company and China COSCO
                                                       Shipping Corporation Limited; and resolution on the
                                                       injection of capital to CMS Investment, a wholly-owned
                                                       subsidiary of the Company


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

136
                                              Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                                Date of
          Meeting                                                  Resolutions
                                Meeting

                                             Considered and approved the resolution on the
                                             proposed amendments to the Articles of Association of
                                             China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the
                                             adjustment of duties, renaming and amendments to the
                                             relevant working rules of the Strategy Committee under
                                             the Board; resolution on the proposed amendments
                                             to the Management System on Investor Relations of
                                             China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the
                                             proposed formulation of the Administrative Measures
                                             for Debt Financing of China Merchants Securities Co.,
24th meeting of the seventh   December 19,
                                             Ltd.; resolution on the proposed formulation of the
session of the Board          2022
                                             Administrative Measures for Financing Guarantee of
                                             China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the
                                             proposed amendments to the Medium- to Long-term
                                             Development Strategy and 2019-2023 Development Plan
                                             of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.; resolution on the
                                             nomination of candidates for non-executive Directors;
                                             resolution on the by-election of members of committees
                                             under the seventh session of the Board; and resolution
                                             on convening a shareholders’ general meeting at an
                                             opportune time

                                             Considered and approved the resolution on the
                                             budget for external donations of the Company for
                                             2022; resolution on the proposed formulation of the
                                             Measures for the Evaluation of Operational Performance
25th meeting of the seventh   December 30,   of Managers of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.;
session of the Board          2022           resolution on the proposed amendments to the Working
                                             Rules for the President of China Merchants Securities
                                             Co., Ltd.; and resolution on the proposed amendments
                                             to the Administrative Measures for the Authorization of
                                             the Board of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                     2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                   137
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



VI. Duty Performance of Directors

(I)     Attendance of Directors at Board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings


                                                                                                                                         Attendance of
                                                                           Attendance of Board meeting                                   shareholders’
                                                                                                                                        general meeting
                             Whether an
      Name of Director      independent                                                                                 Whether not
                                            Number of                     Attendance                                                     Attendance of
                              Director                                                                                  attending in
                                          Board meetings Attendance in      through    Attendance by                                     shareholders’
                                                                                                     Absence (times)   person for two
                                             requiring   person (times) correspondence proxy (times)                                    general meeting
                                                                                                                        consecutive
                                            attendance                       (times)                                                        (times)
                                                                                                                          meetings
 HUO Da (霍達)                No                      14             14              11                0            0    No                             3
 WU Zongmin (吳宗敏)           No                       8              8               5                0            0    No                             2
 LIU Weiwu (劉威武)            No                      14             13              13                1            0    No                             3
 DENG Weidong (鄧偉棟)         No                       8              7               7                1            0    No                             2
 SU Min (蘇敏)                No                      14             14              13                0            0    No                             3
 GAO Hong (高宏)              No                      14             13              13                1            0    No                             3
 HUANG Jian (黃堅)            No                      14             14              14                0            0    No                             3
 LIU Chong (劉沖)             No                       2              2               2                0            0    No                             0
 WANG Wen (王文)              No                      14             14              14                0            0    No                             3
 XIANG Hua (向華)             Yes                     14             14              14                0            0    No                             3
 XIAO Houfa (肖厚發)           Yes                     14             14              14                0            0    No                             3
 XIONG Wei (熊偉)             Yes                     14             14              14                0            0    No                             3
 HU Honggao (胡鴻高)           Yes                     14             14              14                0            0    No                             3
 FENG Jinhua (豐金華)          Yes                      2              2               2                0            0    No                             0
 XIONG Xianliang (熊賢良)
 (Resigned on January 21,   No                       1              1               1                0            0    No                             0
 2022)
 PENG Lei (彭磊) (Resigned
                            No                      14             14              14                0            0    No                             3
 on January 12, 2023)
 WANG Daxiong
 (王大雄) (Resigned on         No                       7              7               7                0            0    No                             1
 May 13, 2022)
 WONG Ti (汪棣) (Resigned
                            Yes                     12             11              11                1            0    No                             3
 on November 29, 2022)

 Number of Board meetings convened during the year                                                                                                  14
 Of which: number of onsite meetings                                                                                                                  0
 Number of meetings convened by way of correspondence                                                                                                 8
 Number of meetings convened onsite and by way of correspondence                                                                                      6

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

138
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Duty performance of independent Directors

     For details of the duty performance of independent Directors, please see the Annual Duty Report of
Independent Directors of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. for 2022 (《招商證券股份有限公司獨立董
事2022年度述職報告》) published on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website for the same period of this
report.


(III) Others

1.     Directors’ training

      The Company places high emphasis on the continuous training of the Directors, persistently improves
internal workflow and builds up multi-layers information communication system so as to provide information
security for the duty performance of the Directors, and to ensure that the Directors have a proper
understanding of the operation and business of the Company, as well as the duties and responsibilities as
conferred by the CSRC, the SSE, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Articles of Association and relevant
laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, through the “Correspondences to the Directors and
Supervisors” (《董監事通訊》), the Directors actively participated in training organized by regulatory
authorities and self-regulatory organizations to keep abreast of the latest policies and regulations, industry
dynamics and the operation of the Company, update their expertise and skills and further enhance their
performance of obligations.

       Name            Position                        Time and content of the training

                                       He participated in the 1st training class for young and middle-aged
                                       cadres (51st session) from March to July 2022; participated in the
                                       lecture on national security education in April 2022; participated
                                       in the online special class of “pursuing emission peak and carbon
                  Chairman of the      neutrality and promoting the high-quality development of
 HUO Da
                  Board, executive     enterprises” (做好碳達峰碳中和工作，推進企業高質量發展) from
 (霍達)
                  Director             May to August 2022; participated in the special training courses
                                       (2nd session) for directors, supervisors and senior management of
                                       listed companies: shareholders’ illegal transactions and regulations
                                       on changes in shares in September 2022; and read the Monthly
                                       Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                       He participated in the “April 15” National Security Day publicity and
                                       education and security risk prevention training for overseas Chinese
                                       employees in April 2022; participated in the video training session
                                       on improving supply chain management benchmarking world-class
                                       enterprises organized by the SASAC in June 2022; participated in
 LIU Weiwu        Non-executive        the training on emission peak and carbon neutrality in August 2022;
 (劉威武)            Director             participated in the international academic seminar on the “historical
                                       process of opening-up of China Merchants Group and China:
                                       retrospects and prospects” (招商局與中國對外開放歷史進程：回
                                       顧與前瞻) and the “Zhu Li Zhi Xing” (鑄力智行) training course for
                                       financial talents of China Merchants Group in September 2022; and
                                       read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors


                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         139
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




      Name               Position                         Time and content of the training

                                         He participated in the compliance training for directors of Hong
                                         Kong listed companies in April 2022; participated in the 2022
                                         induction training (3rd session) for directors, supervisors and
                                         senior management of listed companies from June to July 2022;
 DENG                                    participated in the 2022 special training courses (1st, 2nd and 3rd
                   Non-executive
 Weidong                                 sessions) for directors, supervisors and senior management of listed
                   Director
 (鄧偉棟)                                   companies organized by the Shenzhen Listed Companies Association
                                         in June, September and September 2022, respectively; participated in
                                         the special training on corporate governance organized by the China
                                         Association for Public Companies in December 2022; and read the
                                         Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                         She participated in the online special class of “pursuing emission
                                         peak and carbon neutrality and promoting the high-quality
                                         development of enterprises” from May to August 2022; participated
                                         in the special training courses (1st session) for directors, supervisors
                                         and senior management organized by the Shenzhen Listed
                                         Companies Association and the “Futures and Derivatives Laws”
                   Non-executive
 SU Min (蘇敏)                             online training session in June 2022; watched the live broadcast on
                   Director
                                         global technology and economic outlook in July 2022; participated in
                                         the special training on “firmly eliminating financial fraud and capital
                                         misappropriation” (嚴厲打擊財務造假堅決杜絕資金佔用) organized
                                         by the China Association for Public Companies in September
                                         2022; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
                                         Supervisors

                                         He participated in the “April 15” National Security Day publicity
                                         and education and security risk prevention training for overseas
                                         Chinese employees in April 2022; participated in the training seminar
                                         on themes such as technological innovation and green finance in
                                         May 2022; participated in the online special class of “pursuing
                                         emission peak and carbon neutrality and promoting the high-quality
                                         development of enterprises” from May to August 2022; participated
 WU Zongmin        Executive Director,
                                         in the “Futures and Derivatives Laws” online training session in June
 (吳宗敏)             President
                                         2022; participated in the 2022 induction training (3rd session) for
                                         directors, supervisors and senior management of listed companies
                                         from June to July 2022; participated in the special training on “firmly
                                         eliminating financial fraud and capital misappropriation” organized
                                         by the China Association for Public Companies in September
                                         2022; and read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
                                         Supervisors




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

140
                                          Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Name          Position                    Time and content of the training

                             He participated in the “World-class International Lecture” (世界一
                             流國際大講堂) live broadcast courses: Great ambition – How China
GAO Hong     Non-executive   will change the world, and the repositioning of the EU’s relationship
(高宏)         Director        with China and its impact on Sino-European investment under the
                             new global situation in April and May 2022; and read the Monthly
                             Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                             He participated in the special training on reducing shareholdings
                             for shareholders, directors, supervisors and senior management of
                             listed companies in April 2022; participated in the live broadcast
                             course (7th session) on “special topics on integrity in securities
                             companies” (證券公司廉潔從業專題) in May 2022; participated in
HUANG Jian   Non-executive   the “Futures and Derivatives Laws” online training session in June
(黃堅)         Director        2022; participated in the special training on “firmly eliminating
                             financial fraud and capital misappropriation” organized by the China
                             Association for Public Companies and the 2022 special training
                             courses (2nd and 3rd sessions) for directors, supervisors and senior
                             management of listed companies in September 2022; and read the
                             Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                             He participated in the corporate governance training for directors,
                             supervisors, senior management and business personnel in
                             January 2022; participated in the online special class of “pursuing
                             emission peak and carbon neutrality and promoting the high-
                             quality development of enterprises” from May to August 2022;
                             participated in the special online training course on “accelerating
LIU Chong    Non-executive
                             the establishment of a world-class enterprise” – innovation-driven
(劉沖)         Director
                             development in June 2022; participated in the 2022 training
                             course on the performance of duties of directors organized by
                             China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited from June to August
                             2022; participated in the compliance training for directors of Hong
                             Kong listed companies in November 2022; and read the Monthly
                             Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors




                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                              141
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




      Name               Position                       Time and content of the training

                                        He participated in the special training on reducing shareholdings
                                        for shareholders, directors, supervisors and senior management of
                                        listed companies in April 2022; participated in the live broadcast
                                        course (7th session) on “special topics on integrity in securities
                                        companies” in May 2022; participated in the “Futures and
 WANG Wen          Non-executive        Derivatives Laws” online training session in June 2022; participated
 (王文)              Director             in the special training on “firmly eliminating financial fraud and
                                        capital misappropriation” organized by the China Association for
                                        Public Companies and the 2022 special training courses (2nd and
                                        3rd sessions) for directors, supervisors and senior management
                                        of listed companies in September 2022; and read the Monthly
                                        Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                        He participated in the special training on reducing shareholdings
                                        for shareholders, directors, supervisors and senior management of
                                        listed companies in April 2022; participated in the live broadcast
                                        course (7th session) on “special topics on integrity in securities
                                        companies” in May 2022; participated in the “Futures and
 XIANG Hua         Independent non-     Derivatives Laws” online training session in June 2022; participated
 (向華)              executive Director   in the special training on “firmly eliminating financial fraud and
                                        capital misappropriation” organized by the China Association for
                                        Public Companies and the 2022 special training courses (2nd and
                                        3rd sessions) for directors, supervisors and senior management
                                        of listed companies in September 2022; and read the Monthly
                                        Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                        He participated in the competency training for partners of accounting
 XIAO Houfa        Independent non-
                                        firms (training course for managing partners) in July 2022; and read
 (肖厚發)             executive Director
                                        the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                        He participated in the Financial Technology Seminar of Imperial
 XIONG Wei         Independent non-     College London and the Socially Responsible Investment Seminar
 (熊偉)              executive Director   of Cambridge University in May 2022; and read the Monthly
                                        Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

                                        He participated in the special training on reducing shareholdings
                                        for shareholders, directors, supervisors and senior management of
                                        listed companies in April 2022; participated in the live broadcast
                                        course (7th session) on “special topics on integrity in securities
                                        companies” in May 2022; participated in the “Futures and
 HU Honggao        Independent non-     Derivatives Laws” online training session in June 2022; participated
 (胡鴻高)             executive Director   in the special training on “firmly eliminating financial fraud and
                                        capital misappropriation” organized by the China Association for
                                        Public Companies and the 2022 special training courses (2nd and
                                        3rd sessions) for directors, supervisors and senior management
                                        of listed companies in September 2022; and read the Monthly
                                        Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

142
                                                   Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




     Name            Position                         Time and content of the training
                                      He participated in the compliance training for directors of Hong
                                      Kong listed companies in November 2022; participated in the special
 FENG Jinhua     Independent non-
                                      training on corporate governance organized by the China Association
 (豐金華)           executive Director
                                      for Public Companies in December 2022; and read the Monthly
                                      Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors
                 Non-executive
 XIONG
                 Director (Resigned   He read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
 Xianliang
                 on January 21,       Supervisors
 (熊賢良)
                 2022)
                                      She participated in the special training on reducing shareholdings
                                      for shareholders, directors, supervisors and senior management of
                                      listed companies in April 2022; participated in the live broadcast
                                      course (7th session) on “special topics on integrity in securities
                 Non-executive        companies” in May 2022; participated in the “Futures and
 PENG Lei        Director (Resigned   Derivatives Laws” online training session in June 2022; participated
 (彭磊)            on January 12,       in the special training on “firmly eliminating financial fraud and
                 2023)                capital misappropriation” organized by the China Association for
                                      Public Companies and the 2022 special training courses (2nd and
                                      3rd sessions) for directors, supervisors and senior management
                                      of listed companies in September 2022; and read the Monthly
                                      Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors

 WANG            Non-executive
                                      He read the Monthly Correspondences to the Directors and
 Daxiong         Director (Resigned
                                      Supervisors
 (王大雄)           on May 13, 2022)
                                      He participated in the special training on reducing shareholdings
                                      for shareholders, directors, supervisors and senior management of
                                      listed companies in April 2022; participated in the live broadcast
                                      course (7th session) on “special topics on integrity in securities
                 Independent non-
                                      companies” in May 2022; participated in the “Futures and
                 executive Director
 WONG Ti                              Derivatives Laws” online training session in June 2022; participated
                 (Resigned on
 (汪棣)                                 in the special training on “firmly eliminating financial fraud and
                 November 29,
                                      capital misappropriation” organized by the China Association for
                 2022)
                                      Public Companies and the 2022 special training courses (2nd and
                                      3rd sessions) for directors, supervisors and senior management
                                      of listed companies in September 2022; and read the Monthly
                                      Correspondences to the Directors and Supervisors


2.   Terms of office of non-executive Directors

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were eight non-executive Directors (LIU Weiwu, DENG
Weidong, SU Min, PENG Lei, GAO Hong, HUANG Jian, LIU Chong and WANG Wen), and five independent
non-executive Directors (XIANG Hua, XIAO Houfa, XIONG Wei, HU Honggao and FENG Jinhua). For details
of their terms of office, see “Change in shareholdings and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” in “Chapter 4: Corporate
Governance Report” of this report.


                                                                                         2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                      143
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



3.    Diversity policy

(1)   Purpose

      This policy aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board of the Company.


(2)   Statements

      ①    The Board should have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
           the requirements of the business of the Company. It should ensure that changes to its composition
           can be managed without undue disruption. It should include a balanced composition of executive
           and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a
           strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment.
           Non-executive Directors should be of sufficient caliber and number for their views to carry weight.
      ②    When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity in
           terms of, among other things, gender, age, cultural and educational background, races, expertise,
           skills, know-how and length of services. All Board appointments will be based on merits, and
           candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
           diversity on the Board.


(3)   Measurable objectives

      Selection of candidates for Board membership will be based on a range of diverse perspectives, including
but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, races, expertise, skills, know-how and
length of services. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates
will bring to the Board. The Board’s composition (including gender, age, educational background, professional
experience, length of services, etc.) will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report annually.
     As of the date of this report, the Board consists of 15 members, one of whom is a female Director.
As such, gender diversity has been achieved in terms of the Board. The Company will continuously strive to
increase the number of female Directors and maintain an appropriate balance of gender diversity with regard
to shareholders’ expectations and industry best practices. The Company will focus on (i) achieving gender
diversity in recruitment; and (ii) improving the competency of female employees, so as to maintain gender
diversity on the Board in the long-term.
      As of December 31, 2022, the Group had 12,488 employees (including senior management), of which
female employees (including senior management) accounted for approximately 42%. As such, the Group
has achieved the goal of maintaining a relatively balanced gender ratio. The Company has observed the rules
of fair employment and merit-based recruitment with no gender discrimination. Based on the review of the
Board, there are no factors or circumstances that would make achieving gender diversity among all employees
(including senior management) more challenging or less relevant. The Company will continue its efforts in
increasing the representation of female among its employees.


(4)   Monitoring and reporting

     The Nomination Committee will disclose the composition of the Board in terms of diversity annually in
the Corporate Governance Report and monitor the implementation of this policy.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

144
                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(5)   Review of this policy

      The Nomination Committee will review this policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of this
policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such
revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.


(6)   Disclosure of this policy

      ①     This policy will be published on the Company’s website for public information.
      ②     A summary of this policy together with the measurable objectives set for implementing this
            policy, and the progress made towards achieving those objectives, will be disclosed in the annual
            Corporate Governance Report.


4.    Nomination policy

     The Nomination Committee shall study the conditions, selection procedures and term of office of the
Directors and senior management of the Company in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the
Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of Association as well as the actual circumstances of the Company,
and submit its decisions to the Board for approval.
      Directors and senior management shall be elected through the following procedures:
      (1)   the Nomination Committee shall study the needs of the Company for directors and senior
            management and record the same into written documents;
      (2)   the Nomination Committee may identify to a wide extent the candidates of directors and senior
            management within the Company, its subsidiaries and the talent market;
      (3)   the Nomination Committee shall collect the information about the candidates in respect of the
            profession, education, job title, detailed work experience and part-time jobs and record the same
            into written documents;
      (4)   the Nomination Committee shall obtain consent from the candidates on the nomination before
            they are proposed as candidates of directors or senior management;
      (5)   the Nomination Committee shall convene a meeting to examine the qualifications of candidates in
            accordance with the job requirements of directors and senior management;
      (6)   the Nomination Committee shall provide relevant materials of the candidates of directors
            and senior management for the appointment before such appointment and shall submit its
            recommendation of the removal of directors and senior management in accordance with the
            procedures of shareholders’ general meetings and Board meetings;
      (7)   the Nomination Committee shall carry out subsequent work based on the decisions and feedbacks
            of the Board.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          145
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



5.       Board Independence Assessment Mechanism

      The Company has adopted an assessment mechanism for Board independence (“Board Independence
Assessment Mechanism”). The Board Independence Assessment Mechanism aims to ensure that the Board
has strong independence, so that the Board can effectively make independent judgments and better
safeguard the interests of shareholders. In order to ensure that independent non-executive Directors can
provide independent views and opinions to the Board, the Nomination Committee and the Board assess the
independence of independent non-executive Directors every year, and the relevant considerations include
the following: (1) the character, integrity, professional knowledge, experience and stability necessary for the
performance of duties; (2) the time and energy devoted to the affairs of the Company; (3) whether they have
earnestly performed their duties as independent Directors and devoted themselves to the work of the Board;
(4) the declaration of conflict of interests for serving as independent non-executive Directors; (5) the fact that
they should not participate in the daily management of the Company, with no relationships or circumstances
that would affect their independent judgments; and (6) the fact that the chairman of the Board should meet
with the independent non-executive Directors regularly with the absence of executive Directors. In addition,
according to the Board Independence Assessment Mechanism, Directors are allowed to seek independent
professional advice when performing their duties, and are encouraged to contact and consult the senior
management of the Company independently.


VII. Information about Special Committees under the Board

      The Company has established five committees under the Board, namely the Strategy and Sustainability
Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal
Committee and the Nomination Committee in accordance with relevant PRC laws, regulations, the Articles
of Association and the corporate governance practices prescribed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
committees are accountable to the Board and perform duties under the authorization of the Board. The
decision-making procedures of the Board have been further refined by a clear division of duties, powers
and responsibilities and high operation efficiency of the committees. The committees provide advice on the
decisions of the Board and have made favorable contributions when the Board makes major decisions for the
Company.
     For details of the composition of the committees as at the end of the Reporting Period, please see
“Information about the members of special committees under the Board” below.
     During the Reporting Period, the special committees under the Board performed their duties earnestly
and actively put forward various opinions and recommendations on the strategy and sustainability, risk
management, internal and external audit and internal control of the Company. During the Reporting Period,
the special committees under the Board did not have any disagreement.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

146
                                                                   Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(I)      Information about the members of special committees under the Board


     Category of
                                                                      Name of members
  special committee

                              HUO Da (chairman), XIONG Xianliang (resigned on January 21, 2022), WU Zongmin
 Strategy and
                              (appointed on May 13, 2022), DENG Weidong (appointed on May 13, 2022), GAO
 Sustainability
                              Hong, WANG Daxiong (resigned on May 13, 2022), LIU Chong (appointed on
 Committee
                              December 19, 2022), WANG Wen, XIANG Hua

                              SU Min (chairlady), WU Zongmin (appointed on April 29, 2022), LIU Weiwu, PENG
 Risk Management              Lei (resigned on January 12, 2023), LI Xiaofei (appointed on January 12, 2023),
 Committee                    WANG Daxiong (resigned on May 13, 2022), LIU Chong (appointed on December
                              19, 2022), WANG Wen, XIANG Hua

                              XIAO Houfa (chairman), LIU Weiwu, HUANG Jian, HU Honggao, WONG Ti (resigned
 Audit Committee
                              on November 29, 2022), FENG Jinhua (appointed on December 19, 2022)

 Remuneration                 XIANG Hua (chairman), SU Min, PENG Lei (resigned on January 12, 2023), LI Xiaofei
 and Appraisal                (appointed on January 12, 2023), XIONG Wei, WONG Ti (resigned on November 29,
 Committee                    2022), FENG Jinhua (appointed on December 19, 2022)

 Nomination                   XIONG Wei (chairman), HUO Da, PENG Lei (resigned on January 12, 2023), LI Xiaofei
 Committee                    (appointed on January 12, 2023), XIAO Houfa, HU Honggao



(II)     The Strategy and Sustainability Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period


       Date of                                                                                                       Other duty
                              Details of meeting                      Major opinions and recommendations
       meeting                                                                                                      performance

                  Considered and approved the resolution on
                  the proposed amendments to the Medium- to
                  Long-term Development Strategy and 2019-
                  2023 Development Plan of China Merchants
                                                                    It recommended the Company to consolidate
 December         Securities Co., Ltd. and the resolution on
                                                                    its objectives for digitalization and firmly   Nil
 19, 2022         the adjustment of duties, renaming and
                                                                    implement the digitalization strategy.
                  amendments to the relevant working rules of
                  the Strategy Committee under the Board, and
                  reviewed the 2022 digitalization report of the
                  Company.




                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                            147
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      The main duties of the Strategy and Sustainability Committee of the Company include: analyzing,
planning and providing recommendations on the mid- and long-term development strategies of the Company;
analyzing and providing recommendations on major investment plans which are required to obtain approval
from the Board according to the Articles of Association; analyzing and providing recommendations on major
strategic investment decisions and M&A of the Company; analyzing and providing recommendations on
major strategic investment and M&A which are required to obtain approval from the Board according to
the Articles of Association; analyzing and providing recommendations on other major matters affecting the
development of the Company; organizing expert review committee(s) for the above matters; monitoring
the implementation of the above matters; conducting research and decision-making on the Company’s
environmental, social and governance-related goals, plans, strategies, risks and other major issues, and
supervising the progress of implementation; and performing other duties as authorized by the Board.
     During the Reporting Period, the Strategy and Sustainability Committee held a total of one meeting,
and considered and approved the resolution on the proposed amendments to the Medium- to Long-term
Development Strategy and 2019-2023 Development Plan of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and the
resolution on the adjustment of duties, renaming and amendments to the relevant working rules of the
Strategy Committee under the Board, and reviewed the 2022 digitalization report of the Company.
      In addition, through the Strategy and Sustainability Committee, the Board also reviewed and was
satisfied with the adequacy of resources, employee qualifications and experience in terms of the performance
and reporting of environmental, social and governance of the Company, as well as the training courses
received by employees and related budgets.
     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meeting of the Strategy and Sustainability Committee
was as follows:

                                                                     Number of meetings attended/
       No.                             Name
                                                                       Number of meetings held

 1                 HUO Da (chairman)                              1/1

 2                 WU Zongmin                                     1/1

 3                 DENG Weidong                                   1/1

 4                 GAO Hong                                       1/1

 5                 LIU Chong                                      0/0

 6                 WANG Wen                                       1/1

 7                 XIANG Hua                                      1/1

 8                 XIONG Xianliang                                0/0

 9                 WANG Daxiong                                   0/0




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

148
                                                              Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(III) The Risk Management Committee held four meetings during the Reporting Period


  Date of                                                                                                          Other duty
                         Details of meeting                      Major opinions and recommendations
  meeting                                                                                                         performance

             Considered and approved the risk evaluation
             report of the Company for the fourth quarter      It recommended the Company to firmly
             of 2021 and report on allocation of economic      maintain stability while seeking progress,
             capital for 2022, report on continuous            develop its investment and financing
             achievement of risk control indicators (such      business, and support the development
             as net capital) of the Company at the end of      and transformation of the real economy,
             2021, resolution on the adjustment of risk        in particular, to improve its technological
 March 23,
             appetite statement of the Company, report         capabilities and the green development            Nil
 2022
             on an all-inclusive budget arrangement for        of business under the market-oriented
             the proprietary investment of the Company         environment; and maintain compliance
             for 2022, resolution on the budget for the        by improving its compliance culture and
             proprietary investment of the Company for         providing sufficient training so as to
             2022, compliance report of the Company for        emphasize the importance of compliance
             the fourth quarter of 2021, and compliance        culture and system to its business.
             report of the Company for 2021.

                                                               It recommended the Company to attach great
                                                               importance to and firmly implement system
                                                               upgrade testing, back-up and emergency
                                                               plans; pay attention to the market risks as
                                                               a result of credit risks, including economic
                                                               downturn, real estate market downturn, the
                                                               risk of urban construction investment bonds,
                                                               the credit risk of small and medium-sized
                                                               enterprises under internal and external risks,
                                                               and the risk of stock pledge business of small
             Considered and approved the risk evaluation
                                                               and medium-sized enterprises; pay attention
 May 20,     report of the Company for the first quarter of
                                                               to market risks, facilitate macro research        Nil
 2022        2022, and compliance report of the Company
                                                               and judgment and allocation of assets, and
             for the first quarter of 2022.
                                                               control the risk exposure of proprietary
                                                               equity investment; enhance the capabilities
                                                               of the investment banking and wealth
                                                               management business so as to build long-
                                                               term core competitiveness; continuously pay
                                                               attention to the risk of overseas subsidiaries;
                                                               and control the compliance risks of the
                                                               investment banking business, information
                                                               system incidents, and code of conduct and
                                                               professional ethics of practitioners.




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                          149
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




   Date of                                                                                                          Other duty
                             Details of meeting                     Major opinions and recommendations
   meeting                                                                                                         performance

                                                                  In terms of credit risk, it recommended
                                                                  the Company to continuously facilitate
                                                                  the mitigation of risk related to real estate
                                                                  bonds so as to effectively control risks;
                                                                  and be more prudent in the investment of
                                                                  urban construction investment bonds and
                                                                  have more detailed evaluation criteria. In
                                                                  terms of liquidity risk, it recommended the
                                                                  Company to manage liquidity in a forward-
                                                                  looking manner, and plan for the effective
                                                                  use of funds in advance. In terms of market
                Considered and approved the risk evaluation
                                                                  risk, it recommended the Company to
                report of the Company for the second quarter
                                                                  consider the asset allocation and assessment
                of 2022, compliance report of the Company
                                                                  arrangements from its overall perspective.
 August 18,     for the second quarter of 2022, and report
                                                                  In terms of operational risk and reputational   Nil
 2022           on continuous achievement of risk control
                                                                  risk, it recommended the Company to pay
                indicators (such as net capital) of the Company
                                                                  attention to the risk of information system
                at the end of June 2022, and reviewed the
                                                                  of the headquarters and each subsidiary,
                report on the investigation of key risk areas.
                                                                  and strengthen the information technology
                                                                  empowerment of the headquarters to the
                                                                  subsidiaries. It recommended the Company
                                                                  to continuously strengthen the management
                                                                  of strategy risk and management risk, and
                                                                  increase the integration of investment,
                                                                  research and investment banking; and
                                                                  strengthen the management of major
                                                                  compliance risks of the investment banking
                                                                  business and the management of compliance
                                                                  risks of the custody business.

                                                                  It recommended the Company to sum up its
                                                                  experience, and actively resolve the existing
                Considered and approved the risk evaluation
                                                                  risks of the investment banking business so
                report of the Company for the third quarter
                                                                  as to prevent the formation of incremental
                of 2022, compliance report of the Company
                                                                  risks; attach great importance to development
 November       for the third quarter of 2022, and resolution
                                                                  opportunities such as emerging industries,      Nil
 22, 2022       on the adjustment of risk appetite statement
                                                                  green and low-carbon industries and ESG,
                of the Company, and reviewed the report on
                                                                  conduct in-depth research, and optimize
                the preparation for the stock market making
                                                                  the allocation of assets; and attach great
                trading business on the STAR Market.
                                                                  importance to controlling the risk of urban
                                                                  construction investment bonds.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

150
                                                   Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



     The main duties of the Risk Management Committee of the Company include: reviewing and providing
recommendations on the general goals and basic policies of risk management and compliance management
of the Company; reviewing and discussing with the management on the risk management system of the
Company to ensure that the management has fulfilled its duties and set up an effective risk management
system; discussing issues such as the adequacy of resources, the qualifications and experience of employees,
the sufficiency of training programs for employees and relevant budget in respect of risk management;
reviewing and providing recommendations on the organizational deployment and the duties of risk
management and compliance management of the Company; evaluating and providing recommendations
on the risks involved in major decisions and the proposals in resolving major risks; reviewing and providing
recommendations on the regular risk evaluation reports, regular compliance reports and economic capital
management proposals of the Company; analyzing the results of major investigations and the response of the
management on such investigations in respect of risk management issues on its own or as designated by the
Board; and handling other matters required to be resolved by regulatory authorities or as authorized by the
Board.
     During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held a total of four meetings. The Risk
Management Committee gained a comprehensive understanding of the risk and compliance situation of the
Company through reviewing its quarterly and annual compliance reports and risk evaluation reports. It also
conducted an assessment of the risk profile and risk control capability of the Company on a regular basis.
The cooperation between various departments of the Company, such as compliance and risk management
departments, was enhanced to facilitate the establishment of a comprehensive risk prevention system of the
Company.
     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Risk Management Committee was as
follows:

                                                                     Number of meetings attended/
      No.                             Name
                                                                       Number of meetings held

 1               SU Min (chairlady)                               4/4

 2               WU Zongmin                                       3/3

 3               LIU Weiwu                                        4/4

 4               LI Xiaofei                                       0/0

 5               LIU Chong                                        0/0

 6               WANG Wen                                         4/4

 7               XIANG Hua                                        4/4

 8               WANG Daxiong                                     1/1

 9               PENG Lei                                         4/4




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                       151
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(IV) The Audit Committee held five meetings during the Reporting Period


   Date of                                                                                                               Other duty
                            Details of meeting                     Major opinions and recommendations
   meeting                                                                                                              performance

                Considered and approved the resolution on
                the internal audit report of the Company for
                2021 and internal audit work plan of the
                Company for 2022, resolution on the internal
                control assessment report of the Company
                for 2021, resolution on the internal control
                audit report of the Company for 2021,
                resolution on the report on the deposit and
                usage of proceeds of the Company in 2021,
 March 25,
                resolution on the contemplated ordinary          Nil                                                –
 2022
                related party transactions of the Company for
                2022, resolution on the annual report of the
                Company for 2021, resolution on the final
                accounts report of the Company for 2021,
                resolution on the engagement of the auditors
                of the Company for 2022, and resolution on
                the work report of the Audit Committee under
                the Board for 2021, and reviewed the report
                on audit work of the Company for 2021.

 April 22,      Considered and approved the first quarterly
                                                                 Nil                                                Nil
 2022           report of the Company for 2022.

                                                                 It recommended the Company to firmly
                Considered and approved the 2022 interim
                                                                 promote financial technology; and make
                report of the Company and its summary,
 August 25,                                                      an objective assessment of its IT software
                the 2022 interim audit work report of the                                                           –
 2022                                                            and hardware resources, including human
                Company, and the 2022 self-assessment
                                                                 resources, to significantly improve overall risk
                program on internal control of the Company.
                                                                 resistance capability.

                Considered and approved the third quarterly
                report of the Company for 2022, and the
                2021 special audit report on the management
 October 27,    of high-risk matters in relation to the
                                                                 Nil                                                –
 2022           implementation of enterprise responsibility on
                improving governance to achieve high-quality
                development of the Company, and reviewed
                the 2021 audit work plan of the Company.

                Considered and approved the third quarterly
 December
                internal audit report of the Company for         Nil                                                Nil
 30, 2022
                2022.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

152
                                                      Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Company include: providing recommendations on
engaging or changing external auditors, and supervising and assessing the performance of external auditors;
guiding internal auditing and supervising the internal audit system of the Company and its implementation;
coordinating the communication of the management, internal auditors and relevant departments with the
external auditors, and performing the role as a major representative of the Company to liaise with the external
auditors and supervise their relationships; supervising the internal control procedures of the Company and
assessing their effectiveness; reviewing the internal control of the Company and conducting daily monitoring
and examination of the responsible parties; conducting prior guidance, supervision throughout the whole
process and subsequent review on the responsible systems of the Company to strengthen the internal control
system; supervising and reviewing the performance, incidents and implementation regarding compliance
and risk control obligations of all departments and positions on a daily basis and reporting to the Board
regularly; keeping track of the performance of compliance obligations of the senior management through
regular meetings with the compliance officers and other efficient methods; overseeing the financial reporting
system of the Company, reviewing its financial reports and giving opinions thereon; conducting audit on
major related party transactions; ensuring and reviewing the arrangements of the Company which enables
its employees to be the whistle-blower in the event of any possible misconduct in financial reporting, internal
control or other aspects of the Company; ensuring that proper arrangements are made for the Company to
conduct a fair and independent investigation on such matters and take appropriate actions; dealing with other
matters as delegated by the Board; considering other topics as identified by the Board; and performing other
duties required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the Company is listed.
      During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held a total of five meetings. The Audit Committee
convened meetings, considered and made decisions on the relevant issues pursuant to the Working Rules of
the Audit Committee under the Board (《董事會審計委員會工作規則》) of the Company. In accordance with
the Annual Report Work Procedures for the Audit Committee under the Board (《董事會審計委員會年報工作
規程》), the Audit Committee participated actively in the preparation of the annual financial report, auditing
and disclosure, and strived to uphold its audit independence. Its audit quality was also enhanced to safeguard
the interests of the Company and shareholders as a whole.
     In accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, the Audit Committee and its
members fully discharged its audit and supervision obligations. Its diligent efforts were indispensable to the
optimization of the corporate governance structure and the audit quality.
      After carrying out prudent audit and supervision on the financial position of the Company and reviewing
the financial statements prepared by the Company, the Audit Committee considered that the Company has a
stable financial system and satisfactory financial position. In addition, the Board is satisfied with the adequacy
of resources, staff qualification and experience for performing accounting and financial functions as well as
the sufficiency of staff training and relevant budget after conducting reviews through the Audit Committee.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            153
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



       During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Audit Committee was as follows:

                                                                                  Number of meetings attended/
        No.                                   Name
                                                                                    Number of meetings held

 1                  XIAO Houfa (chairman)                                      5/5

 2                  LIU Weiwu                                                  5/5

 3                  HUANG Jian                                                 5/5

 4                  HU Honggao                                                 5/5

 5                  FENG Jinhua                                                1/1

 6                  WONG Ti                                                    4/4



(V) The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held three meetings during the Reporting Period


     Date of                                                                                               Other duty
                             Details of meeting                     Major opinions and recommendations
     meeting                                                                                              performance

                Considered and approved the resolution on
                the approval of total remuneration of China
                Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. for 2020,
                resolution on the approval of remuneration
 January 19,
                of senior management of China Merchants           Nil                                    Nil
 2022
                Securities Co., Ltd. for 2019, and resolution
                on the retention plan for the grant of mid- to
                long-term cash incentives for key employees in
                2020.

                Reviewed or considered the 2021 annual duty
                report of six members of senior management,
                namely HUO Da, LI Zongjun, WU Huifeng,
 March 25,
                ZHAO Bin, HU Yu and ZHANG Qing, and               Nil                                    Nil
 2022
                considered and approved the resolution on the
                2021 assessment report of compliance officer
                of the Company.

                Considered and approved the resolution on
                the implementation of the mechanism linked
                to work efficiency, resolution on the principle
                of redistribution of annual remuneration
 December
                for deputy managers, and resolution on the        Nil                                    Nil
 30, 2022
                proposed formulation of the Measures for
                the Evaluation of Operational Performance of
                Managers of China Merchants Securities Co.,
                Ltd.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

154
                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Company include: considering
and reviewing the remuneration policy, standard and proposal of the Directors and senior management of
the Company with reference to the principal scope of authorization, duties and importance of the Directors
and senior management as well as the remuneration package for similar positions of comparable companies;
making recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration policy and structure of the Directors
and senior management of the Company and the formulation of official and transparent procedures for
determining the remuneration policy. The remuneration standard and proposal include but are not limited to
appraisal standards and procedures, major evaluation systems, and major proposals and systems on reward
and penalty. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is also responsible for reviewing and approving
the remuneration proposal for the management in accordance with the corporate missions and targets
determined by the Board; reviewing the overall remuneration policy of the Company and the total amount
of annual remuneration and examining the remuneration policy and the execution of annual remuneration;
making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of executive Directors and senior management
(including salary, pension and compensation (including the compensation as to the loss or termination of
office or appointment)), as well as the remuneration of non-executive Directors; considering salaries paid
by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions of other
positions of the Company; reviewing and approving compensation payable to executive Directors and senior
management for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with the terms
of the employment contracts or is otherwise fair and reasonable; reviewing and approving compensation
arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent
with the terms of the employment contracts or are otherwise reasonable and appropriate; ensuring that
no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration; examining the
appraisal standards of the Directors and senior management of the Company; reviewing and examining
the performance of the duties of the Directors and senior management, conducting annual performance
assessment and providing recommendations; overseeing the implementation of remuneration system of the
Company; performing other duties as authorized by the Board; and performing other duties as required by the
listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the Company is listed.
     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held a total of three
meetings. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed the performance of and conducted annual
performance appraisals for the executive Directors and senior management of the Company, conducted
special assessment on the compliance of the compliance officer of the Company, implemented the mechanism
linked to work efficiency, clarified the principle of redistribution of annual remuneration for deputy managers,
and formulated the Measures for the Evaluation of Operational Performance of Managers of China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           155
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
was as follows:

                                                                              Number of meetings attended/
        No.                                Name
                                                                                Number of meetings held

 1                 XIANG Hua (chairman)                                    3/3

 2                 SU Min                                                  3/3

 3                 LI Xiaofei                                              0/0

 4                 XIONG Wei                                               3/3

 5                 FENG Jinhua                                             1/1

 6                 PENG Lei                                                3/3

 7                 WONG Ti                                                 2/2



(VI) The Nomination Committee held six meetings during the Reporting Period


     Date of                                                                                           Other duty
                            Details of meeting                  Major opinions and recommendations
     meeting                                                                                          performance

 January 13,    Considered and approved the resolution on
                                                              Nil                                    Nil
 2022           the nomination of President.

 January 21,    Considered and approved the resolution on
                                                              Nil                                    Nil
 2022           the nomination of candidates for Directors.

                Considered and approved the resolution on
 March 25,      the report on review of Board structure of
                                                              Nil                                    Nil
 2022           the Company for 2021, and resolution on the
                nomination of Chief Information Officer.

 May 13,        Considered and approved the resolution on
                                                              Nil                                    Nil
 2022           the nomination of Vice President.

                Considered and approved the resolution on
 October 10,    the nomination of candidates for Directors,
                                                              Nil                                    Nil
 2022           and resolution on the nomination of
                candidates for independent Directors.

                Considered and approved the resolution
 December
                on the nomination of candidates for non-      Nil                                    Nil
 19, 2022
                executive Directors.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

156
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Company include: reviewing the structure,
number of members and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
once a year and making recommendations on any intended change to the Board in line with the strategies
of the Company; making recommendations to the Board as to its scale and composition based on the
business operations, asset scale and share structure of the Company; considering and formulating criteria
and procedures for selection of Directors and senior management to be approved by the Board; identifying
qualified candidates for Directors and senior management and giving opinions to the Board; assessing the
independence of independent non-executive Directors; reviewing and providing recommendations on the
appointment and dismissal of Directors and senior management; making recommendations to the Board
on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors, as well as the succession plan of Directors (particularly
the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer); performing other duties as authorized by the Board; and
performing other duties as required by the listing rules or laws and regulations of the places where the
Company is listed.
     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held a total of six meetings. The Nomination
Committee reviewed the structure of the Board (including Board diversity) and the qualifications of candidates
for Directors and senior management. For details of the nomination procedures, processes and guidelines
observed by the Nomination Committee during the Reporting Period, please see “Diversity policy” in “Chapter
4: Corporate Governance Report” of this report.
     During the Reporting Period, the attendance of meetings of the Nomination Committee was as follows:

                                                                       Number of meetings attended/
      No.                             Name
                                                                         Number of meetings held

 1               XIONG Wei (chairman)                              6/6

 2               HUO Da                                            6/6

 3               LI Xiaofei                                        0/0

 4               XIAO Houfa                                        6/6

 5                HU Honggao                                       6/6

 6                PENG Lei                                         6/6



VIII. Duty Performance of Supervisors

      During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company fully performed its duties in
corporate governance in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law and
Securities Law and the related provisions regarding the responsibilities of the Supervisory Committee in the
Articles of Association. The Supervisory Committee supervised the Board and senior management in respect of
their implementation of resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings, inspected the daily operation and
financial position of the Company, monitored the risk control and compliance of the Company, safeguarded
the legitimate interests of the Company, its shareholders and all investors and made positive contributions to
the regulated operation of the Company.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         157
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(I)       Attendance of Supervisors at Supervisory Committee meetings and shareholders’ general
          meetings


                                                                                                                                                                    Attendance of
                                                                                    Attendance of Supervisory Committee meetings                                    shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                   general meeting

       Name of                                  Number of
                            Position                                                                                                               Whether not
      Supervisor                                Supervisory                              Attendance                                                                 Attendance of
                                                                                                                                                   attending in
                                                Committee          Attendance in           through         Attendance by           Absence                          shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                  person for two
                                                 meetings          person (times)      correspondence      proxy (times)           (times)                         general meeting
                                                                                                                                                   consecutive
                                                 requiring                                  (times)                                                                    (times)
                                                                                                                                                     meetings
                                                attendance
 ZHOU Linda Lei    Chairman of the
                                                              11               11                    9                  0                    0   No                              3
 (周語菡)             Supervisory Committee
 WANG Zhangwei     Shareholder representative
                                                              11               11                   11                  0                    0   No                              3
 (王章為)             Supervisor
 MA Yunchun        Shareholder representative
                                                              11               11                   11                  0                    0   No                              3
 (馬蘊春)             Supervisor
 ZHANG Zhen        Shareholder representative
                                                              11               10                   10                  1                    0   No                              3
  (張震)             Supervisor
 ZOU Qun           Shareholder representative
                                                              11               11                   11                  0                    0   No                              3
  (鄒群)             Supervisor
 YIN Hongyan       Employee representative
                                                              11               11                    9                  0                    0   No                              3
 (尹虹艶)             Supervisor
 HE Min            Employee representative
                                                              11               11                    9                  0                    0   No                              3
 (何敏)              Supervisor
 LI Xiaofei
 (李曉霏)
                   Shareholder representative
 (Resigned on                                                 11               11                   11                  0                    0   No                              3
                   Supervisor
 January 12,
 2023)
 SHEN Weihua
  (沈衛華)            Employee representative
                                                              11               11                    9                  0                    0   No                              3
 (Resigned on      Supervisor
 March 9, 2023)

 Number of Supervisory Committee meetings convened during the year                                                                                                            11
 Of which: number of onsite meetings                                                                                                                                            0
 Number of meetings convened by way of correspondence                                                                                                                           9
 Number of meetings convened onsite and by way of correspondence                                                                                                                2




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

158
                                                 Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Convening of Supervisory Committee meetings

     In 2022, the Supervisory Committee convened a total of 11 meetings, details of which are set out as
follows:

                        Date of
       Session                                                  Resolution(s)
                        meeting

 7th meeting
 of the seventh                        Considered and approved the resolution on the audit report on
 session of the     January 24, 2022   the resignation of DENG Xiaoli, a former Vice President of China
 Supervisory                           Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
 Committee

                                       Considered and approved the resolutions on the 2021 annual
                                       report of the Company, the 2021 operational report of the
                                       Company, the internal control evaluation report of the Company
 8th meeting
                                       for 2021, the compliance report of the Company for 2021, the
 of the seventh
                                       evaluation report on effectiveness of compliance management of
 session of the     March 25, 2022
                                       the Company for 2021, the 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility
 Supervisory
                                       and Environmental, Social and Governance Report, the report on
 Committee
                                       the deposit and usage of proceeds of the Company for 2021, and
                                       the work report of the Supervisory Committee of the Company for
                                       2021

 9th meeting
 of the seventh
                                       Considered and approved the resolution on the first quarterly
 session of the     April 24, 2022
                                       report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. for 2022
 Supervisory
 Committee

 10th meeting
 of the seventh                        Considered and approved the resolution on the audit report on
 session of the     April 30, 2022     the resignation of WU Guangyan, a former Vice President of China
 Supervisory                           Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
 Committee

 11th meeting
 of the seventh                        Considered and approved the resolution on the audit report on
 session of the     June 6, 2022       the resignation of XIONG Jiantao, the former President of China
 Supervisory                           Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
 Committee




                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                   159
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                           Date of
      Session                                                    Resolution(s)
                           meeting

 12th meeting
 of the seventh                          Considered and approved the resolution on the audit report on
 session of the        July 8, 2022      the resignation of ZHANG Qing, a former Vice President of China
 Supervisory                             Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
 Committee

 13th meeting
 of the seventh                          Considered and approved the resolution on the 2022 interim
 session of the        August 25, 2022   operational report of the Company, and resolution on the 2022
 Supervisory                             interim report of the Company
 Committee

 14th meeting
 of the seventh                          Considered and approved the resolution on the audit report on
                       September 23,
 session of the                          the resignation of LI Zongjun, a former Vice President of China
                       2022
 Supervisory                             Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
 Committee

 15th meeting
 of the seventh
                       October 28,       Considered and approved the resolution on the third quarterly
 session of the
                       2022              report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. for 2022
 Supervisory
 Committee

 16th meeting
                                         Considered and approved the resolution on the 2021 special
 of the seventh
                       November 22,      audit report on the management of high-risk matters in relation
 session of the
                       2022              to the implementation of enterprise responsibility on improving
 Supervisory
                                         governance to achieve high-quality development of the Company
 Committee

 17th meeting
 of the seventh                          Considered and approved the resolution on the consideration and
                       December 19,
 session of the                          recommendation of candidates for shareholder representative
                       2022
 Supervisory                             Supervisors of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee
 Committee




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

160
                                                   Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



IX. Employees of the Parent Company and Major Subsidiaries as at the End of
    the Reporting Period

(I)   Employees


 Number of employees of the parent company                                                     11,524

 Number of employees of major subsidiaries                                                         964

 Total number of employees                                                                     12,488

 Number of resigned and retired employees with expenses borne by the parent company
                                                                                                    61
 and major subsidiaries

                                    Classification by business function

                                    Business function                                    Number

 Securities and futures brokerage                                                                7,653

 Research                                                                                          333

 Investment and trading                                                                            261

 Investment management                                                                             260

 Investment banking                                                                              1,504

 Legal and compliance, risk management and internal audit                                          184

 IT                                                                                              1,445

 Finance and accounting                                                                            168

 Administration and management                                                                     501

 Others                                                                                            179

 Total                                                                                         12,488

                               Classification by educational background

                              Educational background                                     Number

 Doctor                                                                                            106

 Master                                                                                          4,487

 Bachelor                                                                                        5,526

 Others                                                                                          2,369

 Total                                                                                         12,488




                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                   161
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Remuneration policy

     The general remuneration policy of the Company is formulated by the Board mainly based on the
remuneration of benchmark companies as well as the performance of major operational indicators of the
Company. The management is responsible for allocating the total remuneration according to the market-
oriented and performance-based principles, which shall consist of competitive fixed remuneration determined
based on the market remuneration data provided by professional management consulting company and
the ranking of the Company among its major competitors, and bonus determined at the discretion of the
Company mainly according to the achievement of key performance indicators of each department, strategic
tasks, and objectives in terms of innovation and synergy, use of economic capital, implementation of
enterprise risk management and compliance management as well as the market rate.
     For the year ended December 31, 2022, total staff remuneration expenses (including Directors’
remuneration) amounted to RMB5,802.87 million. For further details, please refer to “Note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements” of this report.


(III) Training program

       The Company has formulated annual training programs based on its strategic planning and talent
training objectives, and ensured that employees’ common and personalized training needs can be met
by continuously strengthening resource investment and improving operational management. The content
of training for existing and new employees includes industry laws and regulations, internal rules and
regulations, compliance and risk control, professional ethics, integrity awareness, and various knowledge
and skills necessary for securities practitioners, so as to effectively improve employees’ professional ability.
The Company has planned and launched a series of special learning projects for key talent teams, in order
to speed up the cultivation of core talents. The Company has continuously optimized its training approaches
and vigorously promoted online + offline learning and training, thereby improving learning efficiency and
facilitating the conversion of training results. Through various effective trainings throughout the year, it
enabled employees to enhance their ability and quality, and the Company to achieve its business goals and
improve its core competitiveness.


(IV) Outsourced services

     Some departments and branches of the headquarters of the Company outsource certain works which are
not essential, non-business and supporting in nature. The Company enters into relevant service agreements
with outsourcers and regulates service quality in compliance with related national laws and regulations such
as the Civil Code.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

162
                                                     Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(V) Others

      As of December 31, 2022, the Company entered into the securities agency contracts with 1,276 agents.
The Company adopted categorized and classified management on its agents. In respect of categorized
management, the headquarters of the Company is responsible for formulating centralized systems and
regulations on the recruitment, remuneration, performance assessment, training, compliance management
and routine code of conduct, while branch companies and branches shall determine their respective systems
on recruitment, profit sharing commission rate, training and assessment of the marketing personnel under
the framework formulated by the Company. In respect of classified management, the Company classifies its
marketing personnel into different grades according to their sales performance, educational background,
professional qualifications, compliance with laws and regulations and general qualifications. Marketing
personnel are assigned with different remuneration package and scope of business according to their grades.
In particular, general marketing staff is mainly responsible for soliciting new customers, while those with
exceptional performance and higher qualifications is responsible for serving customers with a specific level of
assets.


X. Proposals on Profit Distribution or Conversion of Capital Reserve

(I)   Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

     While striving to achieve sustainable growth and development, the Company has also attached great
importance to providing reasonable, steady and constant returns to investors, and has implemented a
continuous and stable profit distribution policy.
      The Company may distribute its profits in the form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares,
and may distribute its profit by way of cash dividend as priority. The specific distribution ratio shall be
determined by the Board according to the operating status of the Company and the relevant requirements
of the CSRC, subject to the approval at the shareholders’ general meeting. Under the premises that both the
profit and risk control indicators of the Company have met the regulatory requirements, and after taking into
account the operation and long-term development needs of the Company, the Company will actively adopt
profit distribution in the form of cash.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          163
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      The profit distribution of the Company shall comply with the following requirements:
      1.   profits distributed by the Company in cash each year shall be no less than 10% of distributable
           profits realized in that year, and for any three consecutive years, profits accumulatively distributed
           by the Company in cash shall be no less than 30% of annual average distributable profits realized
           for such three years;
      2.   the Company may not distribute profits beyond the scope of accumulative distributable profits and
           shall ensure that, after the implementation of the profit distribution plan, all risk control indicators
           comply with the standard warning requirements set out in the Measures for the Risk Control
           Indicators of Securities Companies;
      3.   the Company shall in principle distribute profits once each year, but the Board may suggest the
           Company make the interim cash dividend distribution according to its profitability and funding
           requirements and on relevant conditions;
      4.   where the Company maintains the consistency of share capital expansion with business
           development and performance growth on the premise of complying with the provisions concerning
           cash dividend distribution contained in (1) above and ensuring the reasonable scale of share capital
           of the Company, it may distribute dividends in shares or by other means.
      During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated and implemented the annual profit distribution
plan for 2021 in accordance with the requirements on the policy, decision-making process and arrangement
of dividend under the Plan on Shareholders’ Returns of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (2021-2023) and
the Articles of Association of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
      The proposal on the annual profit distribution for 2021 is as follows: Based on the Company’s total
share capital of 8,696,526,806 shares prior to the implementation of the proposal, the Company shall
distribute a cash dividend of RMB0.540 (tax inclusive) for each share, amounting to cash dividend of
RMB4,696,124,475.24 in total. The cash dividend distributed accounted for 40.33% of the net profit
attributable to shareholders of the parent company in the consolidated statement of the Company for 2021.
     Such cash dividend shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares in RMB
and to holders of H Shares in Hong Kong dollar. The actual amount of dividend paid in Hong Kong dollar shall
be determined based on the average exchange rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollar published by the People’s
Bank of China for the five business days immediately before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting for
considering the profit distribution plan.
     The profit distribution plan was reviewed by the Company’s independent Directors and was approved
by the Board before it was submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting for approval. The proposal was
considered and passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, where the vote by minority shareholders was
counted separately.
      The profit distribution policy adopted by the Company is in compliance with laws and regulations as
well as stipulations of the Plan on Shareholders’ Returns of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (2021-2023)
and the Articles of Association. The dividend distribution basis and ratio were specific and clear, and the
relevant decision-making procedures and arrangement were complete. The independent Directors have fully
performed their responsibilities in the course of making decisions on profit distribution and the legitimate
rights and interests of minority shareholders were safeguarded.
      The annual profit distribution plan for 2021 of the Company was implemented on August 8, 2022.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

164
                                                       Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Details of cash dividend policy


 Whether the policy was in compliance with the requirements of the Articles of
                                                                                              ✓Yes   □No
 Association or the resolutions passed at the shareholders’ general meetings

 Whether the dividend distribution basis and ratio were specific and clear                    ✓Yes   □No
 Whether the relevant decision-making procedures and arrangement were complete                ✓Yes   □No
 Whether the independent Directors have duly performed their duties and functions             ✓Yes   □No
 Whether there were enough opportunities for minority shareholders to express their
 views and concerns, and whether their legitimate rights and interests were sufficiently      ✓Yes   □No
 safeguarded



(III) Profit distribution and conversion of capital reserve during the Reporting Period


 Number of bonus shares for every 10 shares                                                                0

 Dividends for every 10 shares (RMB) (tax inclusive)                                                   1.85

 Number of shares converted for every 10 shares                                                            0

 Cash dividends (tax inclusive)                                                            1,608,857,459.11

 Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company in the
 consolidated statement for the year of dividend distribution                              8,072,318,543.95

 Proportion to the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
 Company in the consolidated statement (%)                                                            19.93

 Amount of repurchase of shares in cash included in the cash dividends                                     0

 Total dividends (tax inclusive)                                                           1,608,857,459.11

 Proportion of total dividends to the net profit attributable to ordinary
 shareholders of the Company in the consolidated statement (%)                                        19.93




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         165
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      The Company will not allocate profit to the statutory reserve for 2022. Based on the total share capital
registered on the equity registration date for equity distribution, a cash dividend of RMB1.85 (tax inclusive)
for every 10 shares will be distributed to all shareholders; no bonus shares will be distributed; and no capital
reserve will be converted to share capital.
     Based on the total number of shares of the Company of 8,696,526,806 shares as of December 31, 2022,
the total distributed profit is RMB1,608,857,459.11. If the Company’s total share capital changes on the
equity registration date for equity distribution, the Company will keep the total distribution unchanged and
adjust the distribution per share accordingly.
     Such cash dividend shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares in RMB
and to holders of H Shares in Hong Kong dollar. The actual amount of dividend paid in Hong Kong dollar shall
be determined based on the average exchange rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollar published by the People’s
Bank of China for the five business days immediately before the date of the shareholders’ general meeting for
considering the profit distribution plan.
      Upon consideration and approval of the 2022 annual profit distribution plan at the 2022 annual general
meeting of the Company, the Company will distribute the 2022 annual cash dividend before August 30,
2023. The Company will make separate announcement regarding the record date of such H Share dividend
distribution, the period of closure of register of members, the equity registration date for A Share dividend
distribution and the specific payment date.


(IV) Profit distribution plan/proposal for the last three years

                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                   Net profit
                                                                                                                                   Proportion to
                                                                                                                 attributable
                                                                                                                                   the net profit
                                                                                                                  to ordinary
                                                Dividends for e                                                                      attributable
                            Number of bonus                        Number of shares     Cash dividends       shareholders of
                                                 very 10 shares                                                                       to ordinary
                Year         shares for every                          converted for              (RMB)      the Company in
                                                          (RMB)                                                                  shareholders of
                                    10 shares                        every 10 shares     (tax inclusive)    the consolidated
                                                 (tax inclusive)                                                                 the Company in
                                                                                                           statement for the
                                                                                                                                the consolidated
                                                                                                            year of dividend
                                                                                                                                   statement (%)
                                                                                                                 distribution

       2022                                0               1.85                   0    1,608,857,459.11     8,072,318,543.95               19.93

       2021                                0               5.40                   0    4,696,124,475.24    11,645,065,137.15               40.33

       2020                                0               4.37                   0    3,800,382,214.22     9,491,638,796.98               40.04

       First half of 2020                  0               3.35                   0    2,913,336,480.01     4,333,834,391.86               67.22

      Note:       As the Company was engaged in the rights issue exercise in the first half of 2020, no proposal on the
                  profit distribution for 2019 was made. The total interim dividends for 2020 accounted for 40.01%
                  of the net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company in the consolidated statement in
                  2019.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

166
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



XI. Information about the Company’s Share Incentive Plan, Employee Stock
    Ownership Scheme or Other Employee Incentive Measures and Their
    Impacts

(I)   Related share incentive events which were disclosed in the temporary announcements with no
      progress or change in subsequent implementation


                           Summary of event                                           Reference

       The “Plan for Repurchasing A Shares of the Company by Centralized
 Bidding Transactions” was considered and approved at the 17th meeting
 of the sixth session of the Board, the 2019 first extraordinary general
 meeting, the 2019 first A Shareholders class meeting and the 2019 first
 H Shareholders class meeting of the Company. The Company intended
 to use all of the A Shares repurchased this time for the employee stock
 ownership scheme.
       The “Proposal for Employee Stock Ownership Scheme (Draft) of
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. and its Summary” was considered
 and approved at the 25th meeting of the sixth session of the Board
 and the 2020 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company.
 The “Proposal on the Advanced Completion of A Share Repurchase of
 the Company” and the “Proposal on Defining the Price and Scale of
                                                                              The relevant announcements
 Purchasing the Repurchased Shares of the Company’s Employee Stock
                                                                              published by the Company
 Ownership Scheme” were considered and approved at the 28th meeting
                                                                              on the Hong Kong Stock
 of the sixth session of the Board and the 2020 first extraordinary general
                                                                              Exchange website on March
 meeting of the Company, and the “Employee Stock Ownership Scheme
                                                                              12, March 13, April 11, May
 (Draft) of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” and its summary were
                                                                              20, October 15, November
 accordingly revised. The purpose of the employee stock ownership
                                                                              8 and December 26, 2019,
 scheme is to (1) further improve the corporate governance structure,
                                                                              and January 14, January 15,
 establish and enhance the benefit-sharing and risk-sharing mechanism
                                                                              January 22, March 5, July 6
 among shareholders, the Company and its employees, promote the
                                                                              and August 18, 2020.
 concept of common and sustainable development of the Company and
 individuals, and fully stimulate the enthusiasm of the senior management
 and key talents of the Company; (2) attract and retain outstanding talents
 and key employees, balance the long-term and short-term interests of
 the Company, and attract various talents more flexibly, so as to better
 promote the long-term, sustainable and sound development of the
 Company. Upon the implementation of the employee stock ownership
 scheme, the total number of A Shares held under the employee stock
 ownership scheme shall not exceed 10% of the total share capital of the
 Company, and the total number of A Shares held by any individual holder
 under the employee stock ownership scheme shall not exceed 1% of the
 total share capital of the Company.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                       167
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                              Summary of event                              Reference

       On January 21, 2020, the Company held the first meeting of holders
 of employee stock ownership scheme, and considered and approved
 the “Proposal on the Establishment of Employee Stock Ownership
 Scheme Management Committee of the Company” and the “Proposal
 on the Election of Members of the Employee Stock Ownership Scheme
 Management Committee of the Company”. The participants of the
 employee stock ownership scheme are Directors, Supervisors, senior
 management, personnel at D-tier and above and other key employees
 who have entered into labor contracts with the Company and its wholly-
 owned subsidiaries.
       The Company engaged CMS Asset Management as the management
 authority for the employee stock ownership scheme, and signed the
 “CMS Asset Management – Asset Management Contract for Single
 Asset Management Scheme under the China Merchants Securities No. 1
 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme” with CMS Asset Management on
 behalf of the employee stock ownership scheme. On March 6, 2020, the
 Company received the “Share Transfer Confirmation” issued by CSDC. On
 March 3, 2020, the Company completed the share transfer procedures
 for the employee stock ownership scheme. The employee stock ownership
 scheme holds 40,020,780 A Shares of the Company, accounting for
 0.5974% of the total share capital of the Company, with a total of 995
 participants.
       Upon the completion of the Company’s A+H Shares rights issue
 from July 2020 to August 2020, the employee stock ownership scheme
 holds 52,026,381 A Shares of the Company, accounting for 0.5982%
 of the total share capital of the Company. The subscription price under
 the employee stock ownership scheme is RMB16.5912 per share, which
 is determined based on the average price of the shares repurchased by
 the Company (including transaction fees) for the implementation of the
 employee stock ownership scheme. For details of the subscription price
 and basis of determination for the issuance of shares under the employee
 stock ownership scheme, please refer to the relevant announcements
 published by the Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on
 July 6 and August 18, 2020.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

168
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report




                           Summary of event                                         Reference

      The source of funds for the Company’s employees to participate
 in the scheme is the legal salary of the employees and self-raised
 funds obtained by other means permitted by laws and administrative
 regulations.
      According to the “China Merchants Securities Employee Stock
 Ownership Scheme (Revised Draft)”, the relevant shares under the
 Company’s employee stock ownership scheme shall be locked up from
 the date on which the Company announced the completion of such share
 transfer (March 6, 2020) for a period of 36 months.
      The employee stock ownership scheme shall last for 10 years,
 commencing from the date on which its was approved at the
 shareholders’ general meeting (i.e. January 15, 2020). The scheme can
 be extended upon consideration at the meeting of holders under the
 employee stock ownership scheme and submission to the Board for
 consideration and approval. If the employee stock ownership scheme
 expires and has not been effectively extended, the employee stock
 ownership scheme shall be automatically terminated. The remaining term
 of the employee stock ownership scheme is approximately 6.8 years.

     In 2022, none of the shares under the employee stock ownership scheme were granted, exercised,
lapsed or cancelled. As at the date of this report, details of the shares granted under the employee stock
ownership scheme are as follows:

                              Name/category of holder                             Number of shares held

      HUO Da                                                                                    531,210

      ZHOU Linda Lei                                                                            429,054

      YIN Hongyan                                                                               204,311

      HE Min                                                                                    102,156

      CHEN Jun                                                                                  102,156

      Total of the five individuals with the highest total remuneration in 2022
                                                                                              1,879,666
      (two of whom are Directors or Supervisors)

      Total of other employees                                                              37,732,491




                                                                                        2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                     169
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Interests and short positions in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its
       associated corporations of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives

     As at December 31, 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
corporations which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or interests or short positions which would be
required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein, or required,
pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange were as
follows:

                                                                                                 Percentage of     Percentage of
                                                                                                                                    Long positions/
                                                                                              total number of    total number of
         Directors/                                          Nature of           Number of                                         short positions/
                      Position             Class of shares                                    issued shares of   issued A Shares
        Supervisors                                          interest           shares held                                        shares available
                                                                                                 the Company     of the Company
                                                                                                                                        for lending
                                                                                                          (%)                (%)

                      Chairman of
        HUO Da
                      the Board,           A Shares          Beneficial owner      531,210              0.006              0.007      Long position
        (霍達)
                      executive Director

                      Chairman of
        ZHOU Linda
                      the Supervisory      A Shares          Beneficial owner      429,054              0.005              0.006      Long position
        Lei (周語菡)
                      Committee

                      Employee
        YIN Hongyan
                      representative       A Shares          Beneficial owner      204,311              0.002              0.003      Long position
        (尹虹艷)
                      Supervisor

                      Employee
        HE Min (何敏)   representative       A Shares          Beneficial owner      102,156              0.001              0.001      Long position
                      Supervisor



(III) Appraisal system of senior management and the establishment and implementation of
      incentive mechanism during the Reporting Period

      The remuneration of the senior management of the Company is determined based on their position
and performance. A performance bonus incentives system has been set up under the current management
framework, and the payment of performance-based bonuses is determined by the Board with reference to
the operating results of the Company. The Chairman and senior management of the Company are entitled to
an individual performance bonus based on the appraisal results. The distribution proposal shall be confirmed
after the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board issues written opinions thereon.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

170
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



XII. Establishment and Implementation of Internal Control System during the
     Reporting Period

      As an A+H share listed securities company, the Company has established a comprehensive internal
control system in accordance with relevant domestic and overseas laws and regulations as well as relevant
regulations and rules on internal control promulgated by regulatory authorities, the Exchanges and other
self-regulatory organizations. The Company has always established internal control throughout its business
development, constantly improved system construction, strengthened the implementation of the system,
and implemented supervision and inspection, so as to ensure the sustainable and stable development of the
Company.
     According to the evaluation results of internal control of the Company for 2022, the Company had no
major defects in the internal control of financial reporting and non-financial reporting during the Reporting
Period. The Company has established and effectively implemented a relatively comprehensive internal control
mechanism, thereby achieving the overall goal of the Company’s internal control.


XIII. Development of Compliance Management System of the Company

(I)   Establishment of compliance management system of the Company

     The Company has established its five-level compliance management structure comprising the Board,
senior management, Chief Compliance Officer, Legal and Compliance Department, and other departments,
branches and subsidiaries at all levels. In 2022, each level duly performed its respective compliance
management duties and maintained proper compliance level.
      The Company continued to promote the construction of a compliance management system, further
organized the implementation of new regulatory rules and properly conducted regulatory communication.
It also carried out compliance management supervision such as compliance review, compliance training
promotion, compliance inspection, compliance risk treatment, daily compliance monitoring and anti-money
laundering in accordance with the laws and regulations as well as rules of the Company. Meanwhile, the
Company strengthened the prevention and identification of compliance risks, and improved the compliance
risk control mechanism. It followed up and interpreted laws, regulations and standards in a timely manner,
and organized relevant departments to timely revise and refine internal rules and regulations, in order to
implement new regulations and requirements, and effectively enhance the Company’s internal control
management. In addition, the Company newly formulated or revised seven legal and compliance management
policies, including the “Compliance Manual” (《合規手冊》), “Management System on Securities Investment
Behavior of Securities Practitioners of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” (《招商證券股份有限公司證券從
業人員證券投資行為管理制度》) and “Measures for Contract Management of China Merchants Securities Co.,
Ltd.” (《招商證券股份有限公司合同管理辦法》), to continuously improve the compliance management system.
The Company strictly implemented the “Accountability Regulations for Cadre and Staff of China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd.” (《招商證券股份有限公司幹部員工問責管理規定》), and established a sound compliance
accountability system.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                        171
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(II)   Compliance inspections during the Reporting Period

      In 2022, the Company stepped up its compliance inspections, actively carried out compliance inspections
which focused on major regulatory concerns, high-risk areas and new businesses, and comprehensively
identified the compliance risk and supervised the rectification. A total of 37 compliance inspections were
carried out throughout the year, which ensured the execution of the business regulations.


XIV.Management and Control on Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period

      The Company conducts standardized management on its subsidiaries in accordance with the subsidiary
management system. The Company’s management of wholly-owned subsidiaries follows the basic principles
of unified management, independent decision-making and standardized operation with high flexibility and
efficiency. Each functional department of the Company conducts strategic management, human resources
management, financial management and risk compliance management for subsidiaries according to the
functional lines. In addition, the Company has also strengthened the internal management and control
on subsidiaries through the Kingdee system, OA system and other management system software, so as to
improve the operation and management on subsidiaries.


XV. Relevant Issues Based on the Audit Report on Internal Control

     For details of the audit report on internal control of the Company, please refer to the 2022 Audit Report
on Internal Control of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司2022年度內部控制審計
報告》) published on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website for the same period of this report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

172
                                                   Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



XVI.Progress of Audit

      During the Reporting Period, the Company carried out audit and supervision based on the concept
of “mitigating problems, focusing on management and control, and pursuing enhancement in quality and
efficiency”. First, the Company implemented its strategy, and made general plans to maintain its business
coverage and focus, so as to advance the annual audit plan in an orderly manner, and complete special
investigations with high efficiency and quality. Second, the Company facilitated efficient development,
prevented risks, improved quality and efficiency, mitigated problems, conducted analysis, and focused on
the improvement and implementation of management and control mechanisms. It deepened communication
and publicity, and mitigated problems that were difficult to be completely eliminated through accountability
and ideological education. The three objectives of “cannot, dare not and do not want to create problems”
are equally important. Third, the Company promoted its strategies, publicized its ideology and overcame
difficulties. Along with the development and changes of the industry and the advancement of its own
strategy, the Company comprehensively evaluated the effectiveness and strength of its management policies
and management measures.
     During the Reporting Period, the Company launched a total of 147 audit items of various types, in which
39 were related to audit and assessment of the headquarters and subsidiaries, comprehensively covering
the Company’s debt financing management, data governance, operation and maintenance and emergency
management of financial technology center, Internet finance business, investment banking management
process, fixed-income investment, derivative investment, asset management business (subsidiary), private
equity investment business (subsidiary) and other businesses or management areas, leading the completion of
the effective self-assessment of the Company’s internal control project. There were 108 audit items with the
departure or resignation of the head of branches.
     Through such internal audits, evaluation and follow-up supervision and rectification, the completeness,
adequacy and effectiveness of internal control systems of each unit have been comprehensively coordinated
and improved. The major risks have been fully reflected and the prevention and control have been
strengthened. The compliance and risk prevention awareness have also improved. The audit and supervision
have provided a strong guarantee for the steady and high-quality development of the Company.


XVII.Rectification of Issues Identified from Self-inspection of the Special Governance Action
     of Listed Companies

      According to the planning of the CSRC, in 2021, the Company organized the self-inspection of the
special governance action of listed companies. Upon self-inspection, the Company established and improved a
relatively complete and reasonable corporate governance structure and internal control system in accordance
with relevant laws, regulations, rules and systems such as the Company Law, the Corporate Governance
Guidelines for Listed Companies, the Corporate Governance Guidelines for Securities Companies, the Rules
Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The issues identified in the self-inspection, such
as the extension of the Board and the Supervisory Committee and the failure of certain members of senior
management to attend the shareholders’ general meetings, have all been rectified in 2021. The Company will
further enhance its corporate governance in accordance with laws and regulations, and continuously improve
its quality of development.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                       173
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



XVIII. Miscellaneous

(I)    Compliance with code on securities transactions

      The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding the transactions of
securities of the Company by all Directors and Supervisors. Having made specific inquiries, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that during the Reporting Period, they have strictly complied with
the standards under the Model Code. According to the requirements of the CSRC, employees of the Company
shall be regarded as securities practitioners and shall be prohibited from dealings in shares. The Company is
not aware of any breach of the guidelines by the relevant employees. The Board will inspect the corporate
governance and its operation from time to time, in order to comply with the applicable requirements
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and safeguard the interests of shareholders. Upon inquiry, all Directors,
Supervisors and senior management have confirmed that they have strictly complied with the applicable
requirements under the Model Code and the Management Rules on the Shares and Changes of Shareholdings
of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有
限公司董事、監事和高級管理人員所持公司股份及其變動管理制度》). For details regarding the shareholdings
of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management in the Company, please see “Change in shareholdings
and remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
Reporting Period” in “Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report” of this report.


(II)   Responsibilities of Directors for financial statements

      The following responsibility statement of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
of this report, while each responsibility statement shall be interpreted separately.
    The Board has confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual report for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of the Group.
     The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and well-defined assessment on the annual
and interim reports, price-sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed according to
the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided relevant and
necessary explanations and information for the Board so that the Board could make an informed assessment
on the financial data and position of the Group for approval.
       To the knowledge of the Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant
uncertainty that are likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustained
operations. In addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and
liabilities to which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed.


(III) Joint company secretaries

     Mr. WU Huifeng and Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne are the joint company secretaries of the Company,
whose appointments were made in July 2015 and April 2016, respectively, and became effective in October
2016. Mr. WU Huifeng is the secretary to the Board and the main contact person within the Company.
Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne is a vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited.
According to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, for the year ended December 31, 2022, both Mr. WU
Huifeng and Ms. KWONG Yin Ping Yvonne have received over 15 hours of relevant professional training.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

174
                                                      Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(IV) Interests of shareholders

      The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict compliance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for the Shareholders’ General Meetings to ensure the equal status of
all shareholders, in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.
      According to Article 83 of the Articles of Association, shareholder(s) severally or jointly holding 10% or
above shares of the Company for ninety (90) consecutive days or more shall be entitled to request the Board
to convene an extraordinary general meeting, and shall put forward such request to the Board in writing. The
Board shall, pursuant to relevant laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association, indicate its
written feedbacks to the agreement or disagreement to the convening of the extraordinary general meeting
within ten (10) days after receipt of the request. Where the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary
general meeting, it will serve a notice of such meeting within five (5) days after the resolution is made by the
Board. In the event of any change to the original request set forth in the notice, the consent of the relevant
shareholder(s) shall be obtained. If the Board does not agree to convene the extraordinary general meeting
or gives no feedback within ten (10) days after receipt of the request, shareholder(s) severally or jointly
holding 10% or above shares of the Company for ninety (90) consecutive days or more shall be entitled to
request the Supervisory Committee to convene an extraordinary general meeting, and shall put forward such
request to the Supervisory Committee in writing. Where the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the
extraordinary general meeting, it will serve a notice of such meeting within five (5) days after the receipt of
the said request. In the event of any change to the original request set forth in the notice, the consent of the
relevant shareholder(s) shall be obtained. In the case of failure to issue the notice for the shareholders’ general
meeting within the prescribed period, the Supervisory Committee shall be deemed as failing to convene and
preside over the shareholders’ general meeting. As a result of its failure to do so, shareholder(s) severally or
jointly holding 10% or above shares of the Company for ninety (90) consecutive days or more shall be entitled
to convene and preside over such meeting by itself/themselves.
      The Company pays high attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively, eagerly and
regularly carries out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and fulfill
their reasonable requests timely. The Company has formulated a series of thorough rules and regulations such
as the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship (《投資者關係管理制度》) to manage investor
relationship in accordance with the standards, systems and procedures. The Company has formed good
interaction and communication with the investors through various channels, such as investor service hotlines,
the special column for investor relations in the Company’s website and reception of on-site researchers.
     The Board welcomes the shareholders’ advice and encourages shareholders to attend the shareholders’
general meetings to ask the Board or management directly about any doubts they may hold. Shareholders may
convene and hold extraordinary general meetings and submit temporary proposals to shareholders’ general
meetings according to the procedures set out in the Articles of Association, which has been published on the
SSE website, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website as well as the Company’s website. The Company will
arrange for the Board and the Management to answer shareholders’ questions in its shareholders’ general
meeting. According to Article 88 of the Articles of Association, the Board, the Supervisory Committee, and
shareholder(s) severally or jointly holding 3% or above shares of the Company for one hundred and eighty
(180) consecutive days or more shall be entitled to submit proposals to the Company at the shareholders’
general meeting. Shareholder(s) severally or jointly holding 3% or above shares of the Company for one
hundred and eighty (180) consecutive days or more shall have the right to submit a temporary proposal to
the convener in writing ten (10) days prior to the holding of the shareholders’ general meeting. The convener


                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             175
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



shall, within two (2) days after receipt of a proposal, issue a supplementary notice of the shareholders’ general
meeting, and announce the contents of the temporary proposal. Save for the circumstances specified above,
the convener shall not amend the proposal set out in the notice of the shareholders’ general meeting or add
any new proposal after the said notice is announced.


(V) Auditor’s remuneration

     For details of the auditor’s remuneration of the Company, please refer to “II. Appointment and Removal
of Accounting Firms” in “Chapter 6: Major Events” of this report.


(VI) Relationship with investors

      The Company attaches great importance to investor relations management, actively carries out
the management of investor relations, continuously enhances the transparency of the Company, and
comprehensively introduces the business development advantages of the Company, so as to enable investors
to have a better understanding of the Company. The Company has formulated the Standards for the Work
of the Secretary to the Board (《董事會秘書工作規範》), Information Disclosure Management System (《信息
披露事務管理制度》) and Investor Relations Management System (《投資者關係管理制度》), and has defined
the relevant working mechanisms. The Company has designated the secretary to the Board to be responsible
for investor relationship management and information disclosure, and received visits and consultations
from shareholders, so as to establish a relatively complete and effective channel for communication with
shareholders.
      The Company has adopted the Shareholders Communication Policy with the aim of establishing
mutual relationship and communication between the Company and its shareholders. In addition to the
information disclosure channels stipulated by the laws, the Company mainly communicates with investors
through shareholders’ meetings, investor briefings, telephone, e-mail, online platforms, receptions and
attendance to investor meetings. The Company has established the following channels to communicate
with its shareholders: (1) corporate communications such as annual reports, interim reports and circulars
published in printed form which are available on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website (www.hkexnews.
hk) and the Company’s website (https://www.cmschina.com/); (2) regular announcements published through
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which are available on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website and the
Company’s website; (3) corporate information provided on the Company’s website; (4) annual general
meetings and extraordinary general meetings which provide a platform for shareholders to express their
opinions and exchange views with the Directors and senior management; and (5) the Hong Kong branch
share registrar and transfer office of the Company which provides services to shareholders in relation to share
registration, distribution of dividends and related matters. The Company has reviewed the implementation
and effectiveness of the Shareholders Communication Policy. The Board believes that the Shareholders
Communication Policy has facilitated adequate communication with shareholders and that such policy is
effective and adequate.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

176
                                                    Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



      During the Reporting Period, the Company organized the analyst and investor telephone conferences
on 2021 annual results and 2022 interim results, the online interactive briefing on 2021 annual results, 2022
interim results and 2022 third quarterly results on SSE Roadshow, and the 2022 investor online collective
reception day for listed companies in Shenzhen. During the year, the Company made continuous and in-
depth communications with a total of more than 600 person-times through the SSE e-Interaction platform,
attendance at strategy meetings of securities companies, reception of researchers, investor hotlines and
e-mail. The Company also regularly presented its performance highlights through long images and short
videos on WeChat, with an aim to enhancing the Company’s market value. As at the end of 2022, the
Company ranked 7th among listed securities companies in terms of market value.
     The Company has recorded the above investor reception and communication activities in accordance
with relevant regulatory requirements, and has properly kept relevant documents.


(VII) Risk management

     The Company has established internal audit functions, mainly including the independent and objective
supervision, evaluation and recommendation on the Company’s internal control, risk management, revenue
and expenses and business activities.
      For details of the risk management of the Company, please refer to the relevant content of “Potential
risks” in “Chapter 3: Report of the Board of Directors” of this report.
     For details of the internal control of the Company, please refer to the “2022 Internal Control Assessment
Report of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.” (《 招商證券股份有限公司2022年度內部控制評價報告》)
published on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website for the same period of this report and “Establishment
and Implementation of Internal Control System during the Reporting Period”, “Development of Compliance
Management System of the Company” and “Progress of Audit” in this chapter of this report.
     The Company believes that, during the Reporting Period, the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems were adequate and effective.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         177
Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report



(VIII) Management of inside information

       The Company has formulated certain management systems for information disclosure and relevant
 inside information and established an operating mechanism for managing inside information in accordance
 with regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period, in accordance with regulations such as the
 Measures for the Administration of Information Disclosure by Listed Companies (《上市公司信息披露管理辦
 法》), Measures for the Administration of Information Disclosure of Corporate Credit Bonds (《公司信用類
 債券信息披露管理辦法》), Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Self-
 regulatory Guidelines for Companies Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 2 – Information Disclosure
 Management (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第2號－信息披露事務管理》) promulgated by the CSRC
 as well as the actual circumstances of the Company, the Company amended the Information Disclosure
 Measures of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司信息披露制度》) and renamed it
 as the Measures for the Administration of Information Disclosure of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.
(《招商證券股份有限公司信息披露事務管理制度》). The amendments have been considered and approved at
 the 21st meeting of the seventh session of the Board on August 26, 2022. During the Reporting Period, in
 accordance with regulations such as the Guidelines for Investor Management of Listed Companies (《上市公
 司投資者管理工作指引》), Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Self-
 regulatory Guidelines for Companies Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 1 – Standardized Operation
(《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第1號－規範運作》) promulgated by the CSRC as well as the actual
 circumstances of the Company, the Company amended the Management System on Investor Relations of
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《招商證券股份有限公司投資者關係管理制度》). The amendments have
 been considered and approved at the 24th meeting of the seventh session of the Board on December 19,
 2022.
      The confidentiality and registration of inside information are regulated based on the Registration System
for Persons with Inside Information (《內幕信息知情人登記制度》) to enhance the level of confidentiality and
the management of insiders. According to the Measures for the Administration of Information Disclosure
(《 信 息 披 露 事 務 管 理 制 度 》), the content, procedure, management and responsibility of information
disclosure are clarified; internal collection and management of major information are refined through the
appointment of contact persons for internal reporting of major information at each of the departments,
branches and subsidiaries; and timely collection and standard management of the Company’s significant
inside information are safeguarded. According to Management System on Investor Relations (《投資者關係
管理制度》), information disclosure shall be made on a fair basis. The operating mechanism for managing
inside information covers all key aspects of controlling inside information including the collection, circulation,
verification, confidentiality and fair disclosure. The Company ensures the effectiveness of such mechanism by
enhancing the training system, defining the duty requirements, upholding accountability and improving the
awareness of information disclosure.


(IX) Amendments to the Articles of Association

      The Company amended the Articles of Association for three times in 2022. For details, please refer to the
relevant announcements published by the Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on March 27,
October 28 and December 19, 2022.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

178
               Chapter 5: Environment and Social Responsibility


     The Company recognizes the importance of adopting appropriate environmental and social policies,
which are crucial to achieving corporate growth. For details of the Group’s environmental and social policy
performance and compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group,
please refer to the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published by the Company for the
same period of this report on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website.


I.     Information on Environmental Protection

 Whether a mechanism related to environmental protection has been established                 Yes

 Amount invested in environmental protection during the Reporting Period (Unit:
 RMB10,000)                                                                                           80



(I)    Description of environmental protection measures taken by the Company other than key
       pollutant discharging units

1.     Disclosure of other information on environmental protection with reference to key pollutant
       discharging units

   For details, please refer to the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published by the
Company for the same period of this report on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website.


(II)   Information on efforts conducive to protecting the ecology, preventing pollution and fulfilling
       environmental protection responsibilities

   For details, please refer to the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published by the
Company for the same period of this report on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website.


(III) Measures adopted for reducing carbon emissions during the Reporting Period and their effects


 Whether measures for reducing carbon emissions have been taken                       Yes

 Carbon dioxide equivalent emissions reduced (Unit: tonne)                                           329

 Types of measures for reducing carbon emissions (e.g. using clean     The Company has used new carbon
 energy to generate electricity, using carbon reduction technologies   reduction technologies and new
 in the business process, developing and manufacturing new             carbon reduction products in its
 products that reduce carbon emissions, etc.)                          routine office operations




                                                                                         2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                      179
Chapter 5: Environment and Social Responsibility



Specific description

      The Company operates in the financial industry, and the energy consumption and carbon emissions
in its business process are mainly from routine office work. In 2022, the Company continued to refine the
supporting measures for energy conservation and environmental protection in its workplaces: First, in terms
of air-conditioning facilities and equipment, ice storage systems have been installed to reduce electricity
consumption by storing ice during off-peak hours at night and melting ice to produce chilled air during
on-peak hours at daytime, thereby achieving notable results in energy saving. Second, lighting fixtures in
underground parking lots have been replaced with those that can automatically turn off at a certain interval
to reduce electricity consumption, thereby achieving the purpose of energy saving. Third, kitchen garbage
processors and related supporting facilities have been introduced, and disposable lunch boxes have been
replaced with biodegradable lunch boxes, thereby reducing the amount of food waste to be transported.


II.    Performance of Social Responsibilities

(I)    Whether a social responsibility report, sustainable development report or ESG report has been
       disclosed separately

   For details, please refer to the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published by the
Company for the same period of this report on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website.


(II)   Details of social responsibility work


 External donations and public welfare projects                                        Amount/Content

 Total investment (in RMB10,000)                                                                    103.2

 Of which: monies (in RMB10,000)                                                                    103.2

 Supplies (in RMB10,000)                                                                                 –

 Number of people benefited                                                                              –




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

180
                                         Chapter 5: Environment and Social Responsibility



Specific description

      In 2022, the Company donated RMB20 million to the Shenzhen China Merchants Securities Public
Welfare Foundation (深圳市招商證券公益基金會), and continued to use the Foundation as a public welfare
platform to actively carry out various public welfare and charity projects.
     1. The Foundation promoted the projects of Longjiang Securities Charity Fund – Dream Center (龍江
證券愛心基金夢想中心項目), Supporting the Hope of Women from Rural Areas (為鄉村姐妹撐起希望項目)
and Shenzhen Futian Education Development Fund (深圳福田教育發展基金項目), with a total donation of
RMB1.032 million.
   2. In response to the solicitation of the Futian District Finance Bureau, a total of 142 volunteers from the
Company’s headquarter participated in community services with 559 hours of total working time.


III. Details of Consolidation and Advancement of Poverty Alleviation, Rural
     Revitalization and Other Activities

 Poverty alleviation and rural revitalization projects                                    Amount/Content

 Total investment (in RMB10,000)                                                                     794.77

 Of which: monies (in RMB10,000)                                                                     775.68

 Supplies (in RMB10,000)                                                                               19.09

 Number of people benefited                                                                                 –

                                                                       Poverty alleviation through finance,
 Form of assistance (e.g. Poverty alleviation through industry,
                                                                       education, consumption and disaster
 employment, education, etc.)
                                                                       relief




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          181
Chapter 5: Environment and Social Responsibility



Specific description

(I)   In 2022, the Company assisted one company in a poverty-stricken county to go through M&A with a
      transaction amount of RMB400 million, and underwrote RMB3.128 billion of rural revitalization-themed
      bonds with a total issuance amount of RMB10.5 billion.


      1.   Assisted Lantian Gas to acquire 52% equity interest of Changge Lantian

            In June 2022, Henan Lantian Gas Co., Ltd. (河南藍天燃氣股份有限公司) (“Lantian Gas”, a company
      listed on the A share market) completed the acquisition of 52% equity interest of Changge Lantian New
      Energy Co., Ltd. (長葛藍天新能源有限公司) (“Changge Lantian”), and China Merchants Securities acted
      as the independent financial advisor for such transaction.
            Lantian Gas is principally engaged in pipeline natural gas business, which is a midstream business
      of natural gas and has the advantages of large-scale centralized procurement of natural gas. Changge
      Lantian is engaged in urban natural gas business, which is a downstream business of natural gas and
      has the advantages of franchising and customer resources. Lantian Gas is the main source of gas for
      Changge Lantian. Through such acquisition, Lantian Gas will continue to deepen its layout for the
      mid and downstream industrial chain of the natural gas industry, effectively exert the synergy of the
      industrial chain, secure high-quality gas sources in the midstream, further improve its urban natural gas
      distribution capabilities and comprehensive service capabilities in the downstream, expand its natural
      gas business to Changge City, and establish more than 100 million cubic meters of new urban gas sales
      each year. Such transaction is a market-oriented transaction. It is an important strategic measure for
      Lantian Gas to develop its urban gas business, and has immense significance for Lantian Gas to enhance
      its position in the natural gas market in the Henan region.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

182
                                             Chapter 5: Environment and Social Responsibility



        2.   Assisted in the issuance of rural revitalization bonds

              On May 11, 2022, China Merchants Bank successfully issued the 2022 green financial bonds (first
        tranche) in the National Interbank Bond Market through book-building, and China Merchants Securities
        acted as one of the joint lead underwriters for such issuance. Such tranche of bonds is the first green
        financial bonds issued by China Merchants Bank in China, and is also the first green financial bonds
        issued by a commercial bank in China with the theme of rural revitalization. Such tranche of bond
        issuance amounted to RMB5 billion, with a maturity of 3 years and a final issuance rate of 2.65%. It has
        set a benchmark for industry peers in the issuance of green financial bonds to support the development
        of rural green industries. The proceeds raised from such bond issuance will be used for green industry
        projects that strengthen financial services for rural revitalization within counties, especially clean energy
        projects such as wind power and photovoltaics.
             On August 9, 2022, the Company assisted Haoji Railway Co., Ltd. (浩吉鐵路股份有限公司) to issue
        the 2022 non-public issuance of green rural revitalization corporate bonds (first tranche) to professional
        investors (supporting old revolutionary base), with a total issuance amount of RMB2.5 billion.
              On September 14, 2022, the Company assisted Haoji Railway Co., Ltd. (浩吉鐵路股份有限公司)
        to issue the 2022 non-public issuance of green rural revitalization corporate bonds (second tranche) to
        professional investors (ensuring energy supply), with a total issuance amount of RMB2.5 billion.
             On October 28, 2022, the Company assisted Hubei Agricultural Valley Industrial Group Co., Ltd. (湖
        北農谷實業集團有限責任公司) to issue the 2022 medium-term notes (first tranche) (rural revitalization),
        with a total issuance amount of RMB500 million.


(II)    The Company purchased agricultural assistance products with a total value of RMB5.6532 million
        through the Shenzhen Haijixing Poverty Alleviation (Consumption) Center (深圳海吉星消費幫扶中心),
        the National Poverty Alleviation (Consumption) Guangdong Center (全國消費幫扶廣東館) and other
        agricultural assistance channels.


(III)   The Company’s Foundation carried out the Delipu Primary School Teaching Support Project (得力鋪小學
        支教項目) and the Daitou Rural Revitalization Industrial Park Project (岱頭鄉村振興產業園項目); donated
        RMB353.6 thousand to the Chongqing Star Support Foundation (重慶市星星幫扶基金會) and RMB1.75
        million to the Shenzhen Charity Association (深圳市慈善會); and donated a batch of materials to the
        People’s Government of Shitai County, Anhui Province, with a total value of RMB190.9 thousand.




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               183
Chapter 6: Major Events


I.          Performance of Undertakings

(I)         Undertakings of obligors, including the de facto controller, shareholders, related parties and
            acquirer of the Company and the Company during or subsisting at the time of the Reporting
            Period


                                                                                                                                                                              Follow-
                                                                                                                                          Whether the
                                                                                                                                                                            up actions,
                                                                                                                           Whether the    undertakings         Reason
                                                                                                                                                                             in case of
                                                                                                                           undertakings    have been           for not
                                                                                                    Effective time and                                                     undertakings
      Background           Type         Party(ies)                     Details                                                have a         strictly        performed
                                                                                                      validity period                                                            not
                                                                                                                           performance     performed         in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                            performed
                                                                                                                             deadline      in a timely         manner
                                                                                                                                                                            in a timely
                                                                                                                                             manner
                                                                                                                                                                              manner

                                                                                                    Upon the public
                                                     Jisheng Investment has undertaken that
                                                                                                    offering and listing
                                                     it will not engage in any business which
       Undertaking                                                                                  of the A Shares of
                         To resolve                  competes directly with the existing
      related to the                  Jisheng                                                       the Company, and
                         horizontal                  principal businesses of the Company and                               Yes            Yes            –                 –
       initial public                 Investment                                                    as long as Jisheng
                        competition                  its subsidiaries (whether wholly-owned
         offering                                                                                   Investment is a
                                                     or not) in accordance with laws and
                                                                                                    shareholder of the
                                                     administrative regulations.
                                                                                                    Company.

                                                     China Merchants Group has undertaken
                                                     that it and the legal entities beneficially
                                                     controlled by it will not establish new
                                                     securities companies or control other
                                                                                                    Upon the public
                                                     securities companies through acquisition
                                                                                                    offering and listing
                                                     in the PRC. For businesses of the same
                                                                                                    of the A Shares of
       Undertaking                                   or similar nature to securities companies
                         To resolve   China                                                         the Company, and
      related to the                                 engaged by the non-securities companies
                         horizontal   Merchants                                                     as long as China       Yes            Yes            –                 –
       initial public                                controlled by China Merchants Group, the
                        competition   Group                                                         Merchants Group
         offering                                    Company will make sufficient disclosure
                                                                                                    is the de facto
                                                     in accordance with laws upon the public
                                                                                                    controller of the
                                                     offering and listing of the shares of the
                                                                                                    Company.
                                                     Company. China Merchants Group shall
                                                     not harm the interests of the Company
                                                     and other shareholders by virtue of its role
                                                     of de facto controller of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

184
                                                                                                                         Chapter 6: Major Events




                                                                                                                                                                    Follow-
                                                                                                                                Whether the
                                                                                                                                                                  up actions,
                                                                                                                 Whether the    undertakings         Reason
                                                                                                                                                                   in case of
                                                                                                                 undertakings    have been           for not
                                                                                            Effective time and                                                   undertakings
Background        Type         Party(ies)                      Details                                              have a         strictly        performed
                                                                                              validity period                                                          not
                                                                                                                 performance     performed         in a timely
                                                                                                                                                                  performed
                                                                                                                   deadline      in a timely         manner
                                                                                                                                                                  in a timely
                                                                                                                                   manner
                                                                                                                                                                    manner

                                                                                            As long as CM
                             CM Finance       CM Finance Investment (currently known        Finance Investment
                             Investment       as CM Financial Holdings) has undertaken      (currently known
Undertaking     To resolve
                             (currently       that it and other entities controlled by      as CM Financial
 related to     horizontal                                                                                       Yes            Yes            –                 –
                             known as         it will not engage in any business which      Holdings) is
refinancing    competition
                             CM Financial     competes with the businesses of the           the controlling
                             Holdings)        Company.                                      shareholder of the
                                                                                            Company.

                                              They have undertaken not to interfere in
                                              the operation and management activities
                                              of the Company beyond the authority;
                                              not to encroach upon the interests of
                                              the Company; not to deliver interests
                                              to other units or individuals free of
                                              charge or under unfair conditions, nor
                                                                                            As long as China
                                              damage the interests of the Company by
                                                                                            Merchants Group
                                              other means; if the CSRC makes other
                                                                                            is the de facto
                             China            new regulatory provisions on remedial
                                                                                            controller of the
Undertaking                  Merchants        measures and their undertakings before
                                                                                            Company; as long
 related to      Others      Group, CM        the completion of the rights issue, and the                        Yes            Yes            –                 –
                                                                                            as CM Finance
refinancing                  Financial        aforesaid undertakings fail to meet such
                                                                                            Investment is
                             Holdings         provisions of the CSRC, the additional
                                                                                            the controlling
                                              undertakings will be given in accordance
                                                                                            shareholder of the
                                              with the latest provisions of the CSRC; in
                                                                                            Company.
                                              case of any loss caused to the Company
                                              or other shareholders due to violation of
                                              the aforesaid undertakings or refusal to
                                              perform the aforesaid undertakings, they
                                              shall be liable for compensation to the
                                              Company or other shareholders according
                                              to the laws.

                                              When there is unusual price movement
                                                                                            When there is
    Other                    China            in the shares of the Company, they
                                                                                            unusual price
undertakings                 Merchants        will not reduce their shareholdings in
                 Others                                                                     movement in          Yes            Yes            –                 –
 to minority                 Group, China     the Company and will increase their
                                                                                            the shares of the
shareholders                 Ocean Shipping   shareholdings in accordance with laws
                                                                                            Company.
                                              when appropriate.



                                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                       185
Chapter 6: Major Events



II.   Appointment and Removal of Accounting Firms

                                                                                              Currency: RMB

                                                                   Currently appointed

       Name of domestic accounting firm                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                                                                   Accountants LLP

       Remuneration of domestic accounting firm                    2,384 thousand

       Term of appointment of domestic accounting firm             5 years

       Name of the certified public accountants of domestic        HONG Ruiming (洪銳明),
       accounting firm                                             ZHOU Hanlin (周瀚林)
       Consecutive years of audit services provided by the certified HONG Ruiming (five years),
       public accountants of domestic accounting firm                ZHOU Hanlin (two years)

       Name of international accounting firm                       Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                   (Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor)

       Remuneration of international accounting firm               1,380 thousand

       Term of appointment of international accounting firm        5 years

                                               Name                                        Remuneration

       Accounting firm for internal control    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
       and auditing                            Accountants LLP                           350 thousand



      Description of appointment and removal of accounting firms

      The Company has continued to engage Deloitte (including Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu) as the auditors for the Company’s financial reports and
internal control for the year 2022. Deloitte has been providing annual audit services for the Company for five
consecutive years since 2018.
      In 2022, Deloitte provided the Company with non-audit services, i.e. intelligent stock consultancy,
services related to public opinion management, and super deduction of research and development expenses.
The expenses of such services amounted to RMB294 thousand, RMB140 thousand and RMB90 thousand,
respectively, totaling RMB524 thousand.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

186
                                                                            Chapter 6: Major Events



III. Material Litigations or Arbitrations

       Certain investors of China Security Co., Ltd. (中安科股份有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as “China
Security”) commenced litigations against China Security and its directors, China Security & Fire Technology
Co., Limited (中安消技術有限公司) (its subsidiary, hereafter referred to as “China Security & Fire Technology”)
and intermediaries such as the Company, respectively, in the Shanghai Financial Court for civil compensation
regarding relevant investment losses caused by false statements in the securities market, claiming China
Security to compensate for their losses and bear the litigation expenses and requesting China Security & Fire
Technology, directors and relevant personnel of China Security and relevant intermediaries to be jointly liable
for the losses. On May 18, 2021, the Higher People’s Court of Shanghai made second trial judgments on the
model cases involving two investors, ordering the Company to bear joint liability within the scope of 25%
for the total losses of RMB228 thousand payable by China Security to the two investors. Moreover, as China
Security changed its registered address to Wuhan in December 2021, the competent court for such series of
subsequent cases has been changed to the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court. As of March 22, 2023, in
addition to the two investors in the above cases, the Company received litigation materials and notices of a
total of 6,368 investors from the Shanghai Financial Court. Among which, the Shanghai Financial Court made
first trial judgments on the cases involving 6,335 investors (including the two investors in the above cases),
ordering the Company to bear joint liability within the scope of 25% for the losses of RMB886.8064 million
payable by China Security to the investors. The Company received litigation materials and notices of a total
of 1,659 investors from the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court. Among which, the Wuhan Intermediate
People’s Court made first trial judgments on the cases involving 1,341 investors, ordering the Company to
bear joint liability within the scope of 25% for the losses of RMB192.9789 million payable by China Security
to the investors.
     Save as disclosed above, there were no other material litigations or arbitrations during the Reporting
Period.


IV. Punishment and Remedial Measures on the Listed Company, its Directors,
    Supervisors, Senior Management, Controlling Shareholder and De Facto
    Controller Due to Suspected Violations of Laws and Regulations

      On April 1, 2022, the Company received the Decision of the CSRC Shenzhen Office on Taking Corrective
Measures against China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. ([2022] No. 47) (《深圳證監局關於對招商證券股份有限
公司採取責令改正措施的決定》                （[2022]47號）), which pointed out that in the cybersecurity incident on March
14, 2022, the Company had issues such as imperfect management of program changes, and untimely and
inadequate emergency response. On June 28, 2022, the Company received the Decision on Taking Measures
to Issue Warning Letters to China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. ([2022] No. 37) (《關於對招商證券股份有限公
司採取出具警示函措施的決定》                （[2022]37號）) issued by the CSRC, which pointed out that in the cybersecurity
incident on May 16, 2022, the Company had issues such as insufficient demonstration and testing of
system design and upgrade changes, and incomplete upgrade and rollback plans, reflecting the existence of
loopholes in the Company’s internal management and the imperfect assignment mechanism of rights and
responsibilities.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          187
Chapter 6: Major Events



      The Company has attached great importance to the above two cybersecurity incidents, and in
accordance with the Administrative Measures for Information Security Protection of Securities and Futures
Industry (《 證券期貨業信息安全保障管理辦法》), Administrative Measures for Information Technology of
Securities and Fund Operating Institutions (《證券基金經營機構信息技術管理辦法》), Measures for Reporting,
Investigating and Handling Cybersecurity Incidents of Securities and Futures Industry (《證券期貨業網絡安全
事件報告與調查處理辦法》), Guidelines on the Internal Control of Securities Companies (《證券公司內部控
制指引》) and other relevant regulations, strictly implemented the Company’s accountability system, taken
targeted measures to rectify the exposed problems, strengthened the overall planning of the construction of
key information system, fully grasped the system structure and internal operating mechanism, strengthened
research and development, testing, launch, upgrade, operation and maintenance management, improved the
emergency response mechanism, ensured the professional ability and quantity allocation of key personnel,
and strengthened the quality management of software delivered by suppliers, so as to continuously enhance
the secured and stable operation of the information system. The Company has completed the relevant
rectification work before June 30, 2022, and will continue to improve the long-term mechanism for the
security construction of the information system to ensure the secured and stable operation of the information
system.
      On August 9, 2022, the Company received the Decision of the CSRC Shenzhen Office on Taking
Measures to Issue Warning Letters to China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (Decision on Administrative
Supervision Measures [2022] No. 123) (《 深圳證監局關於對招商證券股份有限公司採取出具警示函措施的
決定》行政監管措施決定書[2022]123號), which stated that the Company had the following issues in the
process of engaging in the investment banking business: (i) for certain projects in the sponsorship business,
there was insufficient due diligence on the audit of revenue recognition, core technology and research and
development expenses of the issuer; (ii) for certain projects in the bond underwriting business, there was
insufficient due diligence on the debts, external guarantees, solvency, connected transactions, material
arbitrations, litigations and other material matters and contingencies of the issuer; (iii) for certain projects in
the asset securitization business, there was insufficient due diligence on the credit level of the original interest
holders and custodians; the due diligence report did not include the due diligence on major debtors; there
was insufficient supervision and inspection on the cash flow of underlying assets in the process of duration
management, and no significant event involving the cash flow of underlying assets was found, nor any
provisional announcement was issued.
     The Company has taken rectification measures to further improve the business structure of the
sponsorship, bond underwriting and asset securitization businesses, refine due diligence requirements and
optimize duration management requirements, continue to carry out refined management on the quality of
business practice of investment banking, and strengthen the evaluation, management and assessment of
various business practices as well as the training and guidance for practitioners.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

188
                                                                          Chapter 6: Major Events



      On August 12, September 5 and September 19, 2022, the Company received the Notice of Case Filing
(《 立案告知書》), Advance Notice of Administrative Punishment (《 行政處罰事先告知書》) and Decision of
 Administrative Punishment (《行政處罰決定書》), respectively, from the CSRC. As per the investigation by
 the CSRC, the Company failed to perform due diligence during its engagement as an independent financial
 advisor for the material asset restructuring of Shanghai Feilo Co., Ltd. (上海飛樂股份有限公司) (currently
 known as China Security Co., Ltd.) (中安科股份有限公司) in 2014, and was therefore in breach of the laws
 and regulations. The CSRC ordered the Company to rectify the illegal acts, confiscated business income of
 RMB31.5 million, and imposed a fine of RMB31.5 million. The CSRC gave warnings to the project leaders, i.e.
 CHEN Xuanbi (陳軒壁) and YU Xinping (俞新平), and imposed a fine of RMB50 thousand to each of them.
 For details, please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the Hong Kong Stock
 Exchange website on August 12, September 5 and September 19, 2022.
      In recent years, the Company has continuously improved the internal control mechanism of its
investment banking business, gradually enhanced the practice quality of its investment banking business,
and earnestly performed its duties of due diligence. The Company has adopted various rectification
measures for the relevant matters involved in the Decision of Administrative Punishment, including the
strengthening of practice ability and compliance awareness of the “first line of defense”, the optimization
of the practice quality assessment mechanism, the improvement of the internal control organizational
structure, the enhancement of headquarters management and control, the revision of the practice system,
the standardization of the practice process, and the strengthening of technological empowerment, so as to
implement the rectification requirements. The rectification measures have been completed, and the Company
will continue to deepen the results of rectification and improve the practice quality of investment banking.
     On November 11, 2022, the CSRC issued the Decision on Taking Measures to Issue Warning Letters to
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《 關於對招商證券股份有限公司採取出具警示函措施的決定》), which
stated that, due to the imperfect internal control of the Company’s investment banking business, for the IPO
project of Zhuhai CosMX Battery Co., Ltd. (珠海冠宇電池) and the financial advisory project of Dalian Port
(PDA) Company Limited (大連港), there were circumstances where internal audit procedures had not been
re-performed after making substantial modifications to the documents submitted, and there was insufficient
quality control and tracking of internal audit opinions. As such, the CSRC took administrative regulatory
measures to issue warning letters to the Company.
      The Company has taken measures such as system optimization, special inspection, training and guidance
to further strengthen the management and control of the consistency between the final submitted documents
and their provisional versions of the investment banking business. Meanwhile, it has strengthened process
tracking, refined the tracking mechanism of internal control opinions, and further enhanced the process
management and control of the internal control department. In the future, the Company will continue to
strengthen the internal control management measures of the investment banking business, refine the practice
management of the investment banking business, and improve the quality of investment banking projects.
     On November 17, 2022, the Company received the Decision on Taking Corrective Measures against the
Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (《關於對招商證券股份有限公
司上海自貿試驗區分公司採取責令改正措施的決定》) issued by the CSRC Shanghai Office, which stated that
the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone branch did not have any personnel responsible for compliance and failed
to submit financial and business statements to the regulatory authority. As such, the CSRC Shanghai Office
took corrective measures against the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone branch.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                       189
Chapter 6: Major Events



      The Company has attached great importance to and strictly implemented the requirements of the
Compliance Management Measures for Securities Companies and Securities Investment Fund Management
Companies (《 證 券 公 司 和 證 券 投 資 基 金 管 理 公 司 合 規 管 理 辦 法 》), Statistics Management Measures for
Securities and Futures Markets (《證券期貨市場統計管理辦法》) and other relevant regulations. The Company
has formulated detailed rectification plans for the issues existing in the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone branch,
and actively carried out rectifications, including: adjusting the management department and business type
of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone branch, selecting outstanding cadres to serve as branch managers,
selecting senior employees to serve as full-time compliance officers, selecting key personnel with abundant
experience to gradually enrich the business team, designating personnel to be responsible for the submission
of CISP regulatory reports and complete the supplementary submission of CISP regulatory reports, and
improving the construction of business premises while also facilitating the selection of new sites. In the
future, the Company will continue to strictly comply with the relevant regulatory requirements of its branches,
implement relevant business and management, and ensure that its branches operate in accordance with laws
and regulations.


V. Integrity of the Company and Its Controlling Shareholder and De Facto
   Controller during the Reporting Period

     During the Reporting Period, the Company and its controlling shareholder and de facto controller were
not subject to any outstanding court order or large amount of overdue liabilities.


VI. Material Connected Transactions

      Continuing connected transactions

      We entered into the Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and Services Framework Agreement
with China Merchants Group on May 27, 2022, and the Administrative Procurement Framework Agreement
(the “2022 Administrative Procurement Framework Agreement”) and the Property Leasing Framework
Agreement (the “2022 Property Leasing Framework Agreement”, together with other framework
agreements, the “Framework Agreements”) with China Merchants Group on March 27, 2022. Of which,
the term of the Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and Services Framework Agreement shall
commence from November 29, 2022 until December 31, 2024; the term of the 2022 Administrative
Procurement Framework Agreement shall commence from March 27, 2022 until December 31, 2024; and
the term of the 2022 Property Leasing Framework Agreement shall commence from March 27, 2022 until
December 31, 2026. Pursuant to the Framework Agreements, the Company and China Merchants Group
and/or its associates agreed that (i) they shall provide securities and financial products and transactions to
each another, and the Group shall provide financial services to China Merchants Group and/or its associates,
in their respective ordinary course of business based on normal commercial terms and market practices
at prevailing market prices or rates; (ii) the Group shall procure various administrative office supplies and
administrative comprehensive services related to its daily business activities from China Merchants Group and/
or its associates in its ordinary course of business; and (iii) China Merchants Group and/or its associates shall
lease properties to the Group in its ordinary course of business. For details, please refer to the announcements
of the Company dated March 27, 2022 and May 27, 2022, respectively, circular of the Company dated
November 9, 2022 and announcement of poll results of the Company dated November 29, 2022.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

190
                                                                             Chapter 6: Major Events



     We entered into the Securities and Financial Products, Transactions and Services Framework Agreement
(the “COSCO Shipping Framework Agreement”) with China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited (“COSCO
Shipping”) on May 27, 2022 for a term commencing from November 29, 2022 until December 31, 2024.
Pursuant to the COSCO Shipping Framework Agreement, the Company and COSCO Shipping and/or its
associates agreed that they shall provide securities and financial products and transactions to each another,
and the Group shall provide financial services to COSCO Shipping and/or its associates, in their respective
ordinary course of business based on normal commercial terms and market practices at prevailing market
prices or rates.
     China Merchants Group is the controlling shareholder of the Company. Under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules, China Merchants Group and its associates are connected persons of the Company.
      COSCO Shipping became a substantial shareholder of the Company in July 2020. Under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules, COSCO Shipping and its associates are connected persons of the Company.


(I)   Continuing connected transactions between the Company and China Merchants Group and/or
      its associates

A.    Securities and financial products and transactions

      Reasons for the transactions

     We conduct securities and financial transactions with China Merchants Group and/or its associates in our
ordinary course of business from time to time. Such transactions can generate cost synergies by integrating
the advantageous resources of the Group and China Merchants Group and/or its associates, thereby
enhancing the Group’s profitability and strengthening the Group’s leading position in the securities industry.
The estimated annual caps of the total inflow and total outflow of the securities and financial products and
transactions contemplated under the Framework Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2024
are as follows:

                                                                              RMB million

       Securities and financial products and
       transactions                                                   2022             2023            2024

       Inflow                                                        2,900            7,500            7,500

       Outflow                                                       2,500           11,660          11,670




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         191
Chapter 6: Major Events



      (1)   “Inflow” represents our total cash inflow from the sale/trading of fixed-income products, equity
            products and derivative products to/with and/or borrowing/repurchase from financing transactions
            with China Merchants Group and/or its associates.
      (2)   “Outflow” represents our total cash outflow from the purchase/trading of fixed-income
            products, equity products and derivative products from/with and/or lending/resale from financing
            transactions with China Merchants Group and/or its associates.


      Historical figures

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group had securities and financial products transactions
with China Merchants Group and/or its associates, with a total cash inflow of RMB2,751.14 million and a total
cash outflow of RMB1,562.23 million. Such amounts were below the caps for 2022.


B.    Financial services

      Reasons for the transactions

      In our ordinary course of business, we provide various financial services to our clients, which include
China Merchants Group and its associates. Such transactions can generate cost synergies by integrating the
advantageous resources of the Group and China Merchants Group and/or its associates, thereby enhancing
the Group’s profitability and strengthening the Group’s leading position in the securities industry. Due to their
business needs and our expertise and professional capabilities, we had been engaged by China Merchants
Group and/or its associates to provide financial services including (but not limited to) (i) underwriting and
sponsorship services; (ii) other investment banking services; and (iii) other financial services from time to time.
The estimated annual caps of the financial services (insofar as an annual cap is required to be set for that
service) to be provided under the Framework Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2024 are
as follows:

                                                                                 RMB million

       Financial services                                                2022             2023              2024

       Income generated by us                                               70               92                95



      Historical figures

    As at December 31, 2022, the Group provided securities and financial services to China Merchants
Group and/or its associates and generated income of RMB63.71 million, which was below the annual cap of
2022.
     Details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in “Note 60 to the consolidated
financial statements” in this report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

192
                                                                             Chapter 6: Major Events



C.   Administrative procurement

     Reasons for the transactions

      We conduct administrative procurement with China Merchants Group, our controlling shareholder, and
its associates from time to time in our ordinary course of business. Such transactions can generate synergies
by integrating the strengths of the Group and China Merchants Group and/or its associates, thereby reducing
the Group’s overall operating costs and overheads to further enhance its profitability and the Group’s leading
position in the securities industry. The estimated annual caps of the administrative procurement contemplated
under the Framework Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2024 are as follows:

                                                                              RMB million

      Transaction                                                     2022             2023            2024

      Administrative procurement                                        83               86               90



     Historical figures

    For the year ended December 31, 2022, the administrative procurement between the Group and China
Merchants Group and its associates from time to time amounted to RMB78.72 million, which was below the
annual cap of 2022.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         193
Chapter 6: Major Events



D.     Property leasing

       Reasons for the transactions

      We conduct property leasing with China Merchants Group, our controlling shareholder, and its
associates from time to time in our ordinary course of business. Such transactions can generate synergies by
integrating the strengths of the Group and China Merchants Group and/or its associates, thereby reducing
the Group’s overall operating costs and overheads to further enhance its profitability and the Group’s leading
position in the securities industry. The estimated annual caps of the property leasing contemplated under the
Framework Agreement for the five years ending December 31, 2026 are as follows:

                                                                             RMB million
        Transaction                                           2022       2023      2024       2025      2026
        Property leasing (the rental expenses and related
        comprehensive property management fees to be
        paid by the Group to China Merchants Group
                                                             116.28    116.38    116.44      116.63   124.54
        and/or its associates/the total value of right-of-
        use assets of properties to be leased from China
        Merchants Group and/or its associates)



       Historical figures

      For the year ended December 31, 2022, the rental expenses and related comprehensive property
management fees paid by the Group to China Merchants Group and/or its associates/the total value of right-
of-use assets of properties leased from China Merchants Group and/or its associates in relation to the property
leasing between the Group and China Merchants Group and its associates from time to time amounted to
RMB110.28 million, which was below the annual cap of 2022.


(II)   Continuing connected transactions between the Company and COSCO Shipping and/or its associates

A.     Securities and financial products and transactions

       Reasons for the transactions

      We conduct securities and financial transactions with COSCO Shipping and/or its associates in our
ordinary course of business from time to time. Such transactions can give full play to the resource advantages
of the Group and COSCO Shipping and enhance the market competitiveness of the cooperative business
between the two parties. The transactions under the agreement can facilitate the provision of comprehensive
and high-quality services for both parties and their clients. The estimated annual caps of the total inflow and
total outflow of the securities and financial products and transactions contemplated under the Framework
Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2024 are as follows:

                                                                             RMB million
        Securities and financial products and
        transactions                                                  2022            2023              2024
        Inflow                                                         600           1,600             1,600
        Outflow                                                        800           3,650             3,660

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

194
                                                                               Chapter 6: Major Events



     (1)   “Inflow” represents our total cash inflow from the sale/trading of fixed-income products, equity
           products and derivative products to/with and/or borrowing/repurchase from financing transactions with
           COSCO Shipping and/or its associates.
     (2)   “Outflow” represents our total cash outflow from the purchase/trading of fixed-income products, equity
           products and derivative products from/with and/or lending/resale from financing transactions with
           COSCO Shipping and/or its associates.


     Historical figures

     As at December 31, 2022, the Group had securities and financial products transactions with COSCO
Shipping and/or its associates, with a total cash inflow of RMB84.56 million and a total cash outflow of
RMB94.00 million. Such amounts were below caps for 2022.


B.   Financial services

     Reasons for the transactions

      In our ordinary course of business, we provide various financial services to our clients, which include
COSCO Shipping and/or its associates. Such transactions can give full play to the resource advantages of the
Group and COSCO Shipping and enhance the market competitiveness of the cooperative business between
the two parties. The transactions under the agreement can facilitate the provision of comprehensive and
high-quality services for both parties and their clients. Due to their business needs and our expertise and
professional capabilities, we had been engaged by COSCO Shipping and/or its associates to provide financial
services including (but not limited to) (i) underwriting and sponsorship services; (ii) other investment banking
services; and (iii) other financial services from time to time. The estimated annual caps of the financial services
(insofar as an annual cap is required to be set for that service) to be provided under the Framework Agreement
for the three years ending December 31, 2024 are as follows:

                                                                               RMB million

      Financial services                                              2022               2023               2024

      Income generated by us                                              7               71.2               71.5




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              195
Chapter 6: Major Events



      Historical figures

      As at December 31, 2022, the Group provided securities and financial services to COSCO Shipping and/
or its associates and generated income of RMB3.09 million, which was below the annual cap of 2022.
    The Company has confirmed that, during the Reporting Period, when engaging in the continuing
connected transactions set out above, the Group has followed the pricing principles for such continuing
connected transactions.


      Confirmation of independent non-executive Directors

    The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing
connected transactions and confirmed that:
      (1)   the above continuing connected transactions are entered into during the ordinary course of the
            business of the Company;
      (2)   the above continuing connected transactions are entered into on normal commercial terms or more
            favorable terms; and
      (3)   the above continuing connected transactions are executed by agreements, the terms of which are
            fair and reasonable and are in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


      Confirmation of independent auditor

     The independent auditor of the Company has reviewed the above continuing connected transactions
and confirmed that:
      (1)   they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the continuing connected
            transactions disclosed have not been approved by the Board;
      (2)   in respect of the continuing connected transactions involving the provision of services by the
            Company, they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the transactions
            are not executed in accordance with the pricing policy of the Company in any material aspects;
      (3)   they are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the transactions are not
            entered into in accordance with the relevant governing agreements in any material aspects; and
      (4)   in respect of the aggregate transaction amount of each continuing connected transaction, they
            are not aware of any matters that would make them believe that the continuing connected
            transactions disclosed have exceeded the annual caps determined by the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

196
                                                                             Chapter 6: Major Events



     Connected transactions

      On April 18, 2022, China Merchants Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (招商證券投資有限公司) (“CMS
Investment”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a cooperation agreement with
Shenzhen China Merchants GuoXie No. 2 Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市招商國協
貳號股權投資基金管理有限公司) (“CMGX”), China Merchants Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局資本控股有
限責任公司) (“CM Capital Holding”) and Nantong Zhaohua Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南
通招華投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Nantong Zhaohua”) to establish a partnership with the aim of investing
principally in industry sectors including but not limited to technology, internet, consumer, healthcare services
and education. The total capital contribution of the partnership shall be RMB1,601.101 million, of which
RMB1,500 million shall be contributed by CMS Investment; RMB100 million shall be contributed by CM
Capital Holding; RMB1.001 million shall be contributed by Nantong Zhaohua; and RMB0.1 million shall be
contributed by CMGX. Such transaction represents a good investment opportunity for the Group to diversify
the Group’s investment portfolio and generate stable income for the Group. Investment in the industries in
line with the new economic growth model of China will enable the Group to increase its asset allocation and
investment return in strategic emerging industries.
     As at April 18, 2022, both CMGX and CM Capital Holding are wholly-owned subsidiaries of China
Merchants Capital Investment Co., Ltd. (招商局資本投資有限責任公司) which is in turn ultimately owned as
to 50% by China Merchants Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, and thus are associates of
China Merchants Group. Therefore, CMGX and CM Capital Holding are connected persons of the Company
under the Listing Rules.
   For details of the above connected transaction, please refer to the announcement published by the
Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on April 18, 2022.
     In addition, on August 8, 2022, CMS Investment terminated its cooperation with Zhuhai Yiyun Real
Estate Co., Ltd. (珠海依雲房地產有限公司) in relation to the proposed acquisition of Changsha Renhui Real
Estate Development Co., Ltd. (長沙仁惠房地產有限公司). For details, please refer to the announcements
published by the Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on December 23, 2020, September 24,
2021 and August 8, 2022.
    For details of other connected transactions subject to the listing rules for A Shares, please refer to the
Announcement on the Contemplated Ordinary Connected Transactions of the Company for 2023 (《關於公司
2023年度預計日常關聯交易的公告》) published by the Company on the SSE website, China Securities Journal,
Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily.
     Save as disclosed above, there is no connected transaction or continuing connected transaction set out
in “Note 60 to the consolidated financial statements” of this report that falls into the connected transactions
or continuing connected transactions that are required to be disclosed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
connected transactions and continuing connected transactions of the Company complied with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          197
Chapter 6: Major Events



VII. Material Contracts and their Performance

(I)     Guarantees

                                                                                                                         Unit: 100 Million Yuan       Currency: RMB

                                                           Guarantees provided by the Company (excluding guarantees for subsidiaries)

          Relationship
           between                                                                                                                            Whether
                                              Date of                                          Whether the              Outstanding
               the                                      Effective Expiry                                   Whether the                          it is a
                       Guaranteed Amount of guarantee                       Type of Collateral guarantee                 amount of Counter
Guarantor guarantor                                      date of  date of                                  guarantee is                      guarantee Relationship
                         party guarantee (date of                          guarantee (if any) has been                   guarantee guarantee
            and the                                    guarantee guarantee                                   overdue                         for related
                                            agreement)                                          fulfilled                 overdue
             listed                                                                                                                            parties
           company

        –             –            –            –            –              –          –           –            –           –           –   –     –        –       –

 Total guarantees provided during the Reporting Period (excluding guarantees
 for subsidiaries)                                                                                                                                                 –

 Balance of guarantees as at the end of the Reporting Period (A) (excluding
 guarantees for subsidiaries)                                                                                                                                      –

                                                                 Guarantees for subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries

 Total guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                                                 -2.40

 Balance of guarantees for subsidiaries as at the end of
 the Reporting Period (B)                                                                                                                                      73.57




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

198
                                                                                                                                               Chapter 6: Major Events




                                                            Guarantees provided by the Company (excluding guarantees for subsidiaries)

          Relationship
           between                                                                                                                            Whether
                                              Date of                                          Whether the              Outstanding
               the                                      Effective Expiry                                   Whether the                          it is a
                       Guaranteed Amount of guarantee                       Type of Collateral guarantee                 amount of Counter
Guarantor guarantor                                      date of  date of                                  guarantee is                      guarantee Relationship
                         party guarantee (date of                          guarantee (if any) has been                   guarantee guarantee
            and the                                    guarantee guarantee                                   overdue                         for related
                                            agreement)                                          fulfilled                 overdue
             listed                                                                                                                            parties
           company

                                                                    Total guarantees (including guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total guarantees (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                                    73.57

Ratio of total guarantees to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                                                                                                  6.39

Among which:

Guarantees for shareholders, de facto controller and their related parties (C)                                                                                                                                  –

Debt guarantee provided directly or indirectly for companies with gearing
ratio over 70% (D)                                                                                                                                                                                        53.57

Amount of guarantees in excess of 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                                                                                                     –

Total amount of the above three types of guarantees (C+D+E)                                                                                                                                               53.57

Outstanding guarantees subject to joint and several liabilities                                                                                                                                                 –

                                                                                 1. On January 20, 2014, the provision of net assets guarantee of up to RMB500 million for CMS Asset Management was
                                                                                 approved at the 2014 first extraordinary meeting of the fourth session of the Board. On September 27, 2016, the increase
                                                                                 of net assets guarantee in favor of CMS Asset Management by no more than RMB3 billion in stages and authorization for
                                                                                 the management of the Company to perform in stages, or terminate, such net assets guarantee within the above limit based
                                                                                 on the actual operating condition of CMS Asset Management were approved at the 42th meeting of the fifth session of
                                                                                 the Board. The balance of net assets guarantee provided by the Company for CMS Asset Management as at the end of the
                                                                                 Reporting Period amounted to RMB2 billion;

                                                                                 2. On May 19, 2020, at the 2019 annual general meeting of the Company, it was considered and approved that the Company
Details of guarantees                                                            or its wholly-owned subsidiaries shall provide guarantees in favor of its overseas wholly-owned subsidiaries for the issuance of
                                                                                 overseas debt financing instruments. The amount of a single guarantee shall not exceed 10% of the Company’s latest audited
                                                                                 net assets and the total amount of guarantees shall not exceed 30% of the Company’s latest audited net assets (valid until
                                                                                 June 30, 2023). On June 30, 2022, at the 2021 annual general meeting of the Company, it was considered and approved that
                                                                                 the total amount of guarantees provided by CMS International and its wholly-owned subsidiaries in favor of the guaranteed
                                                                                 parties within the term of authorization shall not exceed HK$84 billion equivalent, of which, financing guarantees shall not
                                                                                 exceed HK$12.9 billion equivalent. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the agreed amount of guarantees provided by CMS
                                                                                 International and its wholly-owned subsidiaries was approximately RMB31.411 billion in total (with financing guarantees of
                                                                                 approximately RMB7.054 billion). At the end of the year, the balance of guarantees utilized and traded was approximately
                                                                                 RMB5.357 billion in total.




                                                                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                         199
Chapter 6: Major Events



VIII Other Disclosures

(I)    Sufficiency of public float of H Shares

     As at the Latest Practicable Date prior to the printing of this report, based on the information publicly
available and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Directors believe that the public float of the
Company complied with Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and satisfied the minimum public float
requirement prescribed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


(II)   Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in business competing with the Company

     As at the Latest Practicable Date prior to the printing of this report, none of the Directors or Supervisors
had any interests in another business which has or may have direct or indirect conflict of interests with the
business of the Company.


(III) Directors’ and Supervisors’ service contracts

      None of the Directors or Supervisors had a service contract with the Company or its subsidiaries which
is not terminable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


(IV) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors or any entity connected with any Director
or Supervisor of the Company had any material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.


(V) Permitted indemnity provision

      A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage for potential
legal actions and liabilities against the Directors, Supervisors and senior management.


(VI) Pre-emptive share option arrangement

     Pursuant to PRC laws and the Articles of Association, shareholders of the Company are not entitled to
any pre-emptive share option.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

200
                                                                             Chapter 6: Major Events



(VII) The Board’s responsibility statement on risk management, internal control and compliance
      management

     The Board shall assume ultimate responsibility of the risk management, internal control and compliance
management of the Group, and shall be responsible for assessing the effectiveness of such systems. Given
that the objectives of such risk management and internal control systems are to manage, rather than
eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve the business objectives, the Board may only provide reasonable instead
of absolute assurance that such systems and internal control can prevent any material misstatement or loss.


(VIII) Remuneration to Directors and Supervisors

    Details of remuneration to the Directors and Supervisors are set out in “Change in shareholdings and
remunerations of existing and resigned/retired Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
Reporting Period” under “Chapter 4: Corporate Governance Report” of this report.


(IX) Purchase, sale or redemption of securities of the Company

     During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or
redeemed any securities of the Company.


(X) Major events after the Reporting Period

    Save for those disclosed in “Chapter 6: Major Events” and “Events after the balance sheet date” in
“Chapter 9: Financial Report” of this report, there were no other major events after the Reporting Period.


(XI) Qualification of accounts

     According to the statistics from the internal data center of the Company, as at December 31, 2022, the
Company had 5,954 unqualified capital accounts, 6,077 unqualified securities accounts, 1,074,156 dormant
capital accounts and 1,683,068 dormant securities accounts.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           201
Chapter 6: Major Events



(XII) Tax reduction

1.    A Shareholders

       Pursuant to the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends
 and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有
 關問題的通知》(財稅[2015]101號)) and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of Differentiated
 Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) (《關於
 實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》((財稅[2012]85號)) issued by the Ministry of
 Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus received by corporate
 investors on shares with holding period less than one month (inclusive) from the date when the corporate
 investors acquired the listed shares from public issuance or secondary market to the date which is one day
 before the settlement of the shares, a tax levy at the tax rate of 20% is imposed. For holding period between
 one month to one year (inclusive), 50% reduction will be applied to the tax rate imposed on the amount
 of taxable income, with effective tax rate of 10%. For holding period of more than one year, no income
 tax will be imposed on the dividend and bonus. For the dividend and bonus distributed by listed companies
 to individual investors, no individual income tax will be charged for holding period of less than one year
 (inclusive). Pending to the transfer of shares, Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation shall calculate
 the tax payable based on the holding period and the Company shall withhold the tax through Securities
 Depository and Clearing Corporation. Dividend and bonus received from listed companies by securities
 investment companies shall pay individual income tax pursuant to the requirements of Cai Shui [2012] No.
 85. For resident enterprise shareholders, income tax on their cash bonuses shall be paid by themselves.
 For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), pursuant to provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding
 Withholding and Payment of Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends,
 Bonuses and Interests to the QFII issued by the State Administration of Taxation (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47)
(《 國家稅務總局關於中國居民企業向QFII支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知》(國稅函
 2009[47]號)), corporate income taxes are withheld and paid by the listed company at the tax rate of 10%. If
 the QFII shareholder intends to claim the preferential treatment as stipulated in tax treaties (arrangements)
 after obtaining dividend and bonus incomes, application for tax refund can be submitted to the competent
 tax authority after obtaining such dividends and bonuses in accordance with the regulations. Pursuant to the
 Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs issued by the Ministry of
 Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《財政部國家稅務總
 局證監會關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014]81號)), for dividend and
 bonus incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) in the Hong Kong market from
 investing in A Shares listed on the SSE, the implementation of differentiated taxation is suspended before
 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Co., Ltd. meets the conditions of providing identification, term of shareholding
 and other specific data of investors to the CSDC; the income taxes thereof are withheld and paid by the
 listed company at the rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the competent taxation authority. For
 Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered into a tax treaty with the
 PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the investing enterprises or
 individuals may by themselves or entrust a withholding agent on their behalf to apply to the competent tax
 authority of the listed company to claim the preferential treatment as stipulated in such tax treaties. Upon the
 verification and approval of the competent tax authority, taxes shall be refunded based on the discrepancy
 between the levied taxes and the taxes payable pursuant to the tax rate of the tax treaty. Other institutional
 investors shall pay the tax with respect to dividends and bonus income themselves.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

202
                                                                            Chapter 6: Major Events



2.   H Shareholders

      Pursuant to the Notice on Matters Concerning the Levy and Administration of Individual Income Tax
after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 issued by the State Administration of Taxation (Guo Shui
Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發[1993]045號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》(國
稅函[2011]348號)), dividend and bonus income received by overseas resident individual shareholders who
hold shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong is subject to the payment
of individual income tax according to the items of “interests, dividend and bonus income”, which shall be
withheld and paid by the withholding agents according to relevant laws. The overseas resident individual
shareholders who hold shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled
to the relevant preferential tax treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax agreements signed between the
countries where they reside and China and the tax arrangements between Mainland and Hong Kong (Macau).
The tax rate for dividends under the relevant tax agreements and tax arrangements is generally 10%, and
for the purpose of simplifying tax administration, domestic non-foreign invested enterprises issuing shares
in Hong Kong may, when distributing dividends and bonus, generally withhold individual income tax at the
rate of 10%, and are not required to file an application. If the tax rate for dividends is not equal to 10%,
the following provisions shall apply: (1) for citizens from countries which have entered into tax agreements
stipulating a tax rate of lower than 10%, the withholding agents can file applications on their behalf to claim
the relevant agreed preferential treatments, and upon approval by the competent tax authorities, the excess
tax amounts withheld will be refunded; (2) for citizens from countries which have entered into tax agreements
stipulating a tax rate of higher than 10% but lower than 20%, the withholding agents will withhold the
individual income tax at the agreed-upon effective tax rate when distributing dividends and bonus, and are
not required to file an application; (3) for citizens from countries without tax agreements or under other
situations, the withholding agents will withhold the individual income tax at 20% when distributing dividends
and bonus. Pursuant to the Circular on Questions Concerning Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for
Dividends Distributed by Resident Enterprises in China to Non-resident Enterprises Holding H Shares of the
Enterprises (Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《 關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代
繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知》(國稅函[2008]897號)) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, a PRC
resident enterprise, when distributing dividends for 2008 and for the years afterwards to holders of H Shares
who are overseas non-resident enterprises, shall withhold and pay enterprise income tax at a flat rate of
10%. Pursuant to the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs
(Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《 財政部國家稅務總局證監會關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政
策的通知》(財稅[2014]81號)) and the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
Pilot Programs (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財
稅[2016]127號)) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for
dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland individual investors from investing in H Shares listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect, the individual income taxes thereof are withheld and paid by the H Share company at the rate of
20%; for dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland securities investment funds from investing in H
Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-
Hong Kong Stock Connect, the individual income taxes are accrued and levied according to the same provision
stated above; and for dividend and bonus incomes obtained by mainland corporate investors from investing in
H Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-
Hong Kong Stock Connect, the income taxes thereof shall be reported and paid by the investing enterprise
on its own instead of being withheld and paid by the H Share company, provided that where such dividend
and bonus incomes are obtained by the mainland resident enterprise after holding relevant H Shares for
12 consecutive months, the enterprise income taxes thereof shall be exempted pursuant to law. Under the
current practice of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect
of dividends paid by the Company. Shareholders of the Company shall pay the relevant taxes and/or be
entitled to the tax relieves in accordance with the above provisions.
                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          203
Chapter 6: Major Events



(XIII) Management contracts

    Save for employment contracts, no contract in relation to the management and administration of the
whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or subsisted during 2022.


(XIV) Directors’ and Supervisors’ rights to acquire shares or debentures

     During the Reporting Period or as at the end of 2022, none of the Directors and Supervisors or their
respective associates were granted any right by the Company or its subsidiaries to acquire the shares or
debentures of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any of such right.


(XV) Equity-linked agreements

     No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company at any time during or subsisted at the end
of the 2022.


(XVI) Major customers and suppliers

     In 2022, the revenue generated from the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30%
of the Group’s total revenue. Due to the nature of business of the Company, the Company has no major
suppliers.


(XVII) Pension schemes

     The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed retirement benefit
schemes, operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. According to the relevant
regulations, the premiums and retirement benefit contributions borne by the Group are calculated and paid to
the relevant labor and social welfare authorities on a regular basis. The Group also provides annuity schemes
for certain qualified employees in the PRC. The employees’ and the Group’s contributions for the annuity
schemes are calculated based on certain percentage of employees’ salaries. The Group also operates the
Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for all qualified employees in Hong Kong. The Group contributes certain
percentage of relevant payroll costs to the scheme, and the contribution is matched by employees but subject
to a maximum amount for each employee.
      No forfeited contribution (by the Group on behalf of its employees who leave the scheme prior to
vesting fully in such contributions) is available to be utilized by the Group to reduce the contributions payable
in the future years or to reduce the Group’s existing level of contributions to the retirement scheme. For
details of the pension schemes provided by the Group, please refer to “Note 12 to the consolidated financial
statements” of this report.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

204
                                                                              Chapter 6: Major Events



(XVIII) Reserves and distributable reserves

     For changes in reserves and distributable reserves of the Company, please refer to “Financial Report –
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and “Note 68 to the consolidated financial statements” of this
report.


(XIX) Review of annual results

     The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed the annual results announcement for the year
ended December 31, 2022, the 2022 annual report and the audited financial statements for 2022 prepared
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards and did not raise any objection to the
accounting policy and practices adopted by the Company. The external auditor of the Company has reviewed
the annual financial information for the year ended December 31, 2022 in accordance with International
Standard on Review Engagements 2410.


(XX) Fixed assets

     For details of the fixed assets of the Group as of December 31, 2022, please refer to “Financial Report –
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and “Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements” of this
report.


(XXI) Contracts with the controlling shareholder

     Save as disclosed in “Note 60 to the consolidated financial statements” and “Material Connected
Transactions” in “Chapter 6: Major Events” of this report, for the year ended December 31, 2022, neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries entered into any material contract with the controlling shareholder or
any of its subsidiaries, nor has the controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries entered into any material
contract for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           205
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders


I.     Changes in Share Capital

(I)    Changes in shares

    During the Reporting Period, the total number of shares and the share capital structure of the Company
remained unchanged.


II.    Issuance and Listing of Securities

(I)    Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                            Unit: share         Currency: RMB

 Class of shares                                                                                                                    Amount
                                                        Date of             Offer price
 and their                                                                                    Issuance                            approved
                    Code           Abbreviation         completion of      (or interest                    Date of listing                       Date of closing
 derivative                                                                                    amount                             for listing
                                                        issuance                  rate)
 securities                                                                                                                     and trading

 Ordinary shares

 –                  –              –                    –                            –                –    –                               –     –

 Convertible corporate bonds, bonds with warrants

 –                  –              –                    –                            –                –    –                               –     –

 Bonds (including enterprise bonds, corporate bonds and non-financial enterprise debt financing instruments)

                                   22 China
                                   Merchants
 Corporate bonds    185286.SH                           January 17, 2022        2.89%        5.0 billion   January 21, 2022       5.0 billion    January 17, 2025
                                   Securities G1
                                   (22招證G1)
                                   22 China
 Perpetual
                                   Merchants
 subordinated       185584.SH                           March 24, 2022          3.95%        4.3 billion   March 29, 2022         4.3 billion    –
                                   Securities Y1
 bonds
                                   (22招證Y1)
                                   22 China
 Perpetual
                                   Merchants
 subordinated       185697.SH                           April 19, 2022          3.77%        4.7 billion   April 22, 2022         4.7 billion    –
                                   Securities Y2
 bonds
                                   (22招證Y2)
                                   22 China
 Perpetual
                                   Merchants
 subordinated       185739.SH                           April 26, 2022          3.77%        4.0 billion   April 29, 2022         4.0 billion    –
                                   Securities Y3
 bonds
                                   (22招證Y3)
                                   22 China
                                   Merchants
 Corporate bonds    185861.SH                           June 6, 2022            1.88%        1.0 billion   June 10, 2022          1.0 billion    September 9, 2022
                                   Securities S1
                                   (22招證S1)



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

206
                                                       Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




Class of shares                                                                                                        Amount
                                                 Date of            Offer price
and their                                                                         Issuance                           approved
                  Code        Abbreviation       completion of     (or interest                 Date of listing                    Date of closing
derivative                                                                         amount                            for listing
                                                 issuance                 rate)
securities                                                                                                         and trading

                              22 China
                              Merchants
Corporate bonds   185862.SH                      June 6, 2022           2.03%     2.0 billion   June 10, 2022        2.0 billion   December 8, 2022
                              Securities S2
                              (22招證S2)
                              22 China
Perpetual
                              Merchants
subordinated      185831.SH                      June 8, 2022           3.72%     2.0 billion   June 13, 2022        2.0 billion   –
                              Securities Y4
bonds
                              (22招證Y4)
                              22 China
                              Merchants
Corporate bonds   137522.SH                      July 12, 2022          1.94%     2.6 billion   July 15, 2022        2.6 billion   October 20, 2022
                              Securities S3
                              (22招證S3)
                              22 China
                              Merchants
Corporate bonds   137519.SH                      July 12, 2022          1.96%     1.0 billion   July 15, 2022        1.0 billion   November 24, 2022
                              Securities S4
                              (22招證S4)
                              22 China
                              Merchants
Corporate bonds   185393.SH                      July 26, 2022          2.70%     4.0 billion   July 29, 2022        4.0 billion   July 26, 2025
                              Securities G2
                              (22招證G2)
                              22 China
                              Merchants
Corporate bonds   137653.SH                      August 11, 2022        2.54%     3.0 billion   August 16, 2022      3.0 billion   February 12, 2025
                              Securities G3
                              (22招證G3)
                              22 China
                              Merchants
Corporate bonds   137654.SH                      August 11, 2022        2.59%     5.0 billion   August 16, 2022      5.0 billion   August 11, 2025
                              Securities G4
                              (22招證G4)
                              22 China
Short-term                    Merchants
                  072210001                      January 7, 2022        2.59%     3.0 billion   January 10, 2022     3.0 billion   July 6, 2022
financing bonds               Securities CP001
                              (22招商證券CP001)
                              22 China
Short-term                    Merchants
                  072210058                      April 13, 2022         2.34%     3.0 billion   April 14, 2022       3.0 billion   August 11, 2022
financing bonds               Securities CP002
                              (22招商證券CP002)




                                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                   207
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




 Class of shares                                                                                                         Amount
                                                    Date of            Offer price
 and their                                                                           Issuance                          approved
                     Code        Abbreviation       completion of     (or interest                 Date of listing                   Date of closing
 derivative                                                                           amount                           for listing
                                                    issuance                 rate)
 securities                                                                                                          and trading

                                 22 China
 Short-term                      Merchants                                                                                           September 22,
                     072210092                      June 23, 2022          1.88%     3.0 billion   June 24, 2022       3.0 billion
 financing bonds                 Securities CP003                                                                                    2022
                                 (22招商證券CP003)
                                 22 China
 Short-term                      Merchants                                                                                           September 26,
                     072210099                      June 27, 2022          1.84%     2.0 billion   June 28, 2022       2.0 billion
 financing bonds                 Securities CP004                                                                                    2022
                                 (22招商證券CP004)
                                 22 China
 Short-term                      Merchants
                     072210136                      August 24, 2022        2.00%     4.0 billion   August 25, 2022     4.0 billion   August 23, 2023
 financing bonds                 Securities CP005
                                 (22招商證券CP005)
                                 22 China
 Short-term                      Merchants
                     072210137                      August 25, 2022        1.95%     4.0 billion   August 26, 2022     4.0 billion   May 24, 2023
 financing bonds                 Securities CP006
                                 (22招商證券CP006)
                                 22 China
 Short-term                      Merchants          September 2,                                   September 5,
                     072210144                                             1.93%     4.0 billion                       4.0 billion   April 19, 2023
 financing bonds                 Securities CP007   2022                                           2022
                                 (22招商證券CP007)
                                 22 China
 Short-term                      Merchants          September 2,                                   September 5,
                     072210145                                             2.00%     4.0 billion                       4.0 billion   August 31, 2023
 financing bonds                 Securities CP008   2022                                           2022
                                 (22招商證券CP008)
                                 22 China
                                 Merchants
 Short-term                                         September 7,                                   September 8,
                     072210148   Securities CP009                          1.82%     4.0 billion                       4.0 billion   February 13, 2023
 financing bonds                                    2022                                           2022
                                  (22招商證券
                                 CP009)

                                 22 China
 Short-term                      Merchants          September 7,                                   September 8,
                     072210149                                             1.94%     4.0 billion                       4.0 billion   May 9, 2023
 financing bonds                 Securities CP010   2022                                           2022
                                 (22招商證券CP010)
 Other derivative securities

 –                   –           –                  –                           –             –    –                            –    –




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

208
                                            Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



      Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period (separate explanation for bonds with different interest
rates during the duration):


1.   Public issuance of corporate bonds to professional investors

     In July 2020, the Company received the Approval for the Registration of Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued
by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020] No. 1322) (《關於
同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行公司債券註冊的批覆》(證監許可[2020]1322號)) from the
CSRC, pursuant to which, the CSRC approved that the Company may publicly issue to professional investors
corporate bonds with a maturity of more than one year, the total face value of which shall not be more than
RMB25 billion, and short-term corporate bonds, the balance of face value of which shall not be more than
RMB10 billion. In 2022, the Company issued two tranches of short-term corporate bonds accordingly.
      In April 2021, the Company received the Approval for the Registration of Corporate Bonds Publicly
 Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2021] No. 1384)
(《 關於同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行公司債券註冊的批覆》(證監許可[2021]1384號))
 from the CSRC, pursuant to which, the CSRC approved that the Company may publicly issue to professional
 investors corporate bonds, the total face value of which shall not be more than RMB50 billion. In 2022, the
 Company issued three tranches of corporate bonds accordingly.


2.   Public issuance of perpetual subordinated corporate bonds to professional investors

      In January 2022, the Company received the Approval for the Registration of Perpetual Subordinated
Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian
Xu Ke [2022] No. 222) (《 關於同意招商證券股份有限公司向專業投資者公開發行永續次級公司債券註冊的批
覆》(證監許可[2022]222號)) from the CSRC, pursuant to which, the CSRC approved that the Company may
publicly issue to professional investors perpetual subordinated corporate bonds, the total face value of which
shall not be more than RMB15 billion. In 2022, the Company issued four tranches of perpetual subordinated
corporate bonds accordingly.
      For perpetual subordinated bonds, the issuer shall have the right of redemption, and (when specific
conditions are met) the option of redemption and the option of deferring payment of interest. The coupon
rate for the first five interest-bearing years of the perpetual subordinated bonds is determined through
bookkeeping and filing, and shall remain unchanged during the first five interest-bearing years. Since the sixth
interest-bearing year, the coupon rate shall be re-determined every five years. The coupon rate re-determined
every five years is the benchmark interest rate for the relevant period plus the initial spread plus 300 basis
points. The initial spread is the difference between the coupon rate and the initial benchmark interest rate in
the first five interest-bearing years.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           209
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



3.    Short-term financing bonds of securities firms

      In January 2021, the National Interbank Funding Center issued the Announcement of the National
Interbank Funding Center on the Authorization to Announce the Maximum Balance of Short-term Financing
Bonds of Securities Firms (Zhong Hui Jiao Announcement [2022] No. 7) (《全國銀行間同業拆借中心授權公佈
證券公司短期融資券餘額上限公告》(中匯交公告[2022]7號)), pursuant to which, the maximum outstanding
balance of short-term financing bonds of the Company shall be RMB37.2 billion. In August 2022, the National
Interbank Funding Center issued the Announcement of the National Interbank Funding Center on the
Authorization to Announce the Maximum Balance of Short-term Financing Bonds of Securities Firms (Zhong
Hui Jiao Announcement [2022] No. 39) (《全國銀行間同業拆借中心授權公佈證券公司短期融資券餘額上限公
告》(中匯交公告[2022]39號)), pursuant to which, the maximum outstanding balance of short-term financing
bonds of the Company shall be RMB40.2 billion. In 2022, the Company issued ten tranches of short-term
financing bonds of securities firms.


III. Shareholders and De Facto Controller

(I)   Total number of shareholders


       Total number of holders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period          173,040

       Total number of holders of ordinary shares as of the end of the month preceding
       the disclosure of this annual report                                                      170,215




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

210
                                                              Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



(II)   Shareholdings of the top ten shareholders and the top ten holders of tradable shares (or
       holders of unrestricted shares) as of the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                               Unit: share

                                                              Shareholdings of the top ten shareholders

                                                   Changes               Number of                                       Pledged, marked
                                                 during the             shares held                        Number of       or locked-up
                                                 Reporting               at the end      Percentage         restricted                            Nature of
        Name of shareholder (in full)                Period           of the period             (%)       shares held    Status    Number       shareholder

        China Merchants Financial Holdings
                                                                                                                                                State-owned
        Co., Ltd.                                         –           2,047,900,517           23.55                 –        Nil           –
                                                                                                                                                legal person
        (招商局金融控股有限公司)
        Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
                                                                                                                                                State-owned
        Development Co., Ltd.                             –           1,703,934,870           19.59                 –        Nil           –
                                                                                                                                                legal person
        (深圳市集盛投資發展有限公司)
                                                                                                                                               Overseas legal
        HKSCC Nominees Limited                        8,556           1,274,224,267           14.65                 –        Nil           –
                                                                                                                                                      person

        China Ocean Shipping Company                                                                                                            State-owned
                                                          –            544,632,418             6.26                 –        Nil           –
        Limited (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)                                                                                                                    legal person

        Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                              State-owned
                                                          –            343,282,732             3.95                 –        Nil           –
        (河北港口集團有限公司)                                                                                                                            legal person

        CCCC Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         State-owned
                                                152,219,361            272,219,361             3.13                 –        Nil           –
        (中交資本控股有限公司)                                                                                                                            legal person

        China Securities Finance Corporation
        Limited                                           –            170,789,261             1.96                 –        Nil           –       Unknown
        (中國證券金融股份有限公司)
        Hong Kong Securities Clearing                                                                                                          Overseas legal
                                                 -4,640,730            111,549,881             1.28                 –        Nil           –
        Company Limited                                                                                                                               person

        COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    State-owned
                                                          –            109,199,899             1.26                 –        Nil           –
        (中遠海運（廣州）有限公司)                                                                                                                          legal person

        China Construction Bank Corporation –
        Guotai CSI All Share brokerage ETF
        (中國建設銀行股份有限公司－                            4,634,780              77,184,935            0.89                 –        Nil           –          Others
        國泰中證全指證券公司交易型開放式指
        數證券投資基金)




                                                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                       211
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



                                      Shareholdings of the top ten holders of unrestricted shares
                                                                         Number of            Class and number of shares
                                                                           tradable
                                                                       unrestricted
                      Name of shareholder                               shares held           Class                 Number
       China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.
       (招商局金融控股有限公司)                                                 2,047,900,517      RMB ordinary shares          2,047,900,517
       Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd.
       (深圳市集盛投資發展有限公司)                                               1,703,934,870      RMB ordinary shares          1,703,934,870
                                                                                             Overseas listed
       HKSCC Nominees Limited                                        1,274,224,267           foreign shares          1,274,224,267
       China Ocean Shipping Company Limited
       (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)                                                    544,632,418      RMB ordinary shares            544,632,418
       Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.
       (河北港口集團有限公司)                                                    343,282,732      RMB ordinary shares            343,282,732
       CCCC Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.
       (中交資本控股有限公司)                                                    272,219,361      RMB ordinary shares            272,219,361
       China Securities Finance Corporation Limited
       (中國證券金融股份有限公司)                                                  170,789,261      RMB ordinary shares            170,789,261
       Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                   111,549,881      RMB ordinary shares            111,549,881
       COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
       (中遠海運（廣州）有限公司)                                                  109,199,899      RMB ordinary shares            109,199,899
       China Construction Bank Corporation –
       Guotai CSI All Share brokerage ETF
       (中國建設銀行股份有限公司－國泰中證全指證券
       公司交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)                                                77,184,935      RMB ordinary shares             77,184,935
       Description of the special account for repurchase
       among the top ten shareholders                                                          Nil
       Description of the entrusting voting right, entrusted
       voting right and waiver of voting right of the above
       shareholders                                                                            Nil
                                                               Among the above top ten shareholders:
                                                               1. CM Financial Holdings indirectly holds 100% of the equity
                                                                  interest in Jisheng Investment. CM Financial Holdings and Jisheng
                                                                  Investment are both subsidiaries of China Merchants Group, the
       Description of the connected relationships or              de facto controller of the Company;
       concerted actions among the above shareholders          2. China Ocean Shipping and COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co.,
                                                                  Ltd. are both subsidiaries of China COSCO Shipping Corporation
                                                                  Limited;
                                                               3. CCCC Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                                                  China Communications Construction Company Ltd.

      Notes:     1.    HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominee holder of the shares held by the non-registered H
                       Shareholders of the Company;
                 2.    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominee holder of the shares of the
                       Company under the Northbound Trading Link of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect;
                 3.    Given the fact that the shares of the Company could be used as underlying securities for
                       margin financing and securities lending, the shareholding of the shareholders is calculated
                       based on the aggregate of shares and interests held in their ordinary securities accounts and
                       credit securities accounts.
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

212
                                                    Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



(III) Interests and short positions of the substantial shareholders and other persons in the shares
      and underlying shares

     As at December 31, 2022, to the best knowledge of the Directors having made reasonable enquiries, the
following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company) had interests or
short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed
to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and which were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                            Long
                                                                                                        Percentage of    positions7/
                                                                                       Percentage of     total number       short
                                                                                        total number         of issued   positions8/
                Name of de facto                                                            of issued      A Shares/H      shares
                  controller and         Class of      Nature of          Number of     shares of the   Shares of the     available
       No.   substantial shareholders     shares        interest         shares held   Company (%)      Company (%)      for lending
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
                                         A Shares   by controlled      3,751,835,387           43.14            50.55
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations1
      1      China Merchants Group
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
                                         H Shares   by controlled        89,042,607             1.02             6.99
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations2
                                                    Beneficial owner
                                                    and interest
                                                    of corporation                                                       Long
                                         A Shares                      3,751,835,387           43.14            50.55
             China Merchants Financial              controlled by                                                        position
      2      Holdings Co., Ltd.                     substantial
             (招商局金融控股有限公司)                          shareholders3
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
                                         H Shares   by controlled        89,042,607             1.02             6.99
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations3
             Shenzhen Jisheng
             Investment Development
                                                                                                                         Long
      3      Co., Ltd.                   A Shares   Beneficial owner   1,703,934,870           19.59            22.96
                                                                                                                         position
             (深圳市集盛投資發展有限
             公司)
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
      4      CMF Holdings Limited        H Shares   by controlled        89,042,607             1.02             6.99
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations3
             Best Winner Investment                                                                                      Long
      5                                  H Shares   Beneficial owner     89,042,607             1.02             6.99
             Limited                                                                                                     position
                                                    Interest held
                                                                                                                         Long
             China COSCO Shipping        A Shares   by controlled       663,437,515             7.63             8.94
                                                                                                                         position
             Corporation Limited                    corporations4
      6
             (中國遠洋海運集團有限                            Interest held
             公司)                                                                                                         Long
                                         H Shares   by controlled       207,797,720             2.39            16.30
                                                                                                                         position
                                                    corporations5




                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                    213
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




                                                                                                                                 Long
                                                                                                             Percentage of    positions7/
                                                                                            Percentage of     total number       short
                                                                                             total number         of issued   positions8/
                      Name of de facto                                                           of issued      A Shares/H      shares
                        controller and          Class of      Nature of        Number of     shares of the   Shares of the     available
           No.     substantial shareholders      shares        interest       shares held   Company (%)      Company (%)      for lending
                   China Ocean Shipping
                                                                                                                              Long
       7           Company Limited              A Shares   Beneficial owner   544,632,418            6.26             7.34
                                                                                                                              position
                   (中國遠洋運輸有限公司)
                                                                                                                              Long
                                                A Shares   Beneficial owner   343,282,732            3.95             4.63
                   Hebei Port Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                 position
       8
                   (河北港口集團有限公司)                                                                                               Long
                                                H Shares   Beneficial owner    90,674,300            1.04             7.11
                                                                                                                              position
                   PICC Life Insurance
                   Company Limited                                                                                            Long
       9                                        H Shares   Beneficial owner   433,290,000            4.98            34.00
                   (中國人民人壽保險股份                                                                                                position
                   有限公司)
                   The People’s Insurance
                   Company (Group) of                      Interest held
                                                                                                                              Long
       10          China Limited                H Shares   by controlled      433,290,000            4.98            34.00
                                                                                                                              position
                   (中國人民保險集團股份有                            corporations6
                   限公司)
                   COSCO SHIPPING
                                                                                                                              Long
       11          Investment Holdings Co.,     H Shares   Beneficial owner   207,797,720            2.39            16.30
                                                                                                                              position
                   Limited

      1.         China Merchants Group holds 100% of the equity interest in CM Financial Holdings and Jisheng
                 Investment, and is deemed to be interested in the same number of A Shares which CM Financial Holdings
                 (23.55%) and Jisheng Investment (19.59%) are interested in under the SFO.
      2.         China Merchants Group holds 100% of the equity interest in Best Winner Investment Limited, and is
                 deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares which Best Winner Investment Limited (1.02%)
                 is interested in under the SFO.
      3.         CM Financial Holdings directly holds 23.55% of the shares of the Company. CM Financial Holdings holds
                 100% of the equity interest in Jisheng Investment, and is deemed to be interested in the same number
                 of A Shares which Jisheng Investment (19.59%) is interested in under the SFO. Thus, CM Financial
                 Holdings holds, directly and indirectly, an aggregate of 43.14% of the equity interest in the A Shares
                 of the Company. CM Financial Holdings holds 100% of the equity interest in CMF Holdings Limited,
                 and CMF Holdings Limited holds 100% of the equity interest in Best Winner Investment Limited. Thus,
                 CM Financial Holdings and CMF Holdings Limited are deemed to be interested in the same number of H
                 Shares which Best Winner Investment Limited (1.02%) is interested in under the SFO.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

214
                                                Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



     4.   China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited holds 100% of the equity interest in China Ocean Shipping
          and China Shipping Group Co., Ltd. (中國海運集團有限公司), and is deemed to be interested in the same
          number of A Shares which China Ocean Shipping (6.26%), COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.,
          a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping Group Co., Ltd. (1.26%), COSCO SHIPPING Investment
          Holdings Co., Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping Group Co., Ltd. (0.10%), and
          Guangzhou Sanding Oil Products Transport Co., Ltd. (廣州市三鼎油品運輸有限公司) (0.01%) are
          interested in under the SFO.
     5.   China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited is deemed to be interested in the same number of H Shares
          which COSCO SHIPPING Investment Holdings Co., Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Shipping
          Group Co., Ltd. (中國海運集團有限公司) (2.39%), is interested in under the SFO.
     6.   The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited directly and indirectly holds 80% of the equity
          interest in PICC Life Insurance Company Limited, and is deemed to be interested in the same number of
          H Shares which PICC Life Insurance Company Limited is interested in under the SFO.
     7.   A shareholder has a “long position” if it has an interest in shares, including interests through holding,
          selling or issuing financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder has the
          following rights and liabilities: (i) it has a right to buy the underlying shares; (ii) it is under an obligation
          to buy the underlying shares; (iii) it has a right to receive money if the price of the underlying shares
          increases; or (iv) it has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares increases; and
     8.   A shareholder has a “short position” if it borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending
          agreement, or if it holds, sells or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such
          shareholder has the following rights and liabilities: (i) it has a right to require another person to buy the
          underlying shares; (ii) it is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (iii) it has a right to receive
          money if the price of the underlying shares decreases; or (iv) it has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the
          price of the underlying shares decreases.
      Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2022, the Company was not aware of any other person
(other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) who had interests or short
positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       215
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



IV. Details of Controlling Shareholder and De Facto Controller

(I)   Details of controlling shareholder

1     Legal person


                                                      China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局
       Name
                                                      金融控股有限公司)
       Person in charge or legal representative       MIAO Jianmin (繆建民)
       Date of incorporation                          May 28, 1997
                                                      Business as a financial holding company; other
       Principal business
                                                      businesses approved by the People’s Bank of China
                                                      It directly holds 4.55% of the A shares of China
                                                      Merchants Bank; indirectly holds 8.73% of the A
                                                      shares of China Merchants Bank through its controlled
                                                      subsidiaries, namely Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
       Shareholdings in other domestic or overseas
                                                      and Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市晏清投資發展有
       listed companies controlled by or associated
                                                      限公司) and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and
       with it during the Reporting Period
                                                      Development Co., Ltd. (深圳市楚源投資發展有限公司);
                                                      and indirectly holds 1.53% of the H shares of China
                                                      Merchants Bank through Best Winner Investment
                                                      Limited.

       Credit status                                  Good credit standing
                                                      Mainly equity investment, and there are no major
       Other descriptions                             restrictions on the equity and other assets held in China
                                                      Merchants Securities.



2     Description of change of controlling shareholder during the Reporting Period

      In September 2022, the name of CM Finance Investment, the controlling shareholder of the Company,
changed from “China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市招融投資控股有限公司)” to
“China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (招商局金融控股有限公司)”. For details, please refer to the
relevant announcement published by the Company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website on September
16, 2022.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

216
                                                          Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



3      Diagram of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and its
       controlling shareholder

                                        State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                                                 Commission of the State Council

                                                         100%

                                                 China Merchants Group Limited

                                                         100%

                                           China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd.

                                                         100%

                                           China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.

                           100%
         Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
           and Development Co., Ltd.                                                                 100%

                            50%                   50%                                           CMF Holdings Limited
                            Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment
                              and Development Co., Ltd.                                              100%

                                                                                                       Best Winner
         50%                 50%                                                                    Investment Limited
         Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
            Development Co., Ltd.


                                                             23.55%
                                       19.59%                                               1.02%
                                                     CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.




(II)   Details of de facto controller

1      Legal person


        Name                                                    China Merchants Group Limited

        Person in charge or legal representative                MIAO Jianmin (繆建民)
        Date of incorporation                                   October 14, 1986




                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                               217
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




                                       Sea and land passenger and cargo transportation and agency,
                                       leasing and agency of sea and land transportation tools and
                                       equipment, investment in and management of port and warehouse
                                       businesses; sea rescue, salvage and towing; manufacturing;
                                       building, repair, inspection and sale of vessels and offshore oil
                                       drilling equipment; repair and inspection of oil rigs and containers;
                                       contracting and construction of and back office services for sea and
                                       land construction projects and offshore oil exploitation projects;
                                       procurement, supply and sale of sea and land transportation
                                       equipment and relevant supplies; import and export transportation
                                       businesses; investment in and management of businesses in
                                       the financial, insurance, trust, securities and futures industries;
                                       investment in and management of businesses in the tourism, hotel,
       Principal business
                                       catering and relevant services industries; real estate development
                                       and property management and consultancy business; investment
                                       in and management of petrochemical business; investment in and
                                       operation of transportation infrastructure; operation of offshore
                                       assets; development, operation and management of Shekou
                                       Industrial Zone in Shenzhen and Zhangzhou Development Zone in
                                       Fujian (market entities may independently select business projects
                                       and carry out operating activities in accordance with the laws;
                                       operations that require prior approvals according to the laws may
                                       only be conducted after obtaining approvals from the relevant
                                       authorities; operating activities prohibited and restricted by the
                                       industrial policies of the state and the municipality shall not be
                                       engaged in).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

218
                                        Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




                                             74.35% interests in China Merchants Land Limited;
                                             69.15% interests in Liaoning Port Co., Ltd.;
                                             68.72% interests in China Merchants Expressway Network &
                                             Technology Holdings Co., Ltd.;
                                             64.82% interests in China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings
                                             Co., Ltd.;
                                             63.02% interests in China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd.;
                                             58.00% interests in Sinotrans Limited;
                                             54.14% interests in China Merchants Energy Shipping Co., Ltd.;
                                             51.16% interests in China Merchants Property Operation & Service Co.,
                                             Ltd.;
                                             45.93% interests in China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited;
                                             29.97% interests in China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.;
                                             29.94% interests in Anhui Expressway Company Limited;
                                             28.05% interests in Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd.;
                                             27.97% interests in Nanjing Tanker Corporation;
Shareholdings in other domestic or           27.59% interests in China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited;
overseas listed companies controlled by      24.88% interests in Sichuan Expressway Company Limited;
or associated with it during the Reporting   24.49% interests in China International Marine Containers (Group)
Period                                       Co., Ltd.;
                                             23.08% interests in Ningbo Zhoushan Port Co., Ltd.;
                                             19.08% interests in Jinzhou Port Co., Ltd.;
                                             17.75% interests in Fujian Expressway Development Co., Ltd.;
                                             16.52% interests in Heilongjiang Transport Development Co., Ltd.;
                                             16.32% interests in Hubei Chutian Smart Communication Co., Ltd.;
                                             16.23% interests in Shandong Hi-Speed Company Limited;
                                             15.43% interests in Henan Zhongyuan Expressway Co., Ltd.;
                                             14.04% interests in Jilin Expressway Co., Ltd.;
                                             13.86% interests in Guangxi Wuzhou Communications Co., Ltd.;
                                             12.36% interests in China Great Wall Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                             11.69% interests in Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited;
                                             9.59% interests in Shanxi Road and Bridge Co., Ltd.;
                                             8.70% interests in Qilu Expressway Company Limited;
                                             8.12% interests in Shenzhen Expressway Company Limited;
                                             8.04% interests in Xiandai Investment Co., Ltd.;
                                             6.07% interests in Zhejiang Expressway Company Limited;




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              219
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders




                                                    6.03% interests in S.F. Holding Co., Ltd.;
                                                    5.99% interests in Pangang Group Vanadium & Titanium Resources
                                                    Co., Ltd.;
                                                    2.81% interests in International Business Settlement Holdings Limited;
                                                    2.44% interests in JD Logistics, Inc.;
                                                    2.36% interests in Qingdao Port International Co., Ltd.;
                                                    2.20% interests in Linklogis Inc.;
       Shareholdings in other domestic or           1.20% interests in Guangxi Oriental Intelligent Manufacturing
       overseas listed companies controlled by      Technology Co., Ltd.;
       or associated with it during the Reporting   0.77% interests in Chang Jiang Shipping Group Phoenix Co., Ltd.;
       Period                                       0.53% interests in China Shipbuilding Industry Co., Ltd.;
                                                    0.16% interests in CMMB Vision Holdings Limited;
                                                    0.10% interests in Sinopec Engineering (Group) Co., Ltd.;
                                                    0.06% interests in Haitong Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                                    0.02% interests in Guangdong Xiangnong Green Agricultural Co., Ltd.;
                                                    0.02% interests in Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd.;
                                                    0.02% interests in Air China Limited;
                                                    0.01% interests in Bank of China Limited.

                                                    Major assets are cash and bank balances, inventory and long-term
       Other assets and restrictions                equity investment, and there are no major restrictions on the equity
                                                    and other assets held in China Merchants Securities.

       Credit status                                Granted AAA credit rating with good credit standing

       Other descriptions                           Nil




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

220
                                                        Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



2    Diagram of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and its de facto
     controller

                                      State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                                               Commission of the State Council

                                                       100%

                                               China Merchants Group Limited

                                                       100%

                                         China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd.

                                                       100%

                                         China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.

                         100%
       Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
         and Development Co., Ltd.                                                                 100%

                          50%                   50%                                           CMF Holdings Limited
                          Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment
                            and Development Co., Ltd.                                              100%

                                                                                                     Best Winner
       50%                 50%                                                                    Investment Limited
       Shenzhen Jisheng Investment
          Development Co., Ltd.


                                                           23.55%
                                     19.59%                                               1.02%
                                                   CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.




     The de facto controller of the Company is China Merchants Group. China Merchants Group indirectly
holds a total of 44.17% shares of the Company through its subsidiaries, namely China Merchants Financial
Holdings Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd. and Best Winner Investment Limited.




                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                             221
Chapter 7: Changes in Shares and Shareholders



V. Other Corporate Shareholders Interested in 10% or more of the Shares of
   the Company

                                                                                                                     Unit: 10,000 Yuan                 Currency: RMB

                                   Person in
        Name of corporate                              General                Date of                                          Registered          Principal business or
                                charge or legal                                                    Organization code
          shareholder                                  manager             incorporation                                          capital                operation
                                representative

                                                                                                                                               Investment in the establishment
                                                                                                                                               of businesses (projects are
       Shenzhen Jisheng                                                                                                                        separately reported); domestic
       Investment                                                                                                                              business, commodity supply
                                                     RONG Jie                                         9144030073414
       Development Co., Ltd.   XU Xin (徐鑫)                             December 11, 2001                                              60,000   and sales (excluding licensed,
                                                     (戎捷)                                                     6375H
       (深圳市集盛投資發展                                                                                                                              exclusive or franchised
       有限公司)                                                                                                                                   commodities); and economic
                                                                                                                                               information consultancy
                                                                                                                                               (excluding restricted items).

       Description             Jisheng Investment is a subsidiary of China Merchants Group, the de facto controller of the Company.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

222
                                                             Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds


I.         Enterprise Bonds, Corporate Bonds and Non-financial Enterprise Debt
           Financing Instruments

(I)        Corporate bonds

1.         General information of corporate bonds

           As of the Latest Practicable Date, the details of the outstanding corporate bonds are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                  Unit: 100 Million Yuan                              Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          there is
                                                                                                                                                     Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                             Remaining Interest                        Trading                         Trading          any risk of
                  Name                       Abbreviation    Code        Date of issuance    Value date     Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                              balance rate (%)                          place                         mechanism        termination
                                                                                                                                                       interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       and trading

  The 2014 Corporate Bonds publicly                                                                                                               Payment of
                                             14 China                                                                                                                                               Matching, click-
  issued by China Merchants Securities                                                                                                            interest annually,
                                             Merchants                                                                                                                           Offering to        to-trade, quote
  Co., Ltd.                                                  122374.SH May 25, 2015         May 26, 2015    May 26, 2025        55.00      5.08   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                             Bonds                                                                                                                               investors          request, auction
  (招商證券股份有限公司公開發行2014年                                                                                                                            principal upon
                                             (14招商債)                                                                                                                                                and negotiation
  公司債券)                                                                                                                                           expiry

  The 2020 Corporate Bonds (first tranche)
                                                                                                                                                  Payment of
  publicly issued by China Merchants                                                                                                                                             Offering to        Matching, click-
                                             20 China                                                                                             interest annually,
  Securities Co., Ltd. to professional                                                                                                                                           professional       to-trade, quote
                                             Merchants G1    163757.SH July 21, 2020        July 22, 2020    July 22, 2023      30.00      3.55   and payment of       SSE                                             No
  investors                                                                                                                                                                      institutional      request, auction
                                             (20招商G1)                                                                                             principal upon
  (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                                                             investors          and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                  expiry
  公開發行2020年公司債券（第一期）)

 The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds
 (second tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                              Payment of
                                             20 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                          interest annually,
                                             Merchants                      August 12,       August 13,       August 13,                                                         professional       to-trade, quote
 professional investors                                      163925.SH                                                          30.00      3.50   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                             Securities G3                    2020             2020             2023                                                             institutional      request, auction
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                               principal upon
                                             (20招證G3)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
 公開發行2020年公司債券（第二期）                                                                                                                               expiry
 （品種二）)

 The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds
 (third tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                         Payment of
                                             20 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                                interest annually,
                                             Merchants                    September 18,     September 21,   September 21,                                                        professional       to-trade, quote
 professional investors                                      175175.SH                                                          29.00      3.78   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                             Securities G5                    2020              2020            2023                                                             institutional      request, auction
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                               principal upon
                                             (20招證G5)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
 公開發行2020年公司債券（第三期）                                                                                                                               expiry
 （品種二）)

 The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds
 (fourth tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                              Payment of
                                             20 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                          interest annually,
                                             Merchants                     October 23,       October 26,     October 26,                                                         professional       to-trade, quote
 professional investors                                      175293.SH                                                          10.00      3.63   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                             Securities G7                    2020              2020            2023                                                             institutional      request, auction
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                               principal upon
                                             (20招證G7)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
 公開發行2020年公司債券（第四期）                                                                                                                               expiry
 （品種二）)

 The 2020 Type One Subordinated
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                         Payment of
                                             20 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                          interest annually,
                                             Merchants                     December 2,      December 3,                                                                          professional       to-trade, quote
 professional investors                                      175515.SH                                       June 3, 2023       44.30      4.38   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                             Securities C1                    2020             2020                                                                              institutional      request, auction
 (招商證券股份有限公司2020年面向專業                                                                                                                             principal upon
                                             (20招證C1)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
 投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）                                                                                                                                 expiry
 （品種一）)




                                                                                                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            223
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         there is
                                                                                                                                                      Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                              Remaining Interest                        Trading                       Trading          any risk of
                  Name                       Abbreviation    Code        Date of issuance    Value date      Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                               balance rate (%)                          place                       mechanism        termination
                                                                                                                                                        interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      and trading

The 2020 Type Two Subordinated
Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                           Payment of
                                             20 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                            interest annually,
                                             Merchants                     December 2,      December 3,       December 3,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
professional investors                                       175516.SH                                                           10.70      4.43   and payment of       SSE                                           No
                                             Securities C2                    2020             2020              2023                                                             institutional    request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司2020年面向專業                                                                                                                               principal upon
                                             (20招證C2)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）                                                                                                                                   expiry
（品種二）)

The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds
(first tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                           Payment of
                                             21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                                  interest annually,
                                             Merchants                     January 15,       January 18,      January 18,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
professional investors                                       175638.SH                                                           45.00      3.53   and payment of       SSE                                           No
                                             Securities G2                    2021              2021             2024                                                             institutional    request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                                 principal upon
                                             (21招證G2)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
公開發行2021年公司債券（第一期）                                                                                                                                 expiry
（品種二）)

 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (first
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                     January 26,       January 27,      January 27,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
                                                             175705.SH                                                           48.00      3.95   and payment of       SSE                                           No
 professional investors                      Securities C1                    2021              2021             2024                                                             institutional    request, auction
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業                        (21招證C1)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）)

 The 2021 Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                     January 27,       January 28,      January 28,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
                                                             175715.SH                                                           14.00      3.58   and payment of       SSE                                           No
 professional investors                      Securities G3                    2021              2021             2024                                                             institutional    request, auction
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                          (21招證G3)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 公開發行2021年公司債券（第二期）)

 The 2021 Type Two Non-public Issuance                                                                                                             Payment of
                                             21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Click-to-trade,
 of Corporate Bonds (first tranche) issued                                                                                                         interest annually,
                                             Merchants                     February 25,      February 26,      August 26,                                                         professional     quote request,
 by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.                     177973.SH                                                           75.00      3.85   and payment of       SSE                                           No
                                             Securities F2                    2021              2021             2023                                                             institutional    auction and
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021年非公開發                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                             (21招證F2)                                                                                                                             investors        negotiation
 行公司債券（第一期）（品種二）)                                                                                                                                  expiry

 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (second
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                                                                                                            professional     to-trade, quote
                                                             175813.SH March 8, 2021        March 9, 2021    March 9, 2024       60.00      3.95   and payment of       SSE                                           No
 professional investors                      Securities C2                                                                                                                        institutional    request, auction
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業                        (21招證C2)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 投資者公開發行次級債券（第二期）)

 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (third
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                                                                                                            professional     to-trade, quote
                                                             188003.SH April 14, 2021       April 15, 2021   April 15, 2024      60.00      3.80   and payment of       SSE                                           No
 professional investors                      Securities C3                                                                                                                        institutional    request, auction
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業                        (21招證C3)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 投資者公開發行次級債券（第三期）)

 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (fourth
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China           21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                   interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to           Merchants                                                       November 18,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
                                                             188122.SH May 17, 2021         May 18, 2021                         30.00      3.55   and payment of       SSE                                           No
 professional investors                      Securities C4                                                       2023                                                             institutional    request, auction
                                                                                                                                                   principal upon
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業                        (21招證C4)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                   expiry
 投資者公開發行次級債券（第四期）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

224
                                                                                                           Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        there is
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                           Remaining Interest                        Trading                         Trading          any risk of
                 Name                      Abbreviation    Code        Date of issuance    Value date     Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                            balance rate (%)                          place                         mechanism        termination
                                                                                                                                                     interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     and trading

The 2021 Type One Subordinated
Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                         interest annually,
                                           Merchants                                                                                                                           professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     188306.SH June 23, 2021        June 24, 2021   June 24, 2023       27.00      3.48   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities C5                                                                                                                       institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業                                                                                                                            principal upon
                                           (21招證C5)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
投資者公開發行次級債券（第五期）                                                                                                                                expiry
（品種一）)

The 2021 Type Two Subordinated
Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                         interest annually,
                                           Merchants                                                      December 23,                                                         professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     188307.SH June 23, 2021        June 24, 2021                       20.00      3.60   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities C6                                                      2023                                                             institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業                                                                                                                            principal upon
                                           (21招證C6)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
投資者公開發行次級債券（第五期）                                                                                                                                expiry
（品種二）)

The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds
(third tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                               interest annually,
                                           Merchants                                                                                                                           professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     188386.SH     July 9, 2021     July 12, 2021    July 12, 2023      20.00      3.00   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities G4                                                                                                                       institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                           (21招證G4)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
公開發行2021年公司債券（第三期）                                                                                                                              expiry
（品種一）)

The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds
(third tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                               interest annually,
                                           Merchants                                                                                                                           professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     188387.SH     July 9, 2021     July 12, 2021    July 12, 2024      40.00      3.22   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities G5                                                                                                                       institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                           (21招證G5)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
公開發行2021年公司債券（第三期）                                                                                                                              expiry
（品種二）)

The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds
(fourth tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                             Payment of
                                           21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                         interest annually,
                                           Merchants                                                       October 12,                                                         professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     188481.SH July 28, 2021        July 29, 2021                       20.00      2.95   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities G6                                                      2023                                                             institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                           (21招證G6)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
公開發行2021年公司債券（第四期）                                                                                                                              expiry
（品種一）)

The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds
(fourth tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                             Payment of
                                           21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                         interest annually,
                                           Merchants                                                                                                                           professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     188482.SH July 28, 2021        July 29, 2021   June 13, 2024       43.00      3.12   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities G7                                                                                                                       institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                           (21招證G7)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
公開發行2021年公司債券（第四期）                                                                                                                              expiry
（品種二）)

The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds
(fifth tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           21 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                               interest annually,
                                           Merchants                      August 11,       August 12,       August 12,                                                         professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     188567.SH                                                          50.00      3.08   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities G9                    2021             2021             2024                                                             institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                           (21招證G9)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
公開發行2021年公司債券（第五期）                                                                                                                              expiry
（品種二）)




                                                                                                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          225
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        there is
                                                                                                                                                     Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                             Remaining Interest                        Trading                       Trading          any risk of
                 Name                       Abbreviation    Code        Date of issuance    Value date      Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                              balance rate (%)                          place                       mechanism        termination
                                                                                                                                                       interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     and trading

The 2021 Type Three Corporate Bonds
(fifth tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                          Payment of
                                            21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                                 interest annually,
                                            Merchants                      August 11,       August 12,        August 12,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
professional investors                                      188568.SH                                                           20.00      3.41   and payment of       SSE                                           No
                                            Securities 10                    2021             2021              2026                                                             institutional    request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                                principal upon
                                            (21招證10)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
公開發行2021年公司債券（第五期）                                                                                                                                expiry
（品種三）)

The 2021 Type One Subordinated
Bonds (sixth tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                          Payment of
                                            21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                           interest annually,
                                            Merchants                 November 10,         November 11,     November 11,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
professional investors                                      188997.SH                                                           40.00      3.40   and payment of       SSE                                           No
                                            Securities C7                 2021                 2021             2024                                                             institutional    request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                            (21招證C7)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
投資者公開發行次級債券（第六期）                                                                                                                                  expiry
（品種一）)

The 2021 Type Two Subordinated
Bonds (sixth tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                          Payment of
                                            21 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                           interest annually,
                                            Merchants                 November 10,         November 11,     November 11,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
professional investors                                      188998.SH                                                           10.00      3.70   and payment of       SSE                                           No
                                            Securities C8                 2021                 2021             2026                                                             institutional    request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司2021年面向專業                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                            (21招證C8)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
投資者公開發行次級債券（第六期）                                                                                                                                  expiry
（品種二）)

 The 2022 Corporate Bonds (first
                                                                                                                                                  Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China          22 China                                                                                                                             Offering to      Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                  interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to          Merchants                     January 14,       January 17,      January 17,                                                         professional     to-trade, quote
                                                            185286.SH                                                           50.00      2.89   and payment of       SSE                                           No
 professional investors                     Securities G1                    2022              2022             2025                                                             institutional    request, auction
                                                                                                                                                  principal upon
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                         (22招證G1)                                                                                                                             investors        and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                  expiry
 公開發行2022年公司債券（第一期）)

 The 2022 Perpetual Subordinated
                                                                                                                                                  Payment of
 Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                            22 China                                                                                              interest annually              Offering to      Matching, click-
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to
                                            Merchants                                                                                             if the option of               professional     to-trade, quote
 professional investors                                     185584.SH March 23, 2022 March 24, 2022               –             43.00      3.95                        SSE                                           No
                                            Securities Y1                                                                                         deferring payment              institutional    request, auction
 (招商證券股份有限公司2022年面向專業
                                            (22招證Y1)                                                                                              of interest is not             investors        and negotiation
 投資者公開發行永續次級債券（第一期）)
 Notes 1 & 2
                                                                                                                                                  exercised

 The 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds
                                                                                                                                                  Payment of
 (second tranche) publicly issued by
                                            22 China                                                                                              interest annually              Offering to      Matching, click-
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to
                                            Merchants                                                                                             if the option of               professional     to-trade, quote
 professional investors                                     185697.SH April 18, 2022       April 19, 2022         –             47.00      3.77                        SSE                                           No
                                            Securities Y2                                                                                         deferring payment              institutional    request, auction
 (招商證券股份有限公司2022年面向專業
                                            (22招證Y2)                                                                                              of interest is not             investors        and negotiation
 投資者公開發行永續次級債券（第二期）)
 Notes 1 & 2
                                                                                                                                                  exercised

 The 2022 Perpetual Subordinated
                                                                                                                                                  Payment of
 Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
                                            22 China                                                                                              interest annually              Offering to      Matching, click-
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to
                                            Merchants                                                                                             if the option of               professional     to-trade, quote
 professional investors                                     185739.SH April 25, 2022       April 26, 2022         –             40.00      3.77                        SSE                                           No
                                            Securities Y3                                                                                         deferring payment              institutional    request, auction
 (招商證券股份有限公司2022年面向專業
                                            (22招證Y3)                                                                                              of interest is not             investors        and negotiation
 投資者公開發行永續次級債券（第三期）)
 Notes 1 & 2
                                                                                                                                                  exercised




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

226
                                                                                                           Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        there is
                                                                                                                                                   Payment of                  Eligibility of
                                                                                                                           Remaining Interest                        Trading                         Trading          any risk of
                 Name                      Abbreviation    Code        Date of issuance    Value date     Date of expiry                          principal and                investors (if
                                                                                                                            balance rate (%)                          place                         mechanism        termination
                                                                                                                                                     interest                      any)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of listing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     and trading

 The 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 (fourth tranche) publicly issued by
                                           22 China                                                                                             interest annually              Offering to        Matching, click-
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to
                                           Merchants                                                                                            if the option of               professional       to-trade, quote
 professional investors                                    185831.SH     June 7, 2022     June 8, 2022          –             20.00      3.72                        SSE                                             No
                                           Securities Y4                                                                                        deferring payment              institutional      request, auction
 (招商證券股份有限公司2022年面向專業
                                           (22招證Y4)                                                                                             of interest is not             investors          and negotiation
 投資者公開發行永續次級債券（第四期）)
 Notes 1 & 2
                                                                                                                                                exercised

 The 2022 Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 tranche) publicly issued by China         22 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to         Merchants                                                                                                                           professional       to-trade, quote
                                                           185393.SH July 25, 2022        July 26, 2022    July 26, 2025      40.00      2.70   and payment of       SSE                                             No
 professional investors                    Securities G2                                                                                                                       institutional      request, auction
                                                                                                                                                principal upon
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                        (22招證G2)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 公開發行2022年公司債券（第二期）)

The 2022 Type One Corporate Bonds
(third tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           22 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                               interest annually,
                                           Merchants                      August 10,       August 11,      February 12,                                                        professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     137653.SH                                                          30.00      2.54   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities G3                    2022             2022             2025                                                             institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                           (22招證G3)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
公開發行2022年公司債券（第三期）                                                                                                                              expiry
（品種一）)

The 2022 Type Two Corporate Bonds
(third tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           22 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                               interest annually,
                                           Merchants                      August 10,       August 11,       August 11,                                                         professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     137654.SH                                                          50.00      2.59   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities G4                    2022             2022             2025                                                             institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司面向專業投資者                                                                                                                              principal upon
                                           (22招證G4)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
公開發行2022年公司債券（第三期）                                                                                                                              expiry
（品種二）)

The 2023 Type One Subordinated
Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           23 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                         interest annually,
                                           Merchants                     February 27,                     September 11,                                                        professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     138979.SH                      March 1, 2023                       14.00      3.45   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities C1                    2023                              2025                                                             institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司2023年面向專業                                                                                                                            principal upon
                                           (23招證C1)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）                                                                                                                                expiry
（品種一）)

The 2023 Type Two Subordinated
Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                        Payment of
                                           23 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to                                                                                                         interest annually,
                                           Merchants                     February 27,                                                                                          professional       to-trade, quote
professional investors                                     138980.SH                      March 1, 2023   March 1, 2026        8.00      3.55   and payment of       SSE                                             No
                                           Securities C2                    2023                                                                                               institutional      request, auction
(招商證券股份有限公司2023年面向專業                                                                                                                            principal upon
                                           (23招證C2)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）                                                                                                                                expiry
（品種二）)

 The 2023 Type One Subordinated Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 (second tranche) publicly issued by       23 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to   Merchants                                                                                                                           professional       to-trade, quote
                                                           115086.SH March 16, 2023 March 17, 2023 March 17, 2025             15.00      3.25   and payment of       SSE                                             No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有           Securities C3                                                                                                                       institutional      request, auction
                                                                                                                                                principal upon
 限公司2023年面向專業投資者公開發行                       (23招證C3)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 次級債券（第二期）（品種一）)

 The 2023 Type Two Subordinated Bonds
                                                                                                                                                Payment of
 (second tranche) publicly issued by       23 China                                                                                                                            Offering to        Matching, click-
                                                                                                                                                interest annually,
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to   Merchants                                                                                                                           professional       to-trade, quote
                                                           115087.SH March 16, 2023 March 17, 2023 March 17, 2026             17.00      3.40   and payment of       SSE                                             No
 professional investors (招商證券股份有           Securities C4                                                                                                                       institutional      request, auction
                                                                                                                                                principal upon
 限公司2023年面向專業投資者公開發行                       (23招證C4)                                                                                                                            investors          and negotiation
                                                                                                                                                expiry
 次級債券（第二期）（品種二）)


                                                                                                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          227
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



Notes:
1.    For perpetual subordinated bonds, the issuer shall have the right of redemption, and (when specific conditions
      are met) the option of redemption and the option of deferring payment of interest. On the fifth and every
      subsequent interest payment date, the issuer shall have the right to redeem the perpetual subordinated bonds
      at the face value plus the interest payable (including all deferred interest and its yield).
2.    The coupon rate for the first five interest-bearing years of the perpetual subordinated bonds is determined
      through bookkeeping and filing, and shall remain unchanged during the first five interest-bearing years. Since
      the sixth interest-bearing year, the coupon rate shall be re-determined every five years. The coupon rate re-
      determined every five years is the benchmark interest rate for the relevant period plus the initial spread plus
      300 basis points. The initial spread is the difference between the coupon rate and the initial benchmark
      interest rate in the first five interest-bearing years.
3.    According to the Administrative Measures for the Eligibility of Investors in the Bond Market of the Shanghai
      Stock Exchange (2022 Revision) (《上海證券交易所債券市場投資者適當性管理辦法（2022年修訂）》), starting
      from May 23, 2022, the scope of eligibility of investors of the Company’s corporate bonds originally publicly
      issued to professional investors has been adjusted to offering only to professional institutional investors.
      Professional individual investors are not allowed to buy the bonds, but can choose to sell or continue to hold
      the bonds bought according to the original rules.


      Payment of bond interest and principal during the Reporting Period


                                                                                       Payment of interest
                                       Name
                                                                                          and principal

 The 2012 Corporate Bonds of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (10-               Full payment of interest in a
 Year Maturity) (招商證券股份有限公司2012年公司債券（10年期）)                                                       timely manner

 The 2014 Corporate Bonds publicly issued by China Merchants Securities              Full payment of interest in a
 Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司公開發行2014年公司債券)                                                              timely manner

 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) of China
                                                                                    Full payment of principal in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級債
                                                                                                  timely manner
 券（第一期）)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (second tranche) of China
                                                                                    Full payment of principal in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級債
                                                                                                  timely manner
 券（第二期）)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (third tranche) of China
                                                                                    Full payment of principal in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級債
                                                                                                  timely manner
 券（第三期）)
 The 2017 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (fourth tranche) of China
                                                                                    Full payment of principal in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司2017年永續次級債
                                                                                                  timely manner
 券（第四期）)
 The 2019 Type Two Non-public Issuance of Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                                    Full payment of principal in a
 tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                                  timely manner
 限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）                   （品種二）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

228
                                                Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                             Payment of interest
                                Name
                                                                                and principal

The 2019 Type Two Non-public Issuance of Corporate Bonds (third
                                                                          Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
限公司2019年非公開發行公司債券（第三期）                   （品種二）)
The 2019 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                          Full payment of principal in a
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to qualified investors (招商證券股份有限公
                                                                                        timely manner
司面向合格投資者公開發行2019年公司債券（第一期）)
The 2020 Type Two Non-public Issuance of Corporate Bonds (second
                                                                          Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第二期）                   （品種二）)
The 2020 Type Two Non-public Issuance of Corporate Bonds (fourth
                                                                          Full payment of principal in a
tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
限公司2020年非公開發行公司債券（第四期）                   （品種二）)
The 2020 Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第一期）)
The 2020 Type One Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
份有限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）                                 （品種一）)
The 2020 Type Two Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
份有限公司2020年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）                                 （品種二）)
The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第二期）                                 （品種二）)
The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                          Full payment of principal in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第三期）                                 （品種一）)
The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第三期）                                 （品種二）)
The 2020 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                          Full payment of principal in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第四期）                                 （品種一）)
The 2020 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2020年公司債券（第四期）                                 （品種二）)
The 2021 Type Three Corporate Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第五期）                                 （品種三）)



                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                    229
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                             Payment of interest
                                       Name
                                                                                and principal

 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第一期）)
 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第二期）)
 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第三期）)
 The 2021 Subordinated Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
 限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第四期）)
 The 2021 Type One Subordinated Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第五期）                                 （品種一）)
 The 2021 Type Two Subordinated Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第五期）                                 （品種二）)
 The 2021 Type One Subordinated Bonds (sixth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第六期）                                 （品種一）)
 The 2021 Type Two Subordinated Bonds (sixth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行次級債券（第六期）                                 （品種二）)
 The 2021 Type One Non-public Issuance of Corporate Bonds (first
                                                                           Full payment of interest and
 tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                           principal in a timely manner
 限公司2021年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）                   （品種一）)
 The 2021 Type Two Non-public Issuance of Corporate Bonds (first
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 tranche) issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
 限公司2021年非公開發行公司債券（第一期）                   （品種二）)
 The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第一期）                                 （品種一）)
 The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                        timely manner
 份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第一期）                                 （品種二）)
 The 2021 Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly issued by China
                                                                           Full payment of interest in a
 Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股份有
                                                                                        timely manner
 限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第二期）)



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

230
                                                Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                              Payment of interest
                                Name
                                                                                 and principal

The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                            Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                         timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第三期）                                 （品種一）)
The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds (third tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                            Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                         timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第三期）                                 （品種二）)
The 2021 Type One Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                            Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                         timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第四期）                                 （品種一）)
The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fourth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                            Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                         timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第四期）                                 （品種二）)
The 2021 Type Two Corporate Bonds (fifth tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                            Full payment of interest in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                         timely manner
份有限公司面向專業投資者公開發行2021年公司債券（第五期）                                 （品種二）)
The 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                           Full payment of principal in a
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors (招商證券股
                                                                                         timely manner
份有限公司2021年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第一期）)
The 2022 Type One Short-term Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors   Full payment of principal in a
(招商證券股份有限公司2022年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第                                                      timely manner
一期）  （品種一）)
The 2022 Type Two Short-term Corporate Bonds (first tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors   Full payment of principal in a
(招商證券股份有限公司2022年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第                                                      timely manner
一期）  （品種二）)
The 2022 Type One Short-term Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors   Full payment of principal in a
(招商證券股份有限公司2022年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第                                                      timely manner
二期）  （品種一）)
The 2022 Type Two Short-term Corporate Bonds (second tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to professional investors   Full payment of principal in a
(招商證券股份有限公司2022年面向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債券（第                                                      timely manner
二期）  （品種二）)




                                                                                       2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                     231
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



2.    Triggering and execution of issuer’s or investor’s option clause or investor protection clause

      Issuer’s option of renewal and issuer’s right of deferring payment of interest are available for “17 China
Merchants Y1”, “17 China Merchants Y2”, “17 China Merchants Y3” and “17 China Merchants Y4” of the
Company. At the end of each repricing cycle of the above bonds, the issuer has the right to choose to extend
the maturity of the bonds for one repricing cycle, or to pay the principal in full. February 17, 2022, March 3,
2022, May 22, 2022 and June 19, 2022 are the respective fifth interest payment date (i.e. the end of the first
repricing cycle) of the above bonds. The Company has not exercised the issuer’s option of renewal and has
paid the principal in full for the above bonds.
      Issuer’s right of redemption (i.e. on the fifth and every subsequent interest payment date of the bonds,
the issuer shall have the right to redeem the bonds at the face value plus the interest payable) and (when
specific conditions are met) issuer’s option of redemption and option of deferring payment of interest are
available for “22 China Merchants Securities Y1”, “22 China Merchants Securities Y2”, “22 China Merchants
Securities Y3” and “22 China Merchants Securities Y4” of the Company. As of the date of this report, the
above bonds have not reached the exercise date of right of redemption, and have not triggered the exercise of
(when specific conditions are met) issuer’s option of redemption and option of deferring payment of interest.
      “22 China Merchants Securities G1”, “22 China Merchants Securities G2”, “22 China Merchants
Securities G3”, “22 China Merchants Securities G4”, “22 China Merchants Securities S1”, “22 China
Merchants Securities S2”, “22 China Merchants Securities S3”, “22 China Merchants Securities S4”, “22
China Merchants Securities Y1”, “22 China Merchants Securities Y2”, “22 China Merchants Securities Y3”,
“22 China Merchants Securities Y4”, “23 China Merchants Securities C1”, “23 China Merchants Securities
C2”, “23 China Merchants Securities C3” and “23 China Merchants Securities C4” of the Company contain
investor protection clauses. During the Reporting Period, such investor protection clauses have not been
triggered. The Company has undertaken that, according to the consolidated financial statements, the
unrestricted cash and bank balances at the end of each semi-annual period during the duration of the above
bonds shall not be less than RMB5 billion. As of the end of 2022, the Company’s own cash and bank balances
amounted to RMB24.249 billion, and the unrestricted cash and bank balances amounted to RMB22.525
billion, which met the undertaken amount.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

232
                                                     Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



3.   Intermediaries providing services for bond issuance and business in period of duration


                                                               Name of
       Name of                                                              Contact        Contact
                                 Office address                 signing
     intermediary                                                           person         number
                                                              accountant

                                                                             WANG
                                                                             Yicong
                                                                            (王一聰)
                         51/F, Tower One, 1266 West                                     021-52523039
 Everbright Securities                                                      GU Yijun
                         Nanjing Road, Jing’an District,          –                     021-52523176
 Co., Ltd.                                                                  (顧藝珺)
                         Shanghai, the PRC                                              021-52523279
                                                                             ZHOU
                                                                           Chengying
                                                                            (周程穎)
                         9/F, Essence Financial Building,
 Essence Securities      119 Fuhua Yi Road, Futian                         XU Yingjie
                                                                  –                     0755-81682808
 Co., Ltd.               Street, Futian District, Shenzhen,                 (徐英傑)
                         Guangdong Province, the PRC

                                                                            CHEN Qu
                         11/F, Qinghai Finance Building,
 China Galaxy                                                                (陳曲)       010-80927231
                         8 Xiying Street, Fengtai District,       –
 Securities Co., Ltd.                                                       XU Jinjun   010-80927270
                         Beijing, the PRC
                                                                            (許進軍)
                                                                              WANG
                         North Tower, Excellence Times                     Chuanzheng
 CITIC Securities        Plaza II, 8 Zhongxin San Road,                      (王傳正)
                                                                  –                     010-60833046
 Company Limited         Futian District, Shenzhen,                           YANG
                         Guangdong Province, the PRC                          Yichen
                                                                             (楊伊晨)
                         22/F-25/F, Block B, Ping An                         ZHOU
                         Financial Center, 5023 Yitian                     Shunqiang
 Ping An Securities
                         Road, Futian Street, Futian              –         (周順強)       0755-33547866
 Company Limited
                         District, Shenzhen, Guangdong                     GUO Jinzhi
                         Province, the PRC                                  (郭錦智)




                                                                                        2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                     233
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                            Name of
      Name of                                                             Contact        Contact
                                   Office address            signing
    intermediary                                                          person         number
                                                           accountant

                                                                         WANG Lixin
                          Room 618, 2 Tengfei 1st
                                                                          (王麗欣)
                          Street, Sino-Singapore
 GF Securities Co.,                                                      WU Xueting
                          Guangzhou Knowledge City,             –                     020-66338971
 Ltd.                                                                     (伍雪婷)
                          Huangpu District, Guangzhou,
                                                                         YE Runxuan
                          Guangdong Province, the PRC
                                                                          (葉潤軒)
                                                                         SU Dunyuan
                          F408, Ocean Building, 158
                                                                           (蘇敦淵)
 Jia Yuan Law Offices     Fuxingmennei Street, Xicheng          –                     0755-82789766
                                                                         WANG Hao
                          District, Beijing, the PRC
                                                                            (王浩)
                                                              HONG
                                                             Ruiming
 Deloitte Touche
                          30/F, Bund Center, 222 Yan An      (洪銳明)         HONG
 Tohmatsu Certified
                          Road East, Huangpu District,      Barry MAN     Ruiming     020-28311202
 Public Accountants
                          Shanghai, the PRC                  (文啟斯)        (洪銳明)
 LLP
                                                           ZHOU Hanlin
                                                             (周瀚林)
                                                                           WANG
 Shanghai Brilliance
                          13/F, Huasheng Building, 398                    Junying
 Credit Rating &
                          Hankou Road, Shanghai, the            –         (王雋穎)       021-63501349
 Investors Service
                          PRC                                             GAO Fei
 Co., Ltd.
                                                                           (高飛)
 China Chengxin           60101, Building 1, 2 Nanzhugan
                                                                         XU Wenbo     010-66428877-
 International Credit     Hutong, Dongcheng District,           –
                                                                          (許文博)       449
 Rating Co., Ltd.         Beijing, the PRC




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

234
                                                                  Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



4.    Use of proceeds as at the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                          Unit: 100 Million Yuan            Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                Rectification     Whether it is
                                                            Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                   of non-      consistent with
                                                             the special      according
                                Gross    Amount   Amount                                        Actual use of    compliant        the purpose,
           Name                                             account for         to the
                              proceeds    used    unused                                          proceeds         use of        plan and other
                                                              proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                  proceeds      commitments in
                                                               (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                   (if any)      the prospectus

 The 2014 Corporate Bonds
 publicly issued by
                                                                                               Supplementing
 China Merchants Securities                                 Operating      Supplementing the
                                55.00     55.00      0.00                                      the working           Nil             Yes
 Co., Ltd.                                                  normally       working capital
                                                                                               capital
 (招商證券股份有限公司公開
 發行2014年公司債券)

 The 2020 Corporate Bonds
 (first tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                                               Supplementing
 Securities Co., Ltd. to                                    Operating      Supplementing the
                                30.00     30.00      0.00                                      the working           Nil             Yes
 professional investors                                     normally       working capital
                                                                                               capital
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2020年
 公司債券（第一期）)

 The 2020 Type Two
 Corporate Bonds (second
 tranche) publicly issued
 by China Merchants                                                                            Supplementing
                                                            Operating      Supplementing the
 Securities Co., Ltd. to        30.00     30.00      0.00                                      the working           Nil             Yes
                                                            normally       working capital
 professional investors                                                                        capital
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2020年
 公司債券（第二期）         （品種二）)

 The 2020 Type Two
 Corporate Bonds (third
 tranche) publicly issued
 by China Merchants                                                                            Supplementing
                                                            Operating      Supplementing the
 Securities Co., Ltd. to        29.00     29.00      0.00                                      the working           Nil             Yes
                                                            normally       working capital
 professional investors                                                                        capital
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2020年
 公司債券（第三期）         （品種二）)




                                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                           235
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                       Rectification     Whether it is
                                                                 Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                          of non-      consistent with
                                                                  the special      according
                                     Gross    Amount   Amount                                          Actual use of    compliant        the purpose,
             Name                                                account for         to the
                                   proceeds    used    unused                                            proceeds         use of        plan and other
                                                                   proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                         proceeds      commitments in
                                                                    (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                          (if any)      the prospectus

 The 2020 Type Two
 Corporate Bonds
 (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants                                                                            Supplementing
                                                                 Operating      Supplementing the
 Securities Co., Ltd. to             10.00     10.00      0.00                                        the working           Nil             Yes
                                                                 normally       working capital
 professional investors                                                                               capital
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2020年
 公司債券（第四期）         （品種二）)

 The 2020 Type One
                                                                                Meeting the
 Subordinated Bonds
                                                                                needs of business
 (first tranche) publicly issued
                                                                                operations,
 by China Merchants                                                                                   Supplementing
                                                                 Operating      adjusting the debt
 Securities Co., Ltd. to             44.30     44.30      0.00                                        the working           Nil             Yes
                                                                 normally       structure, repaying
 professional investors                                                                               capital
                                                                                due debts, and
 (招商證券股份有限公司2020
                                                                                supplementing the
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
                                                                                working capital
 次級債券（第一期）         （品種一）)

 The 2020 Type Two
                                                                                Meeting the
 Subordinated Bonds
                                                                                needs of business
 (first tranche) publicly
                                                                                operations,
 issued by China Merchants                                                                            Supplementing
                                                                 Operating      adjusting the debt
 Securities Co., Ltd. to             10.70     10.70      0.00                                        the working           Nil             Yes
                                                                 normally       structure, repaying
 professional investors                                                                               capital
                                                                                due debts, and
 (招商證券股份有限公司2020
                                                                                supplementing the
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
                                                                                working capital
 次級債券（第一期）         （品種二）)

 The 2021 Type One
 Corporate Bonds
 (first tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants                                                                            Supplementing
                                                                 Operating      Supplementing the
 Securities Co., Ltd. to             15.00     15.00      0.00                                        the working           Nil             Yes
                                                                 normally       working capital
 professional investors                                                                               capital
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2021年
 公司債券（第一期）         （品種一）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

236
                                                                  Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                Rectification     Whether it is
                                                            Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                   of non-      consistent with
                                                             the special      according
                                Gross    Amount   Amount                                        Actual use of    compliant        the purpose,
          Name                                              account for         to the
                              proceeds    used    unused                                          proceeds         use of        plan and other
                                                              proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                  proceeds      commitments in
                                                               (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                   (if any)      the prospectus

The 2021 Type Two
Corporate Bonds (first
tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities                                                                     Supplementing
                                                            Operating      Supplementing the
Co., Ltd. to professional       45.00     45.00      0.00                                      the working           Nil             Yes
                                                            normally       working capital
investors                                                                                      capital
(招商證券股份有限公司面向
專業投資者公開發行2021年
公司債券（第一期）         （品種二）)

The 2021 Corporate Bonds
(second tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                                                               Supplementing
Securities Co., Ltd. to                                     Operating      Supplementing the
                                14.00     14.00      0.00                                      the working           Nil             Yes
professional investors                                      normally       working capital
                                                                                               capital
(招商證券股份有限公司面向
專業投資者公開發行2021年
公司債券（第二期）)

The 2021 Type One
Corporate Bonds (third
tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities
                                                            Operating      Repaying due        Repaying due
Co., Ltd. to professional       20.00     20.00      0.00                                                            Nil             Yes
                                                            normally       debts               debts
investors
(招商證券股份有限公司面向
專業投資者公開發行2021年
公司債券（第三期）         （品種一）)

The 2021 Type Two
Corporate Bonds
(third tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
                                                            Operating      Repaying due        Repaying due
Securities Co., Ltd. to         40.00     40.00      0.00                                                            Nil             Yes
                                                            normally       debts               debts
professional investors
(招商證券股份有限公司面向
專業投資者公開發行2021年
公司債券（第三期）         （品種二）)




                                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                           237
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                     Rectification     Whether it is
                                                              Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                        of non-      consistent with
                                                               the special      according
                                  Gross    Amount   Amount                                          Actual use of     compliant        the purpose,
            Name                                              account for         to the
                                proceeds    used    unused                                            proceeds          use of        plan and other
                                                                proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                       proceeds      commitments in
                                                                 (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                        (if any)      the prospectus

 The 2021 Type One
 Corporate Bonds
 (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                              Operating      Repaying due          Repaying due
 Securities Co., Ltd. to          20.00     20.00      0.00                                                               Nil             Yes
                                                              normally       debts                 debts
 professional investors
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2021年
 公司債券（第四期）         （品種一）)

 The 2021 Type Two
 Corporate Bonds
 (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                              Operating      Repaying due          Repaying due
 Securities Co., Ltd. to          43.00     43.00      0.00                                                               Nil             Yes
                                                              normally       debts                 debts
 professional investors
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2021年
 公司債券（第四期）         （品種二）)

 The 2021 Type Two                                                                                 RMB2.7 billion
                                                                             Meeting the
 Corporate Bonds                                                                                   have been
                                                                             needs of business
 (fifth tranche) publicly                                                                          used to repay
                                                                             operations,
 issued by China Merchants                                                                         due debts, and
                                                              Operating      adjusting the debt
 Securities Co., Ltd. to          50.00     50.00      0.00                                        RMB2.3 billion         Nil             Yes
                                                              normally       structure, repaying
 professional investors                                                                            have been used
                                                                             due debts, and
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向                                                                                     to supplement
                                                                             supplementing the
 專業投資者公開發行2021年                                                                                    the working
                                                                             working capital
 公司債券（第五期）         （品種二）)                                                                          capital

 The 2021 Type Three
                                                                             Meeting the
 Corporate Bonds (fifth
                                                                             needs of business
 tranche) publicly issued by
                                                                             operations,
 China Merchants Securities                                                                        Supplementing
                                                              Operating      adjusting the debt
 Co., Ltd. to professional        20.00     20.00      0.00                                        the working            Nil             Yes
                                                              normally       structure, repaying
 investors                                                                                         capital
                                                                             due debts, and
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
                                                                             supplementing the
 專業投資者公開發行2021年
                                                                             working capital
 公司債券（第五期）         （品種三）)

 The 2021 Type Two Non-
 public Issuance of Corporate
                                                                             Repaying due          Repaying due
 Bonds (first tranche)
                                                                             corporate bonds       corporate bonds
 issued by China Merchants                                    Operating
                                  75.00     75.00      0.00                  and other             and other              Nil             Yes
 Securities Co., Ltd.                                         normally
                                                                             debt financing        debt financing
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021
                                                                             instruments           instruments
 年非公開發行公司債券（第一
 期） （品種二）)



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

238
                                                                     Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                     Rectification     Whether it is
                                                               Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                        of non-      consistent with
                                                                the special      according
                                   Gross    Amount   Amount                                          Actual use of    compliant        the purpose,
            Name                                               account for         to the
                                 proceeds    used    unused                                            proceeds         use of        plan and other
                                                                 proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                       proceeds      commitments in
                                                                  (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                        (if any)      the prospectus

The 2021 Subordinated                                                         Meeting the
Bonds (first tranche) publicly                                                needs of business
issued by China Merchants                                                     operations,
                                                                                                    Supplementing
Securities Co., Ltd. to                                        Operating      adjusting the debt
                                   48.00     48.00      0.00                                        the working           Nil             Yes
professional investors                                         normally       structure, repaying
                                                                                                    capital
(招商證券股份有限公司2021                                                               due debts, and
年面向專業投資者公開發行                                                                  supplementing the
次級債券（第一期）)                                                                    working capital

The 2021 Subordinated                                                         Meeting the
Bonds (second tranche)                                                        needs of business
publicly issued by China                                                      operations,
                                                                                                    Supplementing
Merchants Securities Co.,                                      Operating      adjusting the debt
                                   60.00     60.00      0.00                                        the working           Nil             Yes
Ltd. to professional investors                                 normally       structure, repaying
                                                                                                    capital
(招商證券股份有限公司2021                                                               due debts, and
年面向專業投資者公開發行                                                                  supplementing the
次級債券（第二期）)                                                                    working capital

The 2021 Subordinated
Bonds (third tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. to                                        Operating      Repaying due          Repaying due
                                   60.00     60.00      0.00                                                              Nil             Yes
professional investors                                         normally       debts                 debts
(招商證券股份有限公司2021
年面向專業投資者公開發行
次級債券（第三期）)

The 2021 Subordinated
Bonds (fourth tranche)
publicly issued by China
                                                                                                    Supplementing
Merchants Securities Co.,                                      Operating      Supplementing the
                                   30.00     30.00      0.00                                        the working           Nil             Yes
Ltd. to professional investors                                 normally       working capital
                                                                                                    capital
(招商證券股份有限公司2021
年面向專業投資者公開發行
次級債券（第四期）)

The 2021 Type One
Subordinated Bonds (fifth
tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities                                                                          Supplementing
                                                               Operating      Supplementing the
Co., Ltd. to professional          27.00     27.00      0.00                                        the working           Nil             Yes
                                                               normally       working capital
investors                                                                                           capital
(招商證券股份有限公司2021
年面向專業投資者公開發行
次級債券（第五期）         （品種一）)




                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                239
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                   Rectification     Whether it is
                                                             Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                      of non-      consistent with
                                                              the special      according
                                 Gross    Amount   Amount                                        Actual use of      compliant        the purpose,
           Name                                              account for         to the
                               proceeds    used    unused                                          proceeds           use of        plan and other
                                                               proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                     proceeds      commitments in
                                                                (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                      (if any)      the prospectus

 The 2021 Type Two
 Subordinated Bonds (fifth
 tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities                                                                     Supplementing
                                                             Operating      Supplementing the
 Co., Ltd. to professional       20.00     20.00      0.00                                      the working             Nil             Yes
                                                             normally       working capital
 investors                                                                                      capital
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
 次級債券（第五期）         （品種二）)

 The 2021 Type One
 Subordinated Bonds (sixth
 tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities
                                                             Operating      Repaying due        Repaying due
 Co., Ltd. to professional       40.00     40.00      0.00                                                              Nil             Yes
                                                             normally       corporate bonds     corporate bonds
 investors
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
 次級債券（第六期）         （品種一）)

 The 2021 Type Two
 Subordinated Bonds (sixth
 tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities
                                                             Operating      Repaying due        Repaying due
 Co., Ltd. to professional       10.00     10.00      0.00                                                              Nil             Yes
                                                             normally       corporate bonds     corporate bonds
 investors
 (招商證券股份有限公司2021
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
 次級債券（第六期）         （品種二）)

 The 2022 Corporate Bonds
 (first tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                            Repaying the        Repaying the
 Securities Co., Ltd. to                                     Operating
                                 50.00     50.00      0.00                  principal of due    principal of due        Nil             Yes
 professional investors                                      normally
                                                                            corporate bonds     corporate bonds
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2022年
 公司債券（第一期）)

 The 2022 Corporate Bonds
 (second tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants
                                                                            Repaying the        Repaying the
 Securities Co., Ltd. to                                     Operating
                                 40.00     40.00      0.00                  principal of due    principal of due        Nil             Yes
 professional investors                                      normally
                                                                            corporate bonds     corporate bonds
 (招商證券股份有限公司面向
 專業投資者公開發行2022年
 公司債券（第二期）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

240
                                                                      Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                     Rectification     Whether it is
                                                                Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                        of non-      consistent with
                                                                 the special      according
                                    Gross    Amount   Amount                                       Actual use of      compliant        the purpose,
            Name                                                account for         to the
                                  proceeds    used    unused                                         proceeds           use of        plan and other
                                                                  proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                       proceeds      commitments in
                                                                   (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                        (if any)      the prospectus

The 2022 Type One
Corporate Bonds
(third tranche) publicly issued
by China Merchants                                                             Repaying the       Repaying the
                                                                Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to             30.00     30.00      0.00                  principal of due   principal of due        Nil             Yes
                                                                normally
professional investors                                                         corporate bonds    corporate bonds
(招商證券股份有限公司面向
專業投資者公開發行2022年
公司債券（第三期）         （品種一）)

The 2022 Type Two
Corporate Bonds
(third tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants                                                      Repaying the       Repaying the
                                                                Operating
Securities Co., Ltd. to             50.00     50.00      0.00                  principal of due   principal of due        Nil             Yes
                                                                normally
professional investors                                                         corporate bonds    corporate bonds
(招商證券股份有限公司面向
專業投資者公開發行2022年
公司債券（第三期）         （品種二）)

The 2022 Type One Short-
term Corporate Bonds
(first tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. to                                         Operating      Repaying due       Repaying due
                                    10.00     10.00      0.00                                                             Nil             Yes
professional investors                                          normally       debts              debts
(招商證券股份有限公司2022
年面向專業投資者公開發行
短期公司債券（第一期）
（品種一）)

The 2022 Type Two Short-
term Corporate Bonds
(first tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. to                                         Operating      Repaying due       Repaying due
                                    20.00     20.00      0.00                                                             Nil             Yes
professional investors                                          normally       debts              debts
(招商證券股份有限公司2022
年面向專業投資者公開發行
短期公司債券（第一期）
（品種二）)




                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                241
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                  Rectification     Whether it is
                                                             Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                     of non-      consistent with
                                                              the special      according
                                 Gross    Amount   Amount                                       Actual use of      compliant        the purpose,
           Name                                              account for         to the
                               proceeds    used    unused                                         proceeds           use of        plan and other
                                                               proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                    proceeds      commitments in
                                                                (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                     (if any)      the prospectus

The 2022 Type One Short-
term Corporate Bonds
(second tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. to                                      Operating      Repaying due       Repaying due
                                 26.00     26.00      0.00                                                             Nil             Yes
professional investors                                       normally       debts              debts
(招商證券股份有限公司2022
年面向專業投資者公開發行
短期公司債券（第二期）
（品種一）)

The 2022 Type Two Short-
term Corporate Bonds
(second tranche) publicly
issued by China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. to                                      Operating      Repaying due       Repaying due
                                 10.00     10.00      0.00                                                             Nil             Yes
professional investors                                       normally       debts              debts
(招商證券股份有限公司2022
年面向專業投資者公開發行
短期公司債券（第二期）
（品種二）)

 The 2022 Perpetual
 Subordinated Bonds (first
 tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities                                                 Repaying the       Repaying the
                                                             Operating
 Co., Ltd. to professional       43.00     43.00      0.00                  principal of due   principal of due        Nil             Yes
                                                             normally
 investors                                                                  corporate bonds    corporate bonds
 (招商證券股份有限公司2022
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
 永續次級債券（第一期）)

 The 2022 Perpetual
 Subordinated Bonds (second
 tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities                                                 Repaying the       Repaying the
                                                             Operating
 Co., Ltd. to professional       47.00     47.00      0.00                  principal of due   principal of due        Nil             Yes
                                                             normally
 investors                                                                  corporate bonds    corporate bonds
 (招商證券股份有限公司2022
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
 永續次級債券（第二期）)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

242
                                                                    Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                   Rectification     Whether it is
                                                              Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                      of non-      consistent with
                                                               the special      according
                                 Gross    Amount    Amount                                       Actual use of      compliant        the purpose,
           Name                                               account for         to the
                               proceeds    used     unused                                         proceeds           use of        plan and other
                                                                proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                     proceeds      commitments in
                                                                 (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                      (if any)      the prospectus

 The 2022 Perpetual
 Subordinated Bonds
 (third tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants                                                   Repaying the       Repaying the
                                                              Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to         40.00     40.00       0.00                  principal of due   principal of due        Nil             Yes
                                                              normally
 professional investors                                                      corporate bonds    corporate bonds
 (招商證券股份有限公司2022
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
 永續次級債券（第三期）)

 The 2022 Perpetual
 Subordinated Bonds
 (fourth tranche) publicly
 issued by China Merchants                                                   Repaying the       Repaying the
                                                              Operating
 Securities Co., Ltd. to         20.00     20.00       0.00                  principal of due   principal of due        Nil             Yes
                                                              normally
 professional investors                                                      corporate bonds    corporate bonds
 (招商證券股份有限公司2022
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
 永續次級債券（第四期）)

The 2023 Type One
Subordinated Bonds (first
tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities
                                                              Operating      Repaying due       Repaying due
Co., Ltd. to professional        14.00     14.00       0.00                                                             Nil             Yes
                                                              normally       corporate bonds    corporate bonds
investors (招商證券股份有限
公司2023年面向專業投資者
公開發行次級債券（第一期）
（品種一）)

The 2023 Type Two
Subordinated Bonds (first
tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities
                                                              Operating      Repaying due       Repaying due
Co., Ltd. to professional          8.00      8.00      0.00                                                             Nil             Yes
                                                              normally       corporate bonds    corporate bonds
investors (招商證券股份有限
公司2023年面向專業投資者
公開發行次級債券（第一期）
（品種二）)

 The 2023 Type One
 Subordinated Bonds (second
 tranche) publicly issued by
 China Merchants Securities
                                                              Operating      Repaying due       Repaying due
 Co., Ltd. to professional       15.00     15.00       0.00                                                             Nil             Yes
                                                              normally       corporate bonds    corporate bonds
 investors
 (招商證券股份有限公司2023
 年面向專業投資者公開發行
 次級債券（第二期）         （品種一）)

                                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              243
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds




                                                                                                                     Rectification     Whether it is
                                                                Operation of   Use of proceeds
                                                                                                                        of non-      consistent with
                                                                 the special      according
                                Gross    Amount     Amount                                        Actual use of       compliant        the purpose,
           Name                                                 account for         to the
                              proceeds    used      unused                                          proceeds            use of        plan and other
                                                                  proceeds     commitments in
                                                                                                                       proceeds      commitments in
                                                                   (if any)     the prospectus
                                                                                                                        (if any)      the prospectus

The 2023 Type Two
Subordinated Bonds (second
tranche) publicly issued by
China Merchants Securities
                                                                Operating      Repaying due      Repaying due
Co., Ltd. to professional       17.00      17.00       0.00                                                               Nil              Yes
                                                                normally       corporate bonds   corporate bonds
investors (招商證券股份有限
公司2023年面向專業投資者
公開發行次級債券（第二期）
（品種二）)


    During the Reporting Period, there was no adjustment to or change in the use of proceeds from the
above bonds.


5.    Execution of and changes in guarantees, debt repayment plans and other repayment guarantee
      measures during the Reporting Period and their impacts


                                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                                                       Impact of
                                                                                                                   the change
                                                                    Whether                                                           the change
                                                                                                   Reason           has been
                                                                     there        Status upon                                        on the rights
         Current status                    Execution                                               for the          approved
                                                                     is any         change                                           and interests
                                                                                                   change            by the
                                                                    change                                                              of bond
                                                                                                                   competent
                                                                                                                                       investors
                                                                                                                    authority
                                     The Company has
 None of the surviving               strictly executed the
 corporate bonds of the              commitments on debt
 Company is guaranteed, and          repayment plans and
 the debt repayment plans are        repayment guarantee
 implemented in accordance           measures in the
 with the commitments in the         prospectus, paid the
 prospectus. The repayment           interest and principal
 guarantee measures include          of corporate bonds in a
 engaging a trustee-manager,         timely manner, disclosed
                                                                  No             N/A             N/A               N/A               N/A
 formulating the Bondholders’        relevant information
 Meeting Rules, setting up a         in a timely manner,
 special repayment working           and safeguarded the
 group, improving profitability,     legitimate rights and
 optimizing asset and liability      interests of investors.
 structure, strictly fulfilling      The relevant plans and
 information disclosure              measures are consistent
 obligations and maintaining         with the relevant
 strong shareholder support.         commitments in the
                                     prospectus.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

244
                                                                              Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



6.       Other information on corporate bonds

(1)      Total interest-bearing liabilities, year-on-year changes and types of interest-bearing liabilities
         as at the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan, %              Currency: RMB

                                                        Parent company                                                    Consolidated
                                           December             December            Percentage             December             December           Percentage
 Type of liability                          31, 2022             31, 2021            of change              31, 2022             31, 2021           of change
 Short-term borrowings                              –                     –                  –    10,608,901,887.02       5,248,005,983.09             102.15
 Short-term debt instruments        25,113,020,712.83    26,539,981,925.30               -5.38    25,147,998,691.61      26,935,839,064.49              -6.64
 Placements from banks and other
                                    10,802,438,466.70     6,743,717,383.90               60.19    10,802,438,466.70       6,743,717,383.90              60.19
 financial institutions
 Financial assets sold under
                                   116,558,515,908.44   124,305,438,041.02               -6.23   120,805,473,266.38     127,417,730,458.56              -5.19
 repurchase agreements
 Long-term borrowings                               –                     –                  –       1,163,140,747.44      980,181,988.83               18.67
 Bonds payable                     131,140,406,742.39   143,122,625,166.26               -8.37   134,627,741,792.54     146,313,957,294.30              -7.99
 Total                             283,614,381,830.36   300,711,762,516.48               -5.69   303,155,694,851.69     313,639,432,173.17              -3.34

          Note: As at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, the perpetual subordinated bonds of the parent
                company and on a consolidated basis both amounted to RMB15 billion, which are classified as equity
                instruments and are not included in interest-bearing liabilities. For details, please see “Other equity
                instruments” in “Chapter 9: Financial Report” of this report.


(2)      Maturity of interest-bearing liabilities as at the end of the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan, %              Currency: RMB

                                                              Parent company                                               Consolidated
 Type of liability                                 Within one year                Over one year              Within one year                  Over one year
 Short-term borrowings                                                –                          –         10,608,901,887.02                               –
 Short-term debt instruments                     25,113,020,712.83                               –         25,147,998,691.61                               –
 Placements from banks and other
                                                 10,802,438,466.70                               –         10,802,438,466.70                               –
 financial institutions
 Financial assets sold under
                                               116,558,515,908.44                                –       120,805,473,266.38                                –
 repurchase agreements
 Long-term borrowings                                                 –                          –             895,159,747.44                267,981,000.00
 Bonds payable                                   63,207,846,696.34             67,932,560,046.05           63,221,045,193.73             71,406,696,598.81
 Total                                         215,681,821,784.31              67,932,560,046.05         231,481,017,252.88              71,674,677,598.81
 Proportion                                                     76.05                        23.95                        76.36                       23.64

          Note: As at December 31, 2022, the perpetual subordinated bonds of the parent company and on a
                consolidated basis both amounted to RMB15 billion, and the maturities were both over one year. For
                details, please see “Other equity instruments” in “Chapter 9: Financial Report” of this report.


                                                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                       245
Chapter 8: Relevant Information of Bonds



(II)   Accounting data and financial indicators for the last two years as at the end of the Reporting
       Period

                                                                             Unit: 100 Million Yuan    Currency: RMB

                                                                                 Year-on-year       Reason for the
 Key indicators                                 2022                  2021
                                                                                  change (%)           change

 Net profit attributable
 to shareholders of the
 Company after deduction                       81.81               115.87                 -29.39            –
 of non-recurring profit or
 loss

 Current ratio                                   1.51                 1.76                -13.96            –

 Quick ratio                                     1.51                 1.76                -13.96            –

 Gearing ratio (%)                             77.19                 77.37                 -0.23            –

 EBITDA/debt ratio                               5.08                 6.88                -26.13            –

 Interest coverage ratio                         1.96                 2.47                -20.39            –

                                                                                                    Attributable to
                                                                                                     the change in
                                                                                                     net cash flow
 Cash interest coverage
                                                 7.57                -5.30                   N/A    from operating
 ratio
                                                                                                     activities from
                                                                                                    net outflow to
                                                                                                       net inflow

 EBITDA/interest coverage
                                                 2.04                 2.53                -19.45            –
 ratio

 Loan repayment ratio (%)                     100.00               100.00                       –           –

 Interest payment ratio (%)                   100.00               100.00                       –           –

       Note:
       Gearing ratio = (Total liabilities – Accounts payables to brokerage clients)/(Total assets – Accounts payables to
       brokerage clients).




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

246
                                                            Chapter 9: Financial Report


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA MERCHANTS SECURITIES CO., LTD.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 253 to 399, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2022, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and
its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          247
Chapter 9: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

  Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

  1.    Determination of consolidation scope of structured entities

  We identified the determination of consolidation        Our procedures in relation to the determination of
  scope of structured entities as a key audit matter      consolidation scope of structured entities included:
  due to the significant judgment applied by the          •    Understanding the key controls of management
  management in determining whether a structured               in determining the consolidation scope as set out
  entity was required to be consolidated by the                in IFRS 10 of interests in structured entities and
  Group and the significance of the impact arising             evaluating the effectiveness of these controls;
  from consolidating these structured entities to the
                                                          •    Examining, on a sample basis, the related
  Group’s consolidated financial statements as a
                                                               in vestment co ntracts an d o th er related
  whole.
                                                               service agreements of significant structured
  The Group held a number of interests in structured           entities to determine whether management’s
  entities including investment funds, collective asset        conclusion as to whether or not a structured
  management schemes, trust schemes and limited                entity was required to be consolidated by the
  partnerships where the Group was involved as                 Group was in accordance with IFRS 10; and
  investment manager or investor. As disclosed in
                                                          •    Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy of
  note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,
                                                               management’s calculations of the Group’s
  the management applied judgment in determining
                                                               exposure or right to variable returns from its
  whether these investments should be consolidated
                                                               involvement with the structured entities and
  in accordance with International Financial
                                                               examining the data used in these calculations
  Reporting Standard 10: Consolidated Financial
                                                               by reference to the related contracts.
  Statements (“IFRS 10”) by determining i) whether
  the Group had power over these investees, and
  ii) whether the combination of investments it
  held, if any, together with its remuneration
  and credit enhancement created exposure to
  variability of returns from the activities of the
  asset management schemes, investment funds and
  limited partnerships that was of such significance
  that it indicated that the Group had control.
  As disclosed in notes 21 and 23, as at December
  31, 2022, the total assets of the consolidated
  structured entities amounted to RMB22,474
  million and the total assets of the unconsolidated
  structured entities sponsored by the Group
  amounted to RMB343,388 million, respectively.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

248
                                                                      Chapter 9: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 2.   Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) for advances to customers and stock-pledged
      repurchase agreements under financial assets held under resale agreements

 We identified the measurement of ECL for              Our procedures in relation to the measurement of
 the Group’s financial assets of credit business       ECL for financial assets of credit business included:
 (advances to customers and stock-pledged              •    Understanding the key controls relating to
 repurchase agreements under financial assets held          the measurement of ECL for advances to
 under resale agreements) as a key audit matter             customers and stock-pledged repurchase
 due to the significance of these assets to the             agreements and evaluating the effectiveness
 Group’s consolidated financial statements and the          of these controls;
 significant management estimates and judgment
                                                       •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the ECL
 required in the measurement.
                                                            model and the critical assumptions and
 As set out in note 62(2) to the consolidated               parameters used in the model, in particular,
 financial statements, the measurement involved             loss rate, with the involvement of our internal
 significant management estimates and judgment              experts;
 in the following key areas:
                                                       •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria
 •    Determination of the criteria for significant         for SICR and financial assets that are credit
      increase in credit risk (“SICR”) and financial        impaired determined by management and,
      assets that are credit impaired;                      on a sample basis, testing the application
 •    Use of models and assumptions;                        of criteria for SICR and financial assets that
 •    Determination of loss rate.                           are credit impaired to individual advances
                                                            to customers and stock-pledged repurchase
 The high degree of estimation uncertainty of the
                                                            agreements;
 ECL had a significant impact on the carrying values
 of these assets, which in aggregate amounted to       •    Examining the correctness of major inputs to
 RMB94,926 million and constituted appropriately            the ECL model for selected samples, including
 15.52% of the total assets of the Group as at              exposure at default and loss rate; and
 December 31, 2022.                                    •    For credit-impaired financial assets, on a
 As at December 31, 2022, the Group recognized              sample basis, assessing the reasonableness of
 expected credit losses of RMB245 million for               expected credit losses made by management
 advances to customers; RMB886 million for stock-           based on the estimated future cash flows by
 pledged repurchase agreements; as disclosed in             reference to the latest collateral valuations, as
 notes 29 and 26 to the consolidated financial              appropriate.
 statements, respectively.




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         249
Chapter 9: Financial Report



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

  Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

  3.    Valuations of financial assets classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3

  We identified the valuations of financial assets         Our procedures in relation to the valuations of
  classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3     Level 3 financial assets included:
  (“Level 3 financial assets”) as a key audit matter       •     Understanding the key controls over the
  due to the significant management estimates                    valuation process for Level 3 financial assets
  and judgments arising from the involvement of                  and evaluating the effectiveness of these
  significant unobservable inputs in their valuations.           controls;
  As disclosed in note 63 to the consolidated              •     Evaluating the appropriateness of the
  financial statements, the fair value of the Group’s            valuation models used by the management
  Level 3 financial assets amounted to RMB12,595                 for Level 3 financial assets, based on our
  million as at December 31, 2022. Level 3 financial             knowledge of current industry practice;
  assets were measured using valuation models that
                                                           •     On a sample basis, reading the investment
  involved a number of inputs; some of significant
                                                                 agreements, to understand the relevant
  inputs were not based on observable market
                                                                 investment terms, identifying any conditions
  data, including volatility and discount for lack of
                                                                 that were relevant to the valuations of these
  marketability, etc.
                                                                 financial assets and assessing the application
                                                                 in the valuation;
                                                           •     Evaluating, on a sample basis, the
                                                                 appropriateness of the unobservable and
                                                                 observable inputs which are significant,
                                                                 used for measuring the fair value of Level 3
                                                                 financial assets; and
                                                           •     Performing independent valuations of Level
                                                                 3 financial assets, on a sample basis, and
                                                                 comparing these valuations with the Group’s
                                                                 valuations, with the involvement of our
                                                                 valuation experts, as appropriate.



Other Information

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon.
     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears
to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

250
                                                                         Chapter 9: Financial Report



Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal controls as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.
     As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
          whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
          obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
          of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
          error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
          override of internal control.
     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
          procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
          opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
          estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           251
Chapter 9: Financial Report



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued)

      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
           and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
           or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
           If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
           report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
           inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
           to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
           cease to continue as a going concern.
      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
           including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
           underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
      •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
           We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
           solely responsible for our audit opinion.
     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.
     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Woo King Wa.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
March 24, 2023
      The independent auditor’s report and the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
notes have been issued in English. The Chinese version is used as a translated version for reference only. In the
event of any discrepancy in the interpretation between the English version and Chinese version, the English
version shall prevail.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

252
                                                     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                            Year ended December 31,

                                                                 Notes             2022              2021

Fee and commission income                                           7       11,916,981        15,304,295

Interest income                                                     8       10,668,243        11,342,235

Investment gains or losses, net                                     9        5,115,011         9,454,795

Other income and gains or losses, net                              10        1,635,565         4,241,097

Total revenue, other income and gains                                       29,335,800        40,342,422

Depreciation and amortization                                      11          (697,543)         (645,607)

Staff costs                                                        12        (5,802,870)       (8,315,756)

Fee and commission expenses                                        13        (2,449,716)       (2,835,270)

Interest expenses                                                  14        (9,326,511)       (9,649,572)

Tax and surcharges                                                             (125,696)         (169,923)

Other operating expenses                                           15        (3,756,057)       (6,246,319)

Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal                                                  16          (300,543)         (373,061)

Other impairment losses, net                                                     (6,915)           (3,318)

Total expenses                                                             (22,465,851)      (28,238,826)

Share of results of associates                                               1,661,711         1,600,257

Profit before income tax                                                     8,531,660        13,703,853

Income tax expenses                                                17          (452,454)       (2,046,045)

Profit for the year                                                          8,079,206        11,657,808

Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company                                                8,072,319        11,645,065

  Non-controlling interests                                                       6,887            12,743

                                                                             8,079,206        11,657,808

Earnings per share attributable to shareholders of
  the Company (Expressed in RMB per share)                         18

— Basic and diluted                                                                0.86              1.25

   The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                       253
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                             Year ended December 31,

                                                                                    2022              2021

  Profit for the year                                                          8,079,206         11,657,808

  Other comprehensive income (expense):

  Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

  Equity instruments designated as at fair value through
    other comprehensive income:

    Net fair value changes during the year                                      (296,999)          (220,830)

    Income tax impact                                                             72,090            60,834

    Sub-total                                                                   (224,909)          (159,996)

  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

  Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income:

    Net fair value changes during the year                                      (376,209)           74,805

    Reclassification adjustment to profit or loss                                172,275              5,827

    Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal          (15,180)             3,697

    Income tax impact                                                             52,198            (25,534)

    Sub-total                                                                   (166,916)           58,795

  Share of other comprehensive income of associates,
    net of related income tax                                                      2,493              9,153

  Exchange differences arising from translation of foreign operations            465,470           (184,320)

  Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year (net of tax)                  76,138           (276,368)

  Total comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)                         8,155,344         11,381,440

  Attributable to:

    Shareholders of the Company                                                8,148,457         11,368,697

    Non-controlling interests                                                      6,887            12,743

                                                                               8,155,344         11,381,440

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

254
                                               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                  As at December 31, 2022
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                   Notes             2022              2021

Non-current assets

Property and equipment                                               19        1,549,043         1,480,506

Right-of-use assets                                                  20        1,556,646         1,643,651

Goodwill                                                                            9,671             9,671

Other intangible assets                                                            42,611            35,602

Interests in associates                                              22       10,745,849         9,648,858

Equity instruments at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                         24        1,628,336         1,409,254

Debt instruments at amortized cost                                   25            20,411          164,506

Financial assets held under resale agreements                        26          125,199           665,863

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                32        9,778,342        10,577,488

Deferred tax assets                                                  27        1,832,205         1,561,415

Other non-current assets                                             28          593,169           747,041

Total non-current assets                                                      27,881,482        27,943,855

Current assets

Advances to customers                                                29       81,541,116        98,686,506

Current tax assets                                                               440,274           139,954

Accounts and other receivables                                       30        5,820,413         5,260,246

Debt instruments at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                         31       60,888,528        40,582,323

Debt instruments at amortized cost                                   25          539,149           953,120

Financial assets held under resale agreements                        26       49,455,546        38,532,729

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                32      231,997,648       254,766,790

Derivative financial assets                                          33        3,664,686         3,204,641

Other current assets                                                               37,646          197,539

Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions          34       12,213,224        13,141,791

Clearing settlement funds                                            35       23,804,906        25,873,373

Cash and bank balances                                               36      113,377,264        87,938,261

Total current assets                                                         583,780,400       569,277,273

Total assets                                                                 611,661,882       597,221,128

   The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         255
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
As at December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                     Notes          2022              2021
  Current liabilities
  Short-term borrowings                                               38      10,608,902          5,248,006
  Short-term debt instruments                                         39      25,147,999         26,935,839
  Placements from banks and other financial institutions              40      10,802,438          6,743,717
  Accounts payables to brokerage clients                              41     106,377,654         99,605,342
  Accrued staff costs                                                 42       6,461,381          8,059,301
  Other payables and accrued charges                                  43      27,538,471         32,690,883
  Current tax liabilities                                                        181,858           553,519
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss          44      46,371,940         21,320,342
  Derivative financial liabilities                                    33       2,875,039          4,616,992
  Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                   45     120,805,473     127,417,730
  Lease liabilities                                                   46         330,846           321,889
  Contract liabilities                                                            63,808                 —
  Provisions                                                                      86,314           128,144
  Long-term borrowings due within one year                            51         895,160               642
  Bonds payables due within one year                                  53      63,221,046         32,920,742
  Total current liabilities                                                  421,768,329     366,563,088
  Net current assets                                                         162,012,071     202,714,185
  Total assets less current liabilities                                      189,893,553     230,658,040
  Equity
  Share capital                                                       47       8,696,526          8,696,526
  Other equity instruments                                            48      15,000,000         15,000,000
  Capital reserves                                                            40,346,871         40,361,022
  Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                                49        (180,630)          196,165
  Translation reserve                                                            238,056           (227,414)
  General reserves                                                    50      22,278,999         20,744,058
  Retained profits                                                            28,779,256         27,732,673
  Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                         115,159,078     112,503,030
  Non-controlling interests                                                       82,488            87,421
  Total equity                                                               115,241,566     112,590,451

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

256
                               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
                                                                                     As at December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                      Notes             2022              2021

 Non-current liabilities

 Accrued staff costs                                                    42            97,490           223,661

 Deferred tax liabilities                                               27           482,293           491,857

 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             44         1,372,080          1,867,596

 Deferred income                                                                     112,947           116,144

 Lease liabilities                                                      46           912,500           995,576

 Long-term borrowings                                                   52           267,981           979,540

 Bonds payables                                                         54       71,406,696       113,393,215

 Total non-current liabilities                                                   74,651,987       118,067,589

 Total equity and non-current liabilities                                       189,893,553       230,658,040

     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
     The consolidated financial statements on pages 253 to 399 were approved and authorized for issue by
the board of directors on March 24, 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                        HUO Da                                                Wu Zongmin
             Executive Director, Chairman                             Executive Director, President




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            257
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                    Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                  Investment
                                                                                                 revaluation
                                                                                                   reserve of
                                                                                              financial assets
                                                                                                 at fair value      Foreign
                                                                      Other                    through other       currency                                                           Non-
                                                        Share         equity       Capital comprehensive         translation             General    Retained                    controlling
                                                       capital   instruments      reserves            income         reserve         reserves         profits      Sub-total      interests         Total

                                                     (Note 47)      (Note 48)                        (Note 49)                       (Note 50)

  At January 1, 2021                                 8,696,526    15,000,000    40,361,022           288,626         (43,094)      18,514,639      22,919,086    105,736,805        87,908    105,824,713

  Profit for the year                                       —             —             —                  —              —                   —    11,645,065     11,645,065        12,743     11,657,808

  Other comprehensive expense for the year                  —             —             —             (92,048)      (184,320)                 —            —        (276,368)           —        (276,368)

  Total comprehensive (expense) income
  for the year                                              —             —             —             (92,048)      (184,320)                 —    11,645,065     11,368,697        12,743     11,381,440

  Appropriation to general reserves                         —             —             —                  —              —         2,229,419      (2,229,419)            —             —              —

  Distribution to holders of other equity
  instruments (note 55)                                     —             —             —                  —              —                   —      (802,090)      (802,090)           —        (802,090)

  Dividends recognized as distribution (note 55)            —             —             —                  —              —                   —    (3,800,382)    (3,800,382)      (13,230)    (3,813,612)

  Transfer to retained profits for cumulative fair
  value change of FVTOCI in associates upon
  disposal (note 49)                                        —             —             —              22,095             —                   —       (22,095)            —             —              —

  Transfer to retained profits for cumulative fair
  value change of FVTOCI upon disposal (note 49)            —             —             —             (22,508)            —                   —       22,508              —             —              —

  At December 31, 2021                               8,696,526    15,000,000    40,361,022           196,165        (227,414)      20,744,058      27,732,673    112,503,030        87,421    112,590,451

  At January 1, 2022                                 8,696,526    15,000,000    40,361,022           196,165        (227,414)      20,744,058      27,732,673    112,503,030        87,421    112,590,451

  Profit for the year                                       —             —             —                  —              —                   —     8,072,319      8,072,319         6,887      8,079,206

  Other comprehensive (expense) income
  for the year                                              —             —             —            (389,332)      465,470                   —            —          76,138            —          76,138

  Total comprehensive (expense) income
  for the year                                              —             —             —            (389,332)      465,470                   —     8,072,319      8,148,457         6,887      8,155,344

  Issue of perpetual bonds (note 48)                        —     15,000,000            —                  —              —                   —            —      15,000,000            —      15,000,000

  Underwriting fee of issue of perpetual bonds              —             —        (14,151)                —              —                   —            —         (14,151)           —         (14,151)

  Redemption of perpetual bonds (note 48)                   —    (15,000,000)           —                  —              —                   —            —     (15,000,000)           —     (15,000,000)

  Appropriation to general reserves                         —             —             —                  —              —         1,534,941      (1,534,941)            —             —              —

  Distribution to holders of other equity
  instruments (note 55)                                     —             —             —                  —              —                   —      (782,134)      (782,134)           —        (782,134)

  Dividends recognized as distribution
  (note 55)                                                 —             —             —                  —              —                   —    (4,696,124)    (4,696,124)      (11,820)    (4,707,944)

  Transfer to retained profits for cumulative fair
  value change of FVTOCI upon disposal
  (note 49)                                                 —             —             —              12,537             —                   —       (12,537)            —             —              —

  At December 31, 2022                               8,696,526    15,000,000    40,346,871           (180,630)      238,056        22,278,999      28,779,256    115,159,078        82,488    115,241,566




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

258
                                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                  Year ended December 31
                                                                                         2022              2021
Operating activities
Profit before income tax                                                           8,531,660        13,703,853
Adjustments for:
Interest expenses                                                                  9,326,511         9,649,572
Share of results of associates                                                     (1,661,711)       (1,600,257)
Depreciation and amortization                                                        697,543           645,607
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal and other impairment losses, net                                   307,458           376,379
Losses on disposal of property and equipment, other intangible assets
  and other non-current assets, net                                                     2,549             5,608
Foreign exchange losses (gains), net                                                   61,431           (12,136)
Gain on disposal of investments in associates                                              —           (134,216)
Net realized losses from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                         172,275              5,827
Net realized losses from derecognition of financial liabilities measured
  at amortised cost                                                                     6,481                 —
Dividend income and interest income on financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income and debt instrument at
  amortized cost                                                                   (1,416,905)       (1,957,110)
Unrealized fair value changes in financial instruments at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                           4,715,517         (1,285,316)
Unrealized fair value changes in derivative financial instruments                  (1,687,478)         584,685
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                          19,055,331        19,982,496
Decrease (Increase) in advances to customers                                      17,892,377       (16,735,721)
(Increase) Decrease in other current assets                                          (830,971)         903,631
(Increase) Decrease in financial assets held under resale agreements             (10,508,243)       12,777,863
Decrease (Increase) in financial instruments at fair value through
  profit or loss, net                                                             44,226,164       (81,249,971)
Decrease (Increase) in deposits with exchanges and
  non-bank financial institutions                                                    959,190         (4,074,558)
Decrease (Increase) in pledged and restricted bank deposits                          349,407           (399,126)
Decrease (Increase) in clearing settlement funds                                   3,050,447         (5,001,348)
Increase in cash held on behalf of customers                                     (10,250,834)        (8,124,202)
Increase in accounts payables to brokerage clients                                 6,106,916        14,164,099
(Decrease) Increase in accrued staff costs                                         (1,731,870)       1,127,765
(Decrease) Increase in other current liabilities                                   (5,485,756)      13,910,712
(Decrease) Increase in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements           (6,813,948)       8,033,572
Increase (Decrease) in placements from other financial institutions                4,070,000         (4,270,000)
Net cash from (used in) operations                                                60,088,210       (48,954,788)
Income taxes paid                                                                  (1,280,134)       (1,780,392)
Interest paid                                                                      (3,504,621)       (3,583,425)
Net cash from (used in) operating activities                                      55,303,455       (54,318,605)

                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             259
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                          Year ended December 31
                                                                                2022            2021
  Investing activities
  Dividends and interest received from investments                         2,093,900        2,632,357
  Purchases of property and equipment, other intangible assets and
    other non-current assets                                                 (560,250)       (412,759)
  Proceeds from disposals of property and equipment, other intangible
    assets and other non-current assets                                         1,630           1,471
  Proceeds on disposal of interest in an associate                              7,200       1,160,630
  Net purchase or proceeds from purchases or disposals of financial
    instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income          (21,170,963)      9,826,753
  Net purchase or proceeds from disposals of debt instruments
    at amortized cost                                                        498,687         604,955
  Net cash (used in) from investing activities                            (19,129,796)    13,813,407
  Financing activities
  Dividends paid to shareholders and other equity instruments holders      (5,510,034)     (4,615,702)
  Interest payment of bonds and short-term debt instruments                (5,560,584)     (4,696,562)
  Interest payment of borrowings                                             (115,093)       (129,838)
  Interest payment of lease liabilities                                       (58,433)        (33,324)
  Repayment of bonds and short-term debt instruments                      (85,262,139)   (131,975,509)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                             (335,365)       (308,249)
  Repayment of perpetual bonds                                            (15,000,000)             —
  Proceeds from bonds and short-term debt instruments                     71,104,881     175,065,469
  Net repayment or proceeds from short-term borrowings                     4,651,337        2,080,182
  Proceeds from long-term borrowings, net of repayment                        85,544         331,848
  Proceeds from perpetual bonds                                           15,000,000               —
  Payment of underwriting fee of issue of perpetual bonds                     (14,151)             —
  Net cash (used in) from financing activities                            (21,014,037)    35,718,315
  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                    15,159,622       (4,786,883)
  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                  14,597,238      19,443,988
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                    470,128          (59,867)
  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                        30,226,988      14,597,238
  Net cash flows from operating activities including: interest received    8,860,033        9,186,958




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

260
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

      China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was formerly established as a securities
department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.. On August 1, 1993, with the approval of People’s Bank of
China (Shenzhen branch) and Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Company was duly
established as the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行證券業務部). On August
26, 1994, the Securities Department of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. was renamed as Shenzhen CMB
Securities Company (深圳招銀證券公司). On September 28, 1994, Shenzhen CMB Securities Company (深圳
招銀證券公司) further changed its name to CMB Securities Company (招銀證券公司). On November 6, 1998,
with the approval of People’s Bank of China and China Securities Regulatory Commission, CMB Securities
Company (招銀證券公司) increased its paid-in capital and changed its name to Guotong Securities Limited
Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司).
       After the completion of registration with Shenzhen Administration for Industry and Commerce, Guotong
Securities Limited Liability Company (國通證券有限責任公司) restructured and changed its name to Guotong
Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) on December 26, 2001 in accordance with The Approval to The
Resolution about Managing The State-owned Shares of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公
司) (Cai Qi [2001] No. 723) issued by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), The
Approval for Changing the Name of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Zheng Jian Ji
Gou Zi [2001] No. 285) issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and The Approval for Equity
Restructuring of Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限公司) (Shen Fu Gu [2001] No. 49) issued by
the Municipal Government of Shenzhen. On June 28, 2002, Guotong Securities Co., Ltd. (國通證券股份有限
公司) was renamed as China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (招商證券股份有限公司). On November 2, 2009,
with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission ([2009] No. 1132), the Company launched its
initial public offering of 358,546,141 A shares. On November 17, 2009, the Company started to be listed on
the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
    The Company’s ultimate holding company is China Merchants Group Limited (“CMG”). CMG is a
PRC enterprise regulated and directly managed by the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission of the State Council. CMG is owned and controlled by the PRC Government.
     On October 7, 2016, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission ([2016] No. 1735),
the Company issued RMB891,273,800 H Shares, which were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”).
      On July 20, 2020 and August 20, 2020, with the approval by China Securities Regulatory Commission
([2019] No. 1946 and [2020] No. 723), the Company completed the rights issue of A Share and H Share by
issuing RMB1,702,997,123 A Shares and RMB294,120,354 H Shares, which were listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange and the Main Board of The Hong Kong Stock Exchanges, respectively.
     As at December 31, 2022, the Company’s registered capital was RMB8,696,526,806 and the Company
has a total of 8,696,526,806 issued shares of RMB1 each.




                                                                                         2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                      261
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1.    CORPORATE INFORMATION (Continued)

      The address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company is No.111, 1st
Fuhua Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, the PRC. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
the “Group”) are principally engaged in securities brokerage, securities financial advisory, financial advisory
services relating to securities trading and investment activities, securities underwriting and sponsorship,
proprietary trading, asset management, margin financing and securities lending, securities investment fund
distribution, agency sales of financial products, securities investment management, stock options market-
making business,listed securities market-making business, commodity futures brokerage, financial futures
brokerage, futures investment consulting and other business approved by China Securities Regulatory
Commission’s (“CSRC”).
     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as
functional currency of the Company. All financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial
statements are presented in RMB and has been rounded to the nearest thousands, except when otherwise
indicates.


2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
      STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatory effective for the annual
period beginning on or after January 1, 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

        Amendments to IFRS 3                           Reference to the Conceptual Framework
        Amendments to IAS 16                           Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before
                                                       Intended Use
        Amendments to IAS 37                           Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
        Amendments to IFRSs                            Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020

      The adoption of the above-mentioned amendments in the current year has had no material impact on
the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set
out in these consolidated financial statements.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

262
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

New and amendments IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but
are not yet effective.

         IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and             Insurance Contracts1
            December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17)

         Amendments IFRS 10 and IAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                                                            and its Associate or Joint Venture2

         Amendments to IFRS 16                            Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3

         Amendments to IAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3

         Amendments to IAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants3

         Amendments to IAS 1 and                          Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
          IFRS Practice Statement 2

         Amendments to IAS 8                              Definition of Accounting Estimates1

         Amendments to IAS 12                             Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                            arising from a Single Transaction1

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024
     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the new and amendments to IFRSs will
have no material impact on the consolidated financial statement in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              263
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). For the purpose of
preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information
is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial
statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
accounting policies as follows.
      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
services.
       Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a
liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would
take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value
for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such
a basis, except for leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements
that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of
Assets.
      For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable
inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that
at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.
     For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:
      •    Level 1: Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities that
           the entity can access at the measurement date;
      •    Level 2: Inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for
           the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly;
      •    Level 3: Inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
      The principal accounting policies are as follows.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

264
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
(including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved where
the Company: (a) has power over the investee; (b) is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its
involvement with the investee; and (c) has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
      Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less accumulated
impairment loss, if any, in the Company’s statement of financial position. Specifically, income and expenses
of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or
losses from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
      Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company
and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of
the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
deficit balance.
     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.
    All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.
     Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over
the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserve between the Group and the non-
controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.
     Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair
value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of the
Company.




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          265
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Basis of consolidation (Continued)

     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-
controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated
as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair
value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities
of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously recognised in other
comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed
of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another
category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in
the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for
subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) or, when applicable, the cost on initial
recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.


Structured entities

      The Group serves as the manager of collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships.
These collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships invest mainly in equities, debt securities,
cash and cash equivalents and securities-backed lending under resales agreements. The Group’s proportion of
ownership in these structured entities can fluctuate from day to day according to the Group’s and third-party
participation in them. Where the Group is deemed to control such collective asset management schemes,
funds and partnerships, with control determined based on an analysis of the guidance in IFRS 10 Consolidated
Financial Statements, they are consolidated, with the interests of parties other than the Group being classified
as liabilities because there is a contractual obligation for the relevant group entity as an issuer to repurchase
or redeem units in such collective asset management schemes, funds and partnerships for cash. These are
presented as “financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)” in the consolidated statement
of financial position.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

266
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Business combinations

      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their
fair value, except that:
     (1)   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
           are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
           Benefits respectively;
     (2)   liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
           share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
           arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment at the
           acquisition date;
     (3)   assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current
           Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard;
           and
     (4)   lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
           (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
           for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
           underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at the same
           amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
           lease when compared with market terms.
       Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed. If, after re-assessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree
(if any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.
     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at
the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net
assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as
appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously
been recognized in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be accounted for on the
same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.


                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             267
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Foreign currencies

     When the Company receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to
functional currency at the spot exchange rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions
are, on initial recognition, translated to functional currency at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.
     A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the “People’s Bank of China”, the State
Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that
approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under a systematic and rational method, normally
the average exchange rate of the current year.
     Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to functional currency at the spot
exchange rate at the end of the year. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss.
Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated
to functional currency using the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items
denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange
rate on the date the fair value is determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is
recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or loss.
When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any
exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income. Non-monetary
items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
      The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to presentation currency at the spot
exchange rate at the end of reporting period. The equity items, excluding “retained profits”, are translated to
presentation currency at the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The income and expenses of foreign
operation are translated to presentation currency at the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates. The
resulting translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to
profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Company’s interests in subsidiaries and associates.


Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, and short-term, highly liquid
investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of
change in value.


Goodwill

      Goodwill represents the excess of:
      (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
             interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
             acquiree; over
      (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition
             date.
     When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a
bargain purchase.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

268
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Goodwill (Continued)

     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition
of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
units (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination,
which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and
not larger than an operating segment.
      A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition
in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than
the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss.
     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the
determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal.
     The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of associates is described below.


Interests in associates

     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint
control over those policies.
     The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial
statements using the equity method of accounting, unless it is classified as held for sale. The financial
statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies
as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
      Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognized in the consolidated
statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the profit
or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate
exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form
part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognizing its share of further
losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.
      An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the
investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee
is recognized as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the
Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
reassessment, is recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               269
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Interests in associates (Continued)

      The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
impaired. When any objective evidence exist, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of Assets as a single asset by
comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying
amount. Any impairment loss recognized forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal
of that impairment loss is recognized in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of
the investment subsequently increases.
      Upon disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interest in an associate in which the Group lost
significant influence and discontinued the use of equity method, any retained interest that is within the scope
of IFRS 9 is measured at fair value on that date, the difference between the carrying amount of the associate
at the date, and the proceeds from disposing of such interest (or partial interest) in the associate and the fair
value of the retained interest is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate.
In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognized in their comprehensive income in
relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the
related asset or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income
by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the
Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss.
     When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity
method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been
recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss
would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.
     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group (such as a sale or contribution of
assets), profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate are recognized in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the
Group.
     When an investment in an associate is held by, or is held indirectly through, a group entity that is
a venture capital organization and similar entities, the Group may elect to measure investments in those
associates at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9.


Property and equipment and other non-current assets

     Property and equipment including buildings, motor vehicles, electronic and communication equipment
and others, and other non-current assets including leasehold improvement and deferred expenses for use in
the supply of services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress) are stated in the
consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation/amortization
and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.
     Depreciation/amortization is recognized so as to write off their costs, other than construction in
progress, less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using straight-line method. The estimated
useful lives, residual values and depreciation/amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting
period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

270
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Property and equipment and other non-current assets (Continued)

      Construction in progress is carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include
professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s
accounting policy. Such properties are classified to the appropriate categories when completed and ready
for intended use. Depreciation/amortization of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.
     An item of property and equipment and other non-current assets is derecognized upon disposal or when
no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising
on the disposal or retirement is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.
     If an item of property and equipment becomes an investment property because its use has changed as
evidenced by end of owner-occupation, the cost and accumulated depreciation of that item at the date of
transfer are transferred to investment property for subsequent measurement and disclosure purposes.
     The estimated residual value rates and useful lives of each class of property and equipment and other
non-current assets are as follows:

                                                                                   Estimated
                                                                               residual value
       Classes                                                                          rates        Useful lives

       Leasehold land and buildings                                                      5%          30 - 50 years

       Motor vehicles                                                                    5%                5 years

       Electronic and communication equipment                                            5%                5 years

       Office equipment                                                                  5%                5 years




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              271
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Intangible assets

(i)    Intangible assets acquired separately

      Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortization for intangible assets with finite useful
lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and
amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimates being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are
acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses (see the accounting
policy in respect of impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill below).
       The estimated useful lives of each class of intangible assets with finite useful life are as follows:

         Classes                                                                                     Useful lives

         Trading rights                                                                                  10 years

         Others                                                                                            5 years



(ii)   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

     The intangible assets acquired in the business combination shall be separately recognized from the
goodwill, and shall be initially recognized based on the fair value at the acquisition date (as the cost of the
intangible assets).
     After the initial recognition, the intangible assets with limited useful lives obtained in the business
combination shall be presented on the same basis as the intangible assets obtained separately, and shall be
presented according to the cost minus accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives obtained in a business combination are stated at cost less any
subsequent accumulated impairment losses. (Please refer to the accounting policy related to the impairment
on non-financial assets other than goodwill below).
      An intangible asset is derecognized when it is disposed of or it is expected that its use or disposal will
no longer generate future economic benefits. The gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible
asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset,
and are recognized in profit or loss on derecognition of the asset.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

272
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Impairment on non-financial assets other than goodwill

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and
equipment, right-of-use assets, investment property, intangible assets with finite useful lives, and other non-
current assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss.
If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent
of the impairment loss, if any. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated
to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating
units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever
there is an indication that they may be impaired.
      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
      Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or the cash-
generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment
loss been recognized for the asset (or the cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss
is recognized immediately in profit or loss.


Leases

(i)   Definition of a lease

      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application or arising from business
combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS
16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed
unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               273
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee

Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of
the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease
components.
     Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone
prices.
      As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the financial statements would not differ materially from
individual leases within the portfolio.


Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of buildings that have a lease
term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies
the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets.
      Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease term.


Right-of-use assets

       The cost of right-of-use assets includes:
       •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
       •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
       •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
       •    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
            restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required
            by the terms and conditions of the lease.
     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities resulting from
Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.
      Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
leased assets at the end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful
life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
useful life and the lease term.
     The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property as a
separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

274
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee (Continued)

Lease liabilities

     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the
present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate
implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
       The lease payments include:
       •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
       •    variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
            at the commencement date;
       •    amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees;
       •    the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group; and
       •    payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an
            option to terminate the lease.
       After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.
     The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
assets) whenever:
       •    the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option,
            in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
            using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
       •    the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review
            or expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
            remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.
      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
position.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            275
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Leases (Continued)

(ii)   The Group as lessee (Continued)

Lease modifications

    Except for Coivd-19-related rent concession in which the Group applied the practice expendient, the
Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:
       •   the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
           assets; and
       •   the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
           for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
           circumstances of the particular contract.
       For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


(iii) The Group as lessors

Classification and measurement of leases

      Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms
of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as receivables at commencement date
at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective
leases. Initial direct costs are included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest
income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net
investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
     Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term
of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to
the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term.


Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate
consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from
lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

276
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Borrowing costs

      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use
or sale.
     If the construction of qualifying assets have been suspended under abnormal circumstances, the
corresponding capitalization of the borrowing cost should be suspended accordingly.
      All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


Government grants

     Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
      Government grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire non-current assets are recognized as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial
position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
assets.
      Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under
“other income and gains or losses”.


Employee benefits

(i)   Salaries and allowances

      Salaries and allowances are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
is provided. A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-
sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past
service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             277
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Employee benefits (Continued)

(ii)   Contributions to retirement benefits scheme

     The Group participates in Central Provident Fund Scheme for its employees in the PRC organized by the
municipal governments of the relevant provinces. The Group also participates in the Mandatory Provident
Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) for its employees in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund
Scheme Ordinance. The Group also sets up annuity scheme for qualified employees. Annuity contributions are
accrued and recognized in profit or loss based on a certain percentage of the participants’ total salary when
employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.


(iii) Other social welfare

     Social welfare expenditure refers to payments for employees’ social welfare system established by
the government of the PRC, including social pension insurance, health care insurance, housing funds and
other social welfare contributions. The Group contributes on a regular basis to these funds based on certain
percentage of the employees’ salaries and the contributions are recognized in profit or loss for the period
when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. The Group’s liabilities in respect of
these funds are limited to the contribution payables in the reporting period.


(iv) Other long-term employee benefits

     The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in respect of their services in the current and prior
periods.


Taxation

     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payables and deferred tax. Current tax and
deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or
items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.


(i)    Current tax

      Current tax is the expected tax payables or receivable on the taxable profit or loss for the year, using tax
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payables in respect of
previous years.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

278
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Taxation (Continued)

(ii)   Deferred tax

      Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
       Deferred tax is not recognized for:
       •    temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
            business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
       •    temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries and associates to the extent that the
            Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
            that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
       •    taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
      The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which
the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets
and liabilities.
     Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when
they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
liabilities and assets, and when they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority and the Group intend to
settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis.
     A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.


(iii) Income tax offsetting

      When the Group has a legal right to settle on a net basis and intends either to settle on a net basis or to
realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset
and presented on a net basis.
       When the Group has a legal right to settle current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, and deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax assets and liabilities
on a net basis or to realize the assets and liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant
amounts of deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be reversed, deferred tax assets and deferred tax
liabilities are offset and presented on a net basis.




                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 279
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments

     A financial instrument is defined as any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a
financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.


(i)    Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

    A financial asset or financial liability is recognized in the statements of financial position when the Group
becomes a party to the contractual provisions of a financial instrument.
      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its retained interest in the
asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial asset
and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.
     The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
derecognized and the consideration paid and payables is recognized in profit or loss.
     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying
amount of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual
cash flows discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees
incurred are adjusted to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortized over the
remaining term. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognized in profit or loss
at the date of modification.


(ii)   Classification of financial assets

     The Group classifies financial assets as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through
other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss on the basis of both the Group’s business
model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets.
       A financial asset shall be measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:
       •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in
            order to collect contractual cash flows; and
       •    the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
     A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if both of the
following conditions are met:
       •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
            collecting contractual cash flows; and
       •    the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

280
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(ii)   Classification of financial assets (Continued)

      A financial asset shall be measured at fair value through profit or loss unless it is measured at amortized
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as stated above. However, the Group may make
an irrevocable election at initial recognition for particular investments in equity instruments that would
otherwise be measured at fair value through profit or loss to present subsequent changes in fair value in
other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
recognized by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.
       A financial asset is held for trading if:
       •    it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
       •    on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
            manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
       •    it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.
     At initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset as measured at fair value
through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


(iii) Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Classification as debt or equity

     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


Financial liabilities

       The Group classifies all financial liabilities as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for:
       •    financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Such liabilities, including derivatives that are
            liabilities, shall be subsequently measured at fair value.
       •    financial liabilities that arise when a transfer of a financial asset does not qualify for derecognition
            or when the continuing involvement approach applies.
       •    Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments which bear interest lower than the prevailing
            market rates that are not within the scope of the above.


Equity instruments

      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
received, net of direct issue costs.
      Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other
financial assets or the Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption of
principal amount indefinitely are classified as equity instruments.
                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  281
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(iv) Embedded derivatives

    An embedded derivative is a component of a hybrid contract that also includes a non-derivative host. An
embedded derivative and its host contract form a hybrid contract.
     If a hybrid contract contains a host that is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group shall not
separate an embedded derivative from the host, but shall apply the requirements of IFRS 9 to the entire hybrid
contract.


(v)   Reclassification of financial instruments

      When, and only when, the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets it shall
reclassify all affected financial assets. The Group shall not reclassify any financial liability.
      If the Group reclassifies financial assets, it shall apply the reclassification prospectively from the
reclassification date. The Group shall not restate any previously recognized gains, losses (including impairment
gains or losses) or interest.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the amortized cost measurement category and
           into the fair value through profit or loss measurement category, its fair value is measured at the
           reclassification date. Any gain or loss arising from a difference between the previous amortized cost
           of the financial asset and fair value is recognized in profit or loss.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the amortized cost measurement category and
           into the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, its fair value
           is measured at the reclassification date. Any gain or loss arising from a difference between the
           previous amortized cost of the financial asset and fair value is recognized in other comprehensive
           income. The effective interest rate and the measurement of expected credit losses are not adjusted
           as a result of the reclassification.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through other comprehensive income
           measurement category and into the amortized cost measurement category, the financial asset
           is reclassified at its fair value at the reclassification date. However, the cumulative gain or loss
           previously recognized in other comprehensive income is removed from equity and adjusted against
           the fair value of the financial asset at the reclassification date. As a result, the financial asset is
           measured at the reclassification date as if it had always been measured at amortized cost. The
           effective interest rate and the measurement of expected credit losses are not adjusted as a result of
           the reclassification.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through other comprehensive income
           measurement category and into the fair value through profit or loss measurement category, the
           financial asset continues to be measured at fair value. The cumulative gain or loss previously
           recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss at the
           reclassification date.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

282
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(v)   Reclassification of financial instruments (Continued)

      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss measurement
           category and into the amortized cost measurement category, its fair value at the reclassification
           date becomes its new gross carrying amount.
      •    If the Group reclassifies a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss measurement
           category and into the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, the
           financial asset continues to be measured at fair value.
     When reclassifying the financial assets, the Group determines effective interest rate based on the fair
value of the financial assets at the reclassification date.


(vi) Measurement of financial instruments

      The Group initially recognizes a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value. Fair value is the
transaction price of a financial asset or financial liability. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
     After initial recognition, the Group subsequently measure a financial asset at amortized cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss.
     After initial recognition, the Group subsequently measure a financial liability at amortized cost or fair
value through profit or loss.
     Interest income is calculated by using the effective interest method.Interest income is recognized by
applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of financial assets, except the follows:
      •    For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the interest income is recognized by
           applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the financial asset from
           initial recognition.
      •    For financial assets that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired but become credit-
           impaired financial assets subsequently, the interest income is recognized by applying the effective
           interest rate to the amortized cost of financial assets. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired
           financial instrument improves so that it is no longer credit-impaired and the improvement in
           the credit quality is related objectively to a certain event occurring after the application of rules
           mentioned above, such as the credit rating of the borrower is increased, then the interest income
           will be recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the
           financial asset.




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  283
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(vii) Impairment of financial instruments

      The Group recognize a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) for the following items:
      •    financial assets that are measured at amortized cost or debt instruments measured at fair value
           through other comprehensive;
      •    lease receivables;
      •    contract assets;
      •    loan commitments that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.
     ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (ie the present value of all cash shortfalls) over the
expected life of the financial instrument.
     The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for accounts receivable recognized under IFRS 15. The ECL is
assessed individually for debtors with significant balances and/or collectively using an impairment matrix.
      Except for accounts receivable recognized under IFRS 15, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on
a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition at the reporting date and recognizes
the loss allowance for expected credit loss and its movement.
      •    The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
           lifetime ECL if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
           recognition. An impairment loss (gain) is recognized in profit or loss for the amount of ECL (or
           reversal) needed to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the required amount.
      •    The Group measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
           12-month ECL if the credit risk on that financial instrument has not increased significantly since
           initial recognition. An impairment loss (gain) is recognized in profit or loss for the amount of ECL
           (or reversal) needed to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the required amount.
     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
impaired includes observable data about the following events:
      •    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or borrower;
      •    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
      •    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
           financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
           otherwise consider;
      •    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization;
      •    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or
      •    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
           losses.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

284
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(viii) Profit of loss

      A gain or loss on a financial asset or financial liability that is measured at fair value shall be recognized
in profit or loss unless:
     •     it is a non-held for trading investment in an equity instrument that is designated as at fair value
           through other comprehensive income based on “3. Financial Instruments (ii) Classification of
           financial assets”. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously
           recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a
           reclassification adjustment;
     •     it is a financial liability designated as at fair value through profit or loss and the entity is required
           to present the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income and
           other changes in the fair value of the financial liabilities are included in the profit and loss. When
           the financial liability is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other
           comprehensive income is reclassified to retained earnings as a reclassification adjustment;
     •     it is a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income based on “3.
           Financial Instruments (ii) Classification of financial assets” and the entity is required to recognize
           fair value changes in other comprehensive income except for impairment gains or losses and
           foreign exchange gains and losses. Interest calculated using the effective interest method is
           recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss
           previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss as
           a reclassification adjustment.
     A gain or loss on a financial asset that is measured at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging is
recognized in profit or loss when the financial asset is derecognized, reclassified, during the amortization
process or in order to recognize impairment or losses. A gain or loss on a financial liability that is measured
at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging is recognized in profit or loss when the financial liability is
derecognized and through the amortization process.


(ix) Estimation of fair value

     If there is a principal market for the asset or liability, the fair value measurement represents the price in
that market.
     If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair
value. Valuation techniques include market approach, income approach and cost approach. Unobservable
inputs are acceptable in valuation technique only when observable inputs are not available.
     The fair value of a liability reflects the effect of non-performance risk. Non-performance risk includes,
but may not be limited to, an entity’s own credit risk. Non-performance risk is assumed to be the same before
and after the transfer of the liability.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              285
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Financial instruments (Continued)

(x)   Transfer and derecognize of financial assets

      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
the asset to another entity.
      On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between:
      •    the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition); and
      •    the consideration received and the related fair value change previously recognized in other
           comprehensive income are recognized in profit or loss.
      If a part of a financial asset is transferred and the part transferred qualifies for derecognition in its
entirety, the previous carrying amount of the larger financial asset shall be allocated between the part that
continues to be recognized and the part that is derecognized, on the basis of the relative fair values of those
parts on the date of the transfer. The difference between:
      •    the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition) allocated to the part derecognized;
           and
      •    the consideration received for the part derecognized and the related fair value change previously
           recognized in other comprehensive income are recognized in profit or loss.
       If a transfer does not result in derecognition because the Group has retained substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of the transferred asset, the entity shall continue to recognize the transferred asset
in its entirety and shall recognize a financial liability for the consideration received.
     For continuing involvement in transfer of financial assets, the group continues to recognise the
transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement and an associated liability


(xi) Derivative financial instruments

      Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value at the date a derivative contract is
entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value of these derivative financial
instruments other than those designed as hedging instrument are recognized in profit or loss.
      All derivatives are recognized as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value
is negative.
     Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices in an active market or are determined using valuation
techniques, including discounted cash flow model and options pricing model as appropriate.


(xii) Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of
financial position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and
the transactions are intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realizing the asset and settling the liability
simultaneously.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

286
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers

     The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct
or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.
      An entity shall account for a contract with a customer that is within the scope of this Standard only when
all of the following criteria are met:
     •    the parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally or in accordance with
          other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations;
     •    the entity can identify each party’s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred;
     •    the entity can identify the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred;
     •    the contract has commercial substance (i.e. the risk, timing or amount of the entity’s future cash
          flows is expected to change as a result of the contract); and
     •    it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange
          for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer.
      When a contract with a customer does not meet the criteria stated above and an entity receives
consideration from the customer, the entity shall recognize the consideration received as revenue only when
either of the following events has occurred: (1) the entity has no remaining obligations to transfer goods or
services to the customer; and (2) all, or substantially all, of the consideration promised by the customer has
been received by the entity and is non-refundable, otherwise the consideration received from a customer
should be considered as a contract liability.
     Revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:
     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
          performance as the Group performs;
     •    the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
          performs; or
     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
          Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           287
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
good or service. The Group shall consider indicators of the transfer of control, which include, but are not
limited to, the following:
      •    The Group has a present right to payment for the asset and a customer is presently obliged to pay
           for an asset.
      •    The Group has transferred the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset and the
           customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset.
      •    The Group has transferred the legal title of the asset and the customer has legal title of the asset.
      •    The Group has transferred physical possession of the asset and the customer has obtained physical
           possession of an asset.
      •    The customer has accepted the good for service.
      •    Other indicators of the transfer of control of the good or service to the customer.
    For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending
on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.
      The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future
when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
     At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully
the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the
reporting period.
       When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself
(i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e.
the Group is an agent).
     The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
transferred to a customer.
      The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it
recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

288
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

       Details of the recognition criteria of major types of revenue of the Group are as follows:


(i)    Fee and commission income

       •    Brokerage commission income is recognized at a point in time on a trade date basis at a certain
            percentage of the transaction value of the trades executed.
       •    Handling and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognized at a point in
            time when the related services are rendered.
       •    Commission income of the agency custody of securities business is recognized over time as the
            customers simultaneously receive benefits provided by the Group.
       •    Underwriting and sponsoring fees are recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under
            the underwriting and sponsoring contract.
       •    Asset and fund management fee income is recognized as a performance obligation satisfied over
            time as the customers simultaneously receive benefits provided by the Group.
       •    Depending on the nature of the services and the contract terms, financial advisory services are
            recognised in profit or loss over time using a method that depicts the Group’s performance, or at a
            point in time when the service is completed.


(ii)   Interest income

    Interest income from a financial asset is recognised on a accrual basis using the effective interest
method.


(iii) Other income

     Other income is recognized when contracts are due for settlement or services are provided. It mainly
comes from the bulk commodities trading of the Group’s commodities trading subsidiaries. The revenue is
recognized at a point in time when the Group fulfills its performance obligations in the contract and the
customer obtains the control of relevant bulk commodity goods.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           289
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Provision

     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and the amount of the
obligation can be reliably measured.
     The amount recognized as provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
present obligation at the end of each reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time
value of money is material).
      When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
from a third party, a receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be
received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.


Segment reporting

      Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the
structure of the Group’s internal organization, management requirements and internal reporting system. Each
of the Group’s operating segments represents a strategic business unit that offers services which are subject
to risks and returns that are different from the other operating segments.
      Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments
have same or similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and
service, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services,
the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
environment. Financial performance is regularly reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions
about resource to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which consolidated
financial statements regarding financial position, financial performance and cash flows is available.
     Inter segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for
segment reporting, and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial
statements.


Related parties

      If a party has the power to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence over another party, or
vice versa, or where the Group and one or more parties are subject to common control or joint control from
another party, they are considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals or enterprises.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

290
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY

      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
from these estimates.
      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


Critical judgments in applying accounting policies

      The followings are the critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have
the most significant effect on the amounts recognized and disclosures made in the consolidated financial
statements.


Determination of consolidation scope

      All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group,
as an investor and/or as an investment manager, controls the investee. The principle of control sets out the
following three elements of control: (a) power over the investee; (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns
from involvement with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of
the investor’s returns. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
      For collective asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnerships where the Group
involves as manager and also as investor, the Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds
together with its remuneration and credit enhancement creates exposure to variability of returns from the
activities of the collective asset management schemes, investment funds and limited partnerships that is of
such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal. The collective asset management schemes,
investment funds and limited partnerships are consolidated if the Group has control.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           291
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Critical judgments in applying accounting policies (Continued)

Classification of financial assets

     The classification and measurement of financial assets depend on contractual cash flow test and business
model test. The Group will consider all the relevant evidences in the business model test, including the way
the performance of financial assets are evaluated and reported to the key management, the risk affected
the performance of financial asset and how the risk are managed, as well as how the management are paid.
The Group also needs to judge whether the contractual cash flow generated by financial assets is only the
payment of the principal and interest based on the principal outstanding.


Key sources of estimation uncertainty

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.


Measurement of ECL

Significant increase in credit risk and impairment

      In assessing the measurement of expected credit losses (“ECLs”) of financial assets, the Group judges
whether or not the credit risk of the relevant financial instruments has increased significantly since the initial
recognition and whether a credit impairment occurs. During the judgement process, both quantitative and
qualitative information is also taken into consideration, including forward-looking information.


Establishment of assets group with similar risk characteristics

      When the expected credit loss is measured on a group basis, the financial instruments are grouped
by similar characteristics of risk. The Group continuously assesses whether these financial instruments
continue to maintain similar credit risk characteristics, so as to ensure that once the characteristics of credit
risk change, the financial instruments will be appropriately reclassified. This may result in new assets group
or reclassification of assets to certain existing assets group, so as to better reflect the similar credit risk
characteristics of which category of assets.


Use of model and assumption

      The Group adopts different models and assumptions to assess the fair value and expected credit loss
of financial assets. The Group determines the applicable model for each category of financial assets using
judgment so as to determine the assumptions used by such models, including assumptions relating to the key
drivers of credit risk.



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

292
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

Measurement of ECL (Continued)

Forward-looking information

     In assessing the expected credit loss, the Group used reasonable forward-looking information. Such
information is based on the assumption of future trend of different economic driving factors, and the
assumption of how these economic driving factors affect each other.


Probability of default

     The probability is key input of expected credit risk. The probability of default is the estimates of
possibility of default in certain period of time. The calculation involves historical information, assumption and
expectation of future conditions.


Loss given default

     Loss given default is the estimate of loss arising from default. It is based on the difference between
contractual cash flows and the cash flows expected to be received by the borrower, and also considered the
cash flows from pledge assets and overall credit enhancement.
     Details of above significant judgment and estimation on ECL are set out in note 62(2) and note 63.


Fair value of financial instruments

     The Group uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of financial instruments which are not
quoted in an active market. These valuation techniques use observable inputs and data of the market. When
the market observable inputs are not available, the Group make estimate on the significant unobservable
inputs and data. Details of fair value measurement are set out in note 63.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            293
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

Income taxes and deferred tax assets

     There are certain transactions and activities for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during
the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts
that were initially estimated, such differences will impact the current income tax and deferred income tax in
the period during which such a determination is made.
    The realization of a deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable
temporary differences will be available in the future.
      In cases where it becomes probable that sufficient profits or taxable temporary differences are expected
to be generated, deferred tax assets would be recognized in profit or loss in that period. On the contrary, if
sufficient profits or taxable temporary differences are not expected to be generated, deferred tax assets would
be reversed in profit or loss in that period. Details of the tax losses and deductible temporary differences are
disclosed in note 27 to consolidated financial statements. As those deferred tax assets can only be recognized
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax
credits can be utilized, management’s judgment is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits.
Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognized if it
becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

294
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5.   TAXATION

     The Group’s main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

           Tax type                                    Tax basis                                        Tax rates

           Enterprise income tax (“EIT”) (i)           Based on taxable profits                     25%, 20%(ii),
                                                                                                 16.5%(iii), 15%(iv)

           Value added tax (“VAT”)                     The output VAT is calculated on                  6%, 3%(v)
                                                       the basis of taxable income. After
                                                       deducting the input VAT allowed
                                                       to be deducted in the current
                                                       period, the difference is the VAT
                                                       payable.

           City maintenance and construction tax       Based on value added tax accrued                        7%

           Education surcharge                         Based on value added tax accrued                        3%

           Local education surcharge                   Based on value added tax accrued                        2%

     (i)      In accordance with the announcement of the State Administration of Taxation concerning the
              collection of EIT for cross regional operation (No. 57 of the State Administration of Taxation in
              2012). The Company adopts the regulations of “integrated calculation, hierarchical management,
              advance payments in regions where the entities operate, centralization of final settlements and
              transfers between central and local authorities” for payments of EIT.
     (ii)     According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China and relevant
              regulation on the implementation, and the Notice of the Ministry of Finance and the State
              Administration of Taxation on Implementing the Inclusive Tax Deduction and Exemption Policies for
              Micro and Small Enterprises (Cai Shui [2021] No. 12, hereinafter referred to as the “Notice”) and
              other regulations, during the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022, for a small low-
              profit enterprise with an annual taxable income that is not more than RMB1 million, it will have its
              taxable income reduced by 25% and the applicable enterprise income tax rate will be 20%; and
              during the period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024, for an enterprise with an annual
              taxable income that is not less than RMB1 million nor more than RMB3 million, it will have its
              taxable income reduced by 25%, and the applicable enterprise income tax rate will be 20%. Six
              subsidiaries of China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital Investment Co., Ltd., which is the subsidiary of the
              Company, benefit from the above-mentioned preferential tax policies.
     (iii)    The Company’s subsidiary China Merchants Securities International Company Limited and its
              subsidiaries which are registered in Hong Kong shall pay Hong Kong Profits Tax. Under the two-
              tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will
              be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group
              entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime and will continue to be taxed at a
              flat rate of 16.5%.




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               295
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5.    TAXATION (Continued)

      (iv)   According to the announcement of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation
             and National Development and Reform Commission on continuing the EIT Preferential Policies
             for the Development of Western China, from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2030, qualified
             companies are subject to a tax rate of 15%. The subsidiary of the Group incorporated in Ganzhou
             namely, Ganzhou China Merchants Zhiyuan No. 1 Fund Management Co., Ltd. is subject to the
             above-mentioned preferential tax policies.
      (v)    According to the Notice on finance, real estate development, education industry, etc. (Cai Shui
             [2016] No. 140), the supplementary notice on issues related to VAT of asset management products
             (Cai Shui [2017] No. 2) and the notice on issues related to VAT of asset management products (Cai
             Shui [2017] No. 56) issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation,
             the VAT taxable income accrued from the asset management product manager in the process of
             managing their products can temporarily apply a simple tax calculation method and pay the VAT at
             the rate of 3% commencing from January 1, 2018.


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION

(1)   Operating segments

     For management purposes, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately
according to the nature of their operations and the services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating
segments represents a strategic business unit that offers services which are subject to risks and returns
that are different from the other operating segments. Segment information is measured in accordance
with the accounting policies and measurement criteria adopted by each segment when reporting to the
board of directors, being the chief operating decision maker, which are consistent with the accounting and
measurement criteria in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The Group’s operating
segments are as follows:
      (a)    Wealth management and institutional business segment engages in the trading of stocks and
             futures contracts on behalf of clients. Moreover, the activities of providing margin financing,
             securities lending and selling financial products and other wealth management products are
             included in this segment;
      (b)    Investment banking segment provides investment banking services to the Group’s institutional
             clients, including financial advisory, equity underwriting, debt underwriting and sponsorship;
      (c)    Investment management segment primarily engages in assets management, investing advisory
             and deal execution services. Moreover, the investment income from private equity investment
             management are included in this segment;
      (d)    Investment and trading segment engages in trading equity securities, fixed-income securities,
             derivatives, other financial products, market maker service and alternative investment; and
      (e)    Others segment primarily includes head office operations, investment holding as well as interest
             income and interest expenses incurred for generating working capital for general operation.
     Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s business units separately for the purpose
of resource allocation and other operating decisions. Segment performance is measured consistently with
operating profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements except that income taxes are not allocated to
operating segments.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

296
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(1)   Operating segments (Continued)

     The operating and reportable segment information provided to the chief operating decision maker
(hereinafter refer as “CODM”) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                            Wealth
                                                      management
                                                               and
                                                      institutional   Investment     Investment     Investment
                                                          business       banking    management      and trading         Others     Elimination           Total

       For the year ended December 31, 2022

       Segment revenue and results

         — Segment revenue                              17,828,201     1,446,575       1,217,500       6,721,288       547,440         (60,769)    27,700,235

         — Segment other income and gains or losses         35,710            —          30,528            1,410     1,567,917              —        1,635,565

         Segment revenue and other income               17,863,911     1,446,575       1,248,028       6,722,698     2,115,357         (60,769)    29,335,800

         Segment expenses                              (12,816,587)     (685,902)       (476,558)     (5,797,559)    (2,750,014)       60,769      (22,465,851)

         Segment result                                  5,047,324       760,673        771,470         925,139        (634,657)            —        6,869,949

         Share of results of associates                         —             —             656               —      1,661,055              —        1,661,711

         Profit before income tax                        5,047,324       760,673        772,126         925,139      1,026,398              —        8,531,660

       As at December 31, 2022

       Segment assets and liabilities

         Segment assets                                216,531,043       956,908      10,055,831    352,766,068     36,922,906      (5,570,874)   611,661,882

         Segment liabilities                          (173,228,687)     (922,669)     (4,431,658)   (308,698,823)   (14,709,353)    5,570,874     (496,420,316)

       For the year ended December 31, 2022

       Other segment information

       Amounts included in the measurement of
        segment profit or loss or segment assets:

         Interest income                                 8,197,804            —          47,174        1,936,445       547,440         (60,620)    10,668,243

         Interest expenses                              (4,376,368)      (12,903)        (50,217)     (4,933,499)       (14,144)       60,620       (9,326,511)

         Capital expenditure                              (251,640)      (26,498)        (11,804)        (21,969)      (248,339)            —         (560,250)

         Depreciation and amortization                    (393,106)      (52,017)        (14,663)        (28,010)      (209,747)            —         (697,543)

         Impairment losses, net of reversal               (171,036)           —          (90,000)        (39,507)        (6,915)            —         (307,458)




                                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                         297
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(1)   Operating segments (Continued)

                                                           Wealth
                                                     management
                                                              and
                                                     institutional   Investment     Investment     Investment
                                                         business       banking    management      and trading         Others     Elimination           Total

        For the year ended December 31, 2021

        Segment revenue and results

          Segment revenue                              20,650,534     2,610,454       1,746,405     10,840,752        288,409         (35,229)    36,101,325

          Segment other income and gains or losses         23,213          545          55,991             107      4,161,241              —        4,241,097

          Segment revenue and other income             20,673,747     2,610,999       1,802,396     10,840,859      4,449,650         (35,229)    40,342,422

          Segment expenses                            (13,829,404)   (1,133,501)       (546,435)     (7,372,978)    (5,391,737)       35,229      (28,238,826)

          Segment result                                6,844,343     1,477,498       1,255,961       3,467,881       (942,087)            —      12,103,596

          Share of results of associates                       —             —            1,740           2,897     1,595,620              —        1,600,257

          Profit before income tax                      6,844,343     1,477,498       1,257,701       3,470,778       653,533              —      13,703,853

        As at December 31, 2021

        Segment assets and liabilities

          Segment assets                              224,140,044     2,239,887      10,136,704    347,039,300     21,384,211      (7,719,018)   597,221,128

          Segment liabilities                        (167,423,698)   (2,071,599)     (3,764,729)   (302,617,600)   (16,472,069)    7,719,018     (484,630,677)

        For the year ended December 31, 2021

        Other segment information

        Amounts included in the measurement of
         segment profit or loss or segment assets:

          Interest income                               9,009,411            —          73,187        2,006,457       288,409         (35,229)    11,342,235

          Interest expenses                            (4,190,729)      (87,959)        (50,239)     (5,341,853)       (14,021)       35,229       (9,649,572)

          Capital expenditure                            (214,954)      (18,572)        (18,055)        (15,882)      (145,296)            —         (412,759)

          Depreciation and amortization                  (371,628)      (52,411)        (13,656)        (27,935)      (179,977)            —         (645,607)

          Impairment losses, net of reversal             (247,331)           —          (98,528)        (27,202)        (3,318)            —         (376,379)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

298
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(2)   Geographical segments

      The Group has two major geographical operation in the PRC, namely Mainland China and Outside
Mainland China, where the Group’s revenue are derived from and the Group’s assets are located. The
following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external
customers and (ii) the Group’s property and equipment, right-of-use assets, goodwill, other intangible
assets, interests in associates and other non-current assets (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical
location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided.
     The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on i) the physical location of the
asset or ii) the place of incorporation of the business units under which the goodwill is recorded.

                                                                                  Outside
                                                                 Mainland        Mainland
                                                                    China           China               Total

       For the year ended December 31, 2022

       Segment Revenue

         Revenue                                               26,988,507          711,728        27,700,235

         Other income and gains or losses, net                   1,675,126          (39,561)       1,635,565

                                                               28,663,633          672,167        29,335,800

       For the year ended December 31, 2021

       Segment Revenue

         Revenue                                               34,292,474        1,808,851        36,101,325

         Other income and gains or losses, net                   4,236,033            5,064        4,241,097

                                                               38,528,507        1,813,915        40,342,422



Specified non-current assets


                                                                                  Outside
                                                                 Mainland        Mainland
                                                                    China           China               Total

       As at December 31, 2022

       Specified non-current assets                            14,318,866          178,123        14,496,989

       As at December 31, 2021

       Specified non-current assets                            13,380,630          184,699        13,565,329




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           299
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(3)   Information about major customers

     No customer for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 contributed over 10% to the total
revenue of the Group.


7.    FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME

                                                                                Year ended December 31,

                                                                                     2022          2021

        Securities and futures brokerage business                                8,816,284   10,668,498

        Underwriting and sponsorship business                                    1,303,526     2,450,094

        Asset management and fund management business                              831,846     1,046,033

        Financial advisory business                                                151,211      167,043

        Investment advisory business                                                62,068       36,385

        Other business                                                             752,046      936,242

                                                                                11,916,981   15,304,295



8.    INTEREST INCOME

                                                                                Year ended December 31,

                                                                                     2022          2021

        Advances to customers and securities lending                             5,571,384     6,233,534

        Exchanges and financial institutions balances, deposits and clearing
          settlement funds                                                       2,452,230     2,004,027

        Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          (“FVTOCI”)                                                             1,381,054     1,460,827

        Financial assets held under securities back-lending resale agreements      726,291     1,141,805

        Other financial assets held under resale agreements                        469,420      431,834

        Debt instruments at amortized cost                                          31,441       70,208

        Others                                                                      36,423            —

                                                                                10,668,243   11,342,235




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

300
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9.   INVESTMENT GAINS OR LOSSES, NET

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2022              2021

           Dividend and interest income from financial assets at FVTPL               6,145,699         5,943,362

           Dividend from financial assets at FVTOCI                                      23,225          426,075

           Net losses from disposal of debt instruments measured at FVTOCI             (172,275)           (5,827)

           Net losses on derecognition of debt instruments at amortized cost             (6,481)                —

           Net gains on disposal of interests in an associate                                —           134,216

           Net (losses) gains from financial assets at FVTPL                         (2,456,690)       4,828,781

           Net gains (losses) from financial liabilities at FVTPL                      141,353         (1,048,759)

           Net gains (losses) from derivative financial instruments                  1,440,180           (823,053)

                                                                                     5,115,011         9,454,795



10. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS OR LOSSES, NET

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,

                                                                                           2022              2021

           Income from commodity trading                                             1,354,813         4,008,036

           Government grants(i)                                                        116,852             82,297

           Refund from tax withholding and remittance                                    81,631            33,447

           Rental income                                                                 16,453            19,147

           Foreign exchange (losses) gains, net                                         (50,521)           12,136

           Others                                                                      116,337             86,034

                                                                                     1,635,565         4,241,097

     (i)      Government grants represent the unconditional grants received by the Group from local government and
              are used for supporting the business at specific locations.




                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               301
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,

                                                                                              2022             2021

            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           349,557           326,505

            Depreciation of property and equipment                                        183,538           191,380

            Amortization of other non-current assets                                      158,797           122,855

            Amortization of other intangible assets                                          5,651            4,867

                                                                                          697,543           645,607



12. STAFF COSTS

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,

                                                                                              2022             2021

            Salaries, bonus and allowances                                              4,524,065         7,217,754

            Contributions to retirement benefits(i)                                       628,343           505,550

            Other social welfare(ii)                                                      472,920           382,201

            Others                                                                        177,542           210,251

                                                                                        5,802,870         8,315,756

      (i)      The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed retirement benefits plans,
               which are operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. According to the relevant
               regulations, retirement benefit contributions borne by the Group are calculated and paid to the relevant
               labour and social welfare authorities on a regular basis. These retirement benefits plans are defined
               contribution plans and contributions to the plans are expensed as incurred. In addition to the above
               retirement benefits plans, the Group also provides annuity schemes for certain qualified employees in
               the PRC. The employees’ and the Group’s contributions for the annuity schemes are calculated based
               on certain percentage of employees’ salaries and recognized in profit or loss as expense. These annuity
               schemes are defined contribution plans.
               The Group also operates MPF schemes for all qualified employees in Hong Kong. The Group contributes
               certain percentage of relevant payroll costs to the schemes, and contributions of the same amounts are
               made by employees but are subject to maximum for individual employees. The assets of the scheme are
               held separately from those of the Group, and in funds under the control of trustees.
      (ii)     The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in state-managed social welfare plans,
               including social pension insurance, health care insurance, housing funds and other social welfare
               contributions, which are operated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments. These social
               welfare plans are recognized as expense as incurred.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

302
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


13. FEE AND COMMISSION EXPENSES

                                                                            Year ended December 31,

                                                                                   2022              2021

    Securities and futures brokerage business                                2,372,981         2,752,580

    Underwriting and sponsorship business                                        44,416            62,183

    Financial advisory business                                                  17,819            12,842

    Asset management and fund management business                                 3,040             7,455

    Investment advisory business                                                 11,460               210

                                                                             2,449,716         2,835,270



14. INTEREST EXPENSES

                                                                            Year ended December 31,

                                                                                   2022              2021

    Bonds payables                                                           5,190,386         4,728,369

    Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                        2,127,449         2,607,276

    Short-term debt instruments                                                593,103         1,024,378

    Placements from banks and other financial institutions                     629,986           605,017

    Accounts payables to brokerage clients                                     468,274           300,554

    Borrowings                                                                 165,409           174,023

    Lease liabilities                                                            38,073            38,360

    Others                                                                     113,831           171,595

                                                                             9,326,511         9,649,572




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                       303
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


15. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                               Year ended December 31,

                                                                                    2022          2021

            Cost of commodity trading                                           1,364,247     3,998,450

            Labor insurance expenses                                              815,982      657,866

            Business and promotion expenses                                       334,374      429,080

            Electronic equipment operation expenses                               488,438      437,772

            Postal and communications expenses                                    222,814      177,528

            Member fees of stock exchange                                         333,451      249,715

            Clearing fee                                                          162,397      141,408

            Auditors’ remuneration                                                  4,114        3,795

            Others                                                                 30,240      150,705

                                                                                3,756,057     6,246,319

      (i)      Expense relating to short-term leases is RMB8,067 thousand (Year ended December 31, 2021:
               RMB11,396 thousand).


16. IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF
    REVERSAL

                                                                               Year ended December 31,

                                                                                    2022          2021

            Impairment loss on financial assets held under resale agreements
              (note 26)                                                           145,565      277,516

            Impairment loss on advances to customers (note 29)                     96,471       43,055

            Impairment loss on accounts and other receivables (note 30)            19,001       25,288

            Impairment loss on debt instruments at amortized cost (note 25)        54,686       23,505

            (Reversal of) Impairment loss on debt instruments at FVTOCI
              (note 31)                                                           (15,180)       3,697

                                                                                  300,543      373,061




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

304
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAX EXPENSES

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,

                                                                                         2022              2021

       Current tax:

       — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                   644,496         1,937,596

       — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                          1,357          126,775

                                                                                     645,853         2,064,371

       Over provision in respect of prior years:

       — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                    (37,487)          (11,805)

       — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                           (214)           (1,356)

                                                                                      (37,701)          (13,161)

       Deferred taxation

       — Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 27)                 (155,698)           (5,165)

                                                                                     452,454         2,046,045

      The reconciliation between the income tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 25% and the effective tax
rate is as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,

                                                                                         2022              2021

       Profit before income tax                                                    8,531,660        13,703,853

       Tax at the income tax rate of 25%                                           2,132,915         3,425,963

       Tax effect of share of result of associates                                   (415,428)         (400,064)

       Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                           92,460            30,303

       Tax effect of income that are not taxable                                   (1,141,311)         (732,064)

       Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                   22,686           (73,036)

       Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                         52,099             3,004

       Utilization of deferred tax assets previously not recognized                   (72,801)           (1,107)

       Over provision in respect of prior years                                       (37,701)          (13,161)

       Others                                                                        (180,465)         (193,793)

       Income tax expense for the year                                               452,454         2,046,045

      Majority of the tax losses comes from the subsidiaries in Hong Kong and these losses can be carried
forward indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the respective companies in which the
losses arose. These estimated tax losses have no expiry dates but are subject to the approval of the Hong Kong
Inland Revenue Department.

                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             305
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


18. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

      The calculation of basic earnings per share attributable to shareholders of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                               Year ended December 31,

                                                                                                           2022                 2021

        Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share:

        Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company                                        8,072,319                11,645,065

        Less: Profit attributable to holders of perpetual subordinated bonds                        (611,829)                (802,090)

                                                                                                  7,460,490                10,842,975

        Number of shares:

        Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                                8,696,526                 8,696,526

        Earnings per share:

        Earnings per share (in RMB)                                                                        0.86                  1.25

      For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no dilutive shares.


19. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                     Leasehold             Electronic and
                                                           land    Motor communication           Office Construction in
                                                  and buildings   vehicles    equipment      equipment        progress             Total

        Cost

        As at January 1, 2022                        1,277,180     60,431         964,112       63,934            30,900       2,396,557

        Additions                                            —      3,183         247,375        1,549            66,354        318,461

        Disposals                                            —     (3,031)        (60,941)       (1,902)              —          (65,874)

        Transfer to other non-current assets                 —         —               —             —          (65,816)         (65,816)

        Exchange differences                                 —       105            3,883        2,792             1,212          7,992

        As at December 31, 2022                      1,277,180     60,688       1,154,429       66,373            32,650       2,591,320

        Accumulated depreciation and impairment

        As at January 1, 2022                          310,909     51,643         515,446       38,053                —         916,051

        Charge for the year                             32,014      2,659         138,050       10,815                —         183,538

        Disposals                                            —     (2,880)        (57,840)       (1,801)              —          (62,521)

        Exchange differences                                 —       105            3,060        2,044                —           5,209

        As at December 31, 2022                        342,923     51,527         598,716       49,111                —        1,042,277

        Carrying values

        As at December 31, 2022                        934,257      9,161         555,713       17,262            32,650       1,549,043
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

306
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


19.PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                 Leasehold               Electronic and
                                                  land and       Motor communication           Office Construction in
                                                  buildings     vehicles    equipment      equipment        progress         Total

       Cost

       As at January 1, 2021                     1,329,857       60,464         945,547       58,539           39,146    2,433,553

       Additions                                        —            —          176,150       12,863           64,298     253,311

       Disposals                                        —            —         (159,478)       (6,493)             —      (165,971)

       Transfer to other non-current assets             —            —            3,803            —          (72,053)     (68,250)

       Final account                               (52,677)          —               —             —               —       (52,677)

       Exchange differences                             —           (33)         (1,910)        (975)            (491)      (3,409)

       As at December 31, 2021                   1,277,180       60,431         964,112       63,934           30,900    2,396,557

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment

       As at January 1, 2021                       278,700       48,303         524,635       34,886               —      886,524

       Charge for the year                          32,803        3,373         146,722        8,482               —      191,380

       Disposals                                        —            —         (154,272)       (5,229)             —      (159,501)

       Final account                                  (594)          —               —             —               —          (594)

       Exchange differences                             —           (33)         (1,639)          (86)             —        (1,758)

       As at December 31, 2021                     310,909       51,643         515,446       38,053               —      916,051

       Carrying values

       As at December 31, 2021                     966,271        8,788         448,666       25,881           30,900    1,480,506

     As at December 31, 2022, included in leasehold land and buildings were carrying values of RMB10,341
thousand (December 31, 2021: RMB830,366 thousand), for which the Group was in the progress to obtain
the relevant land and building certificates. The directors of the Company consider that this matter will not
have significant impact on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                             307
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


20. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                Land and     Leasehold
                                                                buildings         land       Total

        Cost

        As at January 1, 2022                                   2,426,752      432,600   2,859,352

        Additions                                                254,788            —     254,788

        Disposals                                                 (46,820)          —      (46,820)

        Exchange differences                                      19,161            —      19,161

        As at December 31, 2022                                 2,653,881      432,600   3,086,481

        Accumulated depreciation

        As at January 1, 2022                                   1,181,861       33,840   1,215,701

        Charge for the year                                      338,582        10,975    349,557

        Disposals                                                 (45,799)          —      (45,799)

        Exchange differences                                      10,376            —      10,376

        As at December 31, 2022                                 1,485,020       44,815   1,529,835

        Carrying values

        As at December 31, 2022                                 1,168,861      387,785   1,556,646




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

308
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


20. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                 Land and        Leasehold
                                                                 buildings            land              Total

       Cost

       As at January 1, 2021                                     2,087,869         432,600         2,520,469

       Additions                                                   559,067                —          559,067

       Disposals                                                  (213,684)               —          (213,684)

       Exchange differences                                         (6,500)               —            (6,500)

       As at December 31, 2021                                   2,426,752         432,600         2,859,352

       Accumulated depreciation

       As at January 1, 2021                                       888,640           22,865          911,505

       Charge for the year                                         315,530           10,975          326,505

       Other additions                                              54,666                —            54,666

       Disposals                                                   (73,340)               —           (73,340)

       Exchange differences                                         (3,635)               —            (3,635)

       As at December 31, 2021                                   1,181,861           33,840        1,215,701

       Carrying values

       As at December 31, 2021                                   1,244,891         398,760         1,643,651

     The Group leases offices for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for a fixed term of 12
months to 15 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period,
the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.
     For the year ended December 31, 2022, total cash outflow for leases amounted to RMB401,865
thousand (2021: RMB352,971 thousand).
     As at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the lease agreements did not impose any covenants
other than the security interests in the leased assets that were held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be
used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           309
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


21. INTERESTS IN CONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

      Structured entities consolidated by the Group include the asset management schemes, investment
funds and limited partnerships where the Group involves as a manager or as an investor. The Group assesses
whether the combination of investments it holds together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability
of returns from the activities of the structured entities to a level of such significance that it indicates that the
Group is a principal.
     As at December 31, 2022, the Group consolidated 56 (December 31, 2021: 48) structured entities.
The total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB22,473,686 thousand (2021:
RMB20,539,335 thousand).
     The financial impact of these structured entities on the Group’s financial position as at December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, though
consolidated, are not significant and therefore not disclosed separately.


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                       As at December 31,

                                                                                           2022             2021

        Cost of unlisted investments in associates                                   4,578,935         4,586,135

        Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income,
          net of dividends received                                                  6,836,064         5,731,873

        Sub-total                                                                   11,414,999       10,318,008

        Impairment loss                                                               (669,150)         (669,150)

                                                                                    10,745,849         9,648,858




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

310
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

     The following list contains only the particulars of material associates using the equity method in the
consolidated financial statements:

                                                                         Equity interest held
                                                                            by the Group
                                               Place and date of
                                                                             December 31,
                                               incorporation/
           Name of associates                  establishment                 2022       2021    Principal activities

           Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd.   PRC/July 13, 1998             49%        49%     Fund management

           China Merchants Fund Management
                                               PRC/December 27, 2002         45%        45%     Fund management
             Limited

           Guangdong Equity Exchange Center
                                               PRC/July 6, 2018              12%        12%     Transaction settlement services
             Co., Ltd.(i)

           Hunan China Merchants Xiangjiang
                                               PRC/March 13, 2008            40%        40%     Investment management
             Industry Management Co., Ltd.

           Twenty-first Century Technology
                                               PRC/June 19, 2000             23%        23%     Investment holding
             Investment Co., Ltd.*(ii)

     *         English name translated is for identification purpose only.
     (i)       Guangdong Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd. was recognized as an associate as the Group has rights to
               participate in its financial and operational decision making.
     (ii)      This associate has been undergoing liquidation, and impairment losses have been fully recognized and
               written off.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                           311
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    Summarized financial information of the Group’s material associates, and reconciled to the carrying
amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:
      Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                                                                           As at December 31 and
                                                                          year ended December 31,

                                                                                2022            2021

        Total assets                                                      11,788,482      10,849,149

        Total liabilities                                                  (3,485,359)    (3,714,036)

        Net assets                                                          8,303,123      7,135,113

        Revenue                                                             5,316,063      5,763,985

        Profit for the year                                                 1,724,397      1,778,698

        Other comprehensive income (expense)                                   13,613          (3,933)

        Total comprehensive income                                          1,738,010      1,774,765

        Dividends declared by the associate attributable to the Group        279,300         196,000

        Net assets of the associate attributable to the Group               8,303,123      7,135,113

        The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                    4,068,530      3,496,205

        — Goodwill                                                          3,425,523      3,425,523

        — Impairment loss recognized                                         (669,150)      (669,150)

        Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements            6,824,903      6,252,578




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

312
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   China Merchants Fund Management Limited

                                                                               As at December 31 and
                                                                              year ended December 31,

                                                                                     2022              2021

    Total assets                                                              12,309,577        10,149,304

    Total liabilities                                                          (4,134,635)       (3,158,060)

    Net assets                                                                 8,174,942         6,991,244

    Revenue                                                                    5,757,073         5,231,916

    Profit for the year                                                        1,812,981         1,602,598

    Other comprehensive (expense) income                                           (9,283)           24,611

    Total comprehensive income                                                 1,803,698         1,627,209

    Dividends declared by the associate attributable to the Group                279,000           244,040

    Net assets of the associate attributable to the Group                      8,174,942         6,991,244

    The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                           3,678,724         3,146,060

    — Goodwill                                                                   199,545           199,545

     Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                  3,878,269         3,345,605

   Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:

                                                                             As at December 31 and year
                                                                                 ended December 31,

                                                                                     2022              2021

    The Group’s share of profit for the year                                          915             7,762

    The Group’s share of other comprehensive income                                    —             22,095

    The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                   915            29,857

    Dividend declared by associates attributable to the Group                       1,713             2,240

    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests
     in these associates                                                           42,677            50,675




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         313
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


23. INTERESTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

     The Group is principally involved with structured entities through holding financial investments. These
structured entities generally purchase assets through raising funds from third party investors. The Group
determines whether or not to consolidate these structured entities depending on whether the Group has
control over them. The interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities are set out as
follows:


(1)   Structured entities sponsored by the Group

      Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group mainly include asset management schemes,
funds and limited partnerships. The nature and aim of these structured entities is to manage investors’ assets
and collect management fees. Financing is sustained through investment products issued to investors. The
interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities mainly involve management fees and
performance fees collected by the Group.
    As at December 31, 2022, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the
Group amounted to RMB343,388,410 thousand (2021: RMB475,795,492 thousand).
     The amount of fee income derived from these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the Group
are detailed in Note 7.


(2)   Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

     The types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but in which it holds an interest
include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued by banks
or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.
      The carrying amounts of the related accounts in the consolidated statement of financial position
represents the maximum exposure of losses to the Group for its interests in these unconsolidated structured
entities sponsored by third party institutions as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. They are accounted for as
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and listed as below:

                                                                               As at December 31, 2022

                                                                                      2022             2021

        Funds                                                                  50,079,136       23,756,461

        Trust schemes                                                              232,395       3,495,651

        Wealth management products                                                 998,231         401,000

        Others                                                                 18,549,994       68,060,297

                                                                               69,859,756       95,713,409




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

314
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


24. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                    2022              2021

       Equity investments                                                     1,628,336         1,409,254

                                                                              1,628,336         1,409,254

      The investments represent equity investments and are only used by the Company for securities lending.
Due to the Company’s changes in strategy, the Group disposed of these investments and a loss after tax
arising from such disposals amounting to RMB12,537 thousand was reclassified from other comprehensive
income to retained earnings.


25. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT AMORTIZED COST

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                    2022              2021

       Non-current

       Bonds                                                                      20,422          164,590

       Less: Expected credit losses                                                  (11)               (84)

                                                                                  20,411          164,506

       Current

       Bonds                                                                    622,751           977,320

       Less: Expected credit losses                                              (83,602)          (24,200)

                                                                                539,149           953,120




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                        315
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


25. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT AMORTIZED COST (Continued)

(2)   Movements of expected credit losses are as follows


                                                                                      As at December 31,

                                                                                          2022         2021

        At the beginning of the year                                                    24,284        1,134

        Expected credit losses recognized                                               54,686       23,505

        Exchange differences                                                             4,643         (355)

        At the end of the year                                                          83,613       24,284

                                                          As at December 31, 2022

                                       12 months           Life time                Life time
                                         (stage 1)         (stage 2)                (stage 3)           Total

        Principal and interest              536,144                 —                107,029          643,173

        Expected credit losses                 346                  —                 83,267           83,613

                                                          As at December 31, 2021

                                       12 months           Life time                Life time
                                         (stage 1)         (stage 2)                (stage 3)           Total

        Principal and interest          1,048,443               93,467                    —         1,141,910

        Expected credit losses                 660              23,624                    —            24,284

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the stage 3 expected credit losses on debt instruments at
amortized cost was entirely transferred from the stage 2 carrying balance as of December 31, 2021. (2021:
There was no transfer between the stages of expected credit losses.)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

316
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS

(1)   Analyzed by collateral type and market of financial assets held under resale agreements


                                                                                          As at December 31,

                                                                                              2022              2021

            Non-current

            Analyzed by collateral type:

            Listed equity investments(i)                                                  125,224           665,863

            Analyzed by market:

            Stock exchanges                                                               125,224           665,863

            Less: Expected credit losses                                                        (25)               —

                                                                                          125,199           665,863

            Current

            Analyzed by collateral type:

            Listed equity investments(i)                                               14,145,765        13,774,595

            Bonds                                                                      36,195,898        25,498,711

            Sub-total                                                                  50,341,663        39,273,306

            Analyzed by market:

            Stock exchanges                                                            29,404,870        18,422,481

            Interbank bond market                                                      20,936,793        20,850,825

            Sub-total                                                                  50,341,663        39,273,306

            Less: Expected credit losses                                                  (886,117)         (740,577)

                                                                                       49,455,546        38,532,729

      (i)      Financial assets (pledged by stocks) held under resale agreements and securities back-lending are resale
               agreements entered into by the Group with qualified investors with a commitment to purchasing the
               specified securities at a future date with an agreed price.
    As at December 31, 2022, the Group received collateral amounted to RMB83,900 million (2021:
RMB78,449 million) in connection with its reverse resale agreements and securities back-lending.




                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                  317
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses are as follows


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2022             2021

        At the beginning of the year                                                 740,577          463,061

        Expected credit losses recognized                                            145,565          277,516

        At the end of the year                                                       886,142          740,577

      Details of expected credit losses and the fair value of the collateral of the repurchase agreements related
to stocks are as follows:

                                                           As at December 31, 2022

                                       12 months             Life time           Life time
                                         (stage 1)           (stage 2)           (stage 3)               Total

        Principal and interest         12,934,277             122,016           1,214,696           14,270,989

        Expected credit losses              13,905              2,400             869,837              886,142

        Collateral                     38,335,574             652,280             435,027           39,422,881

                                                           As at December 31, 2021

                                       12 months             Life time           Life time
                                         (stage 1)           (stage 2)           (stage 3)               Total

        Principal and interest         13,157,522                  —            1,282,936           14,440,458

        Expected credit losses              17,448                 —              723,129              740,577

        Collateral                     47,768,310                  —              888,916           48,657,226




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

318
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (Continued)

(3)   The following tables show reconciliation of loss allowances that has been recognized for
      financial assets held under resale agreements.


                                                              Stage 2       Stage 3
                                            Stage 1     Lifetime ECL       Lifetime
                                         12 months       (not credit-   ECL (credit-
                                                ECL         impaired)     impaired)              Total

       At January 1, 2022                    17,448               —         723,129           740,577

       Changes in the expected credit
         losses:

       — Transfer to Stage 1                      —               —               —                  —

       — Transfer to Stage 2                      —               —               —                  —

       — Transfer to Stage 3                      —               —               —                  —

       — Charged to profit or loss            (3,543)          2,400        146,708           145,565

       At December 31, 2022                  13,905            2,400        869,837           886,142

                                                              Stage 2       Stage 3
                                            Stage 1     Lifetime ECL       Lifetime
                                         12 months       (not credit-   ECL (credit-
                                                ECL         impaired)     impaired)              Total

       At January 1, 2021                    13,980              601        448,480           463,061

       Changes in the expected credit
         losses:

       — Transfer to Stage 1                      —               —               —                  —

       — Transfer to Stage 2                      —               —               —                  —

       — Transfer to Stage 3                  (4,269)             —            4,269                 —

       — Charged to profit or loss            7,737             (601)       270,380           277,516

       At December 31, 2021                  17,448               —         723,129           740,577




                                                                                       2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                    319
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


27. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (LIABILITIES)

      The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                            As at December 31,

                                                                                                                 2022               2021

        Deferred tax assets                                                                               1,832,205          1,561,415

        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            (482,293)            (491,857)

                                                                                                          1,349,912          1,069,558

     The followings are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized and movements thereon during
the year:

                                        Financial                                               Financial
                                    instruments                                             instruments
                                    at fair value                                           at fair value
                                  through profit                                          through other
                                        and loss/     Accrued     Deferred    Impairment comprehensive Property and
                                     derivatives    staff costs    income      allowances         income  equipment     Others          Total

        At January 1, 2021             (596,943)    1,461,359       29,835       147,914       (94,889)          —      80,987      1,028,263

        (Charge) credit to
           profit or loss              (148,994)        92,032        (799)       63,005            —        (2,815)     2,736         5,165

        Credit to other
           comprehensive income               —             —           —             —        35,300            —          —         35,300

        Exchange differences                  —             —           —          1,331          (513)          —         12            830

        At December 31, 2021           (745,937)    1,553,391       29,036       212,250       (60,102)      (2,815)    83,735      1,069,558

        At January 1, 2022             (745,937)    1,553,391       29,036       212,250       (60,102)      (2,815)    83,735      1,069,558

        (Credit) charge to
            profit or loss              228,317       (111,973)       (799)       31,067            —           862      8,224       155,698

        Credit to other
           comprehensive income               —             —           —             —       124,288            —          —        124,288

        Exchange differences                  —             —           —             —           113            —        255            368

        At December 31, 2022           (517,620)    1,441,418       28,237       243,317       64,299        (1,953)    92,214      1,349,912

     As at December 31, 2022, the Group has unused tax losses that available for offset against future
profits. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the above tax losses approximately
RMB370,477 thousand (2021: RMB73,951 thousand) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.
Included in unrecognised tax losses are losses of approximately RMB15,181 thousand (2021: Nil) with expiry
in 2027. Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

320
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


28. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2022              2021

       Leasehold improvements and deferred expenses                                  593,169          455,226

       Prepayment for investment                                                           —          291,815

                                                                                     593,169          747,041

      Leasehold improvements and deferred expenses are amortized within five years.


(2)   Movements of leasehold improvements and deferred expenses are as follows


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2022              2021

       At the beginning of the year                                                  455,226          348,166

       Additions                                                                     230,924          182,547

       Transfer from construction in progress (note 19)                               65,816            47,368

       Amortization                                                                 (158,797)         (122,855)

       At the end of the year                                                        593,169          455,226



29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2022              2021

       Advances to customers                                                     81,785,847        98,832,293

       Less: Expected credit losses                                                 (244,731)         (145,787)

                                                                                 81,541,116        98,686,506

      Credit facility limits granted to margin clients are determined by the discounted market value of
collateral securities accepted by the Group.
      The majority of the advances to customers which are secured by underlying pledged securities and cash
collateral as disclosed in Note 41 are interest bearing. The Group maintains a list of approved stocks for
margin lending with respective loan-to-collateral ratios. Any excess in the ratio will trigger a margin call upon
which the customers have to make good the difference.


                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            321
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (Continued)

(2)   Analyzed by fair value of collateral of margin financing and securities lending business


                                                                                      As at December 31,
                                                                                          2022             2021
        Collateral measured at fair value:
        Cash                                                                        8,360,104         9,019,690
        Bonds                                                                         781,082         1,929,661
        Equity securities                                                     205,593,006           272,671,945
        Funds                                                                       3,489,182         2,207,212
                                                                              218,223,374           285,828,508



(3)   The movements of allowance of impairment losses are as follows


                                                                                      As at December 31,
                                                                                          2022             2021
        At the beginning of the year                                                  145,787          107,239
        Expected credit losses recognized                                               96,471          43,055
        Write-off of expected credit losses                                                     —        (3,996)
        Exchange differences                                                             2,473             (511)
        At the end of the year                                                        244,731          145,787

                                                          As at December 31, 2022
                                        12 months          Life time                Life time
                                          (stage 1)        (stage 2)                (stage 3)               Total
        Principal and interest          81,396,880              82,991               305,976           81,785,847
        Expected credit losses               101,599               86                143,046             244,731

                                                          As at December 31, 2021
                                        12 months          Life time                Life time
                                          (stage 1)        (stage 2)                (stage 3)               Total
        Principal and interest          98,444,765          126,754                  260,774           98,832,293
        Expected credit losses                55,219              113                 90,455             145,787




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

322
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


29. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (Continued)

(4)   The following tables show reconciliation of expected credit losses that has been recognized for
      advances to customers.


                                                                  Stage 2       Stage 3
                                                            Lifetime ECL       Lifetime
                                                Stage 1      (not credit-   ECL (credit-
                                               12m ECL          impaired)     impaired)          Total ECL

       As at January 1, 2022                     55,219              113          90,455          145,787

       Changes in the expected credit
         losses:

       — Transfer to Stage 1                          —               —               —                  —

       — Transfer to Stage 2                         (17)             17              —                  —

       — Transfer to Stage 3                        (233)             —              233                 —

       — Write-off of expected credit
        losses                                        —               —               —                  —

       — Charged (credit) to profit or loss      46,630              (44)         52,358            98,944

       As at December 31, 2022                  101,599               86        143,046           244,731

                                                                  Stage 2       Stage 3
                                                            Lifetime ECL       Lifetime
                                                Stage 1      (not credit-   ECL (credit-
                                               12m ECL          impaired)     impaired)          Total ECL

       As at January 1, 2021                     52,186               66          54,987          107,239

       Changes in the expected credit
         losses:

       — Transfer to Stage 1                          —               —               —                  —

       — Transfer to Stage 2                         (73)             73              —                  —

       — Transfer to Stage 3                      (2,337)            (11)          2,348                 —

       — Write-off of expected credit
        losses                                        —               —           (3,996)           (3,996)

       — Charged (credit) to profit or loss       5,443              (15)         37,116            42,544

       As at December 31, 2021                   55,219              113          90,455          145,787




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                        323
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


30. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

(1)   Analyzed by nature


                                                                                       As at December 31,

                                                                                           2022             2021

        Accounts and other receivables from/related to:

        Clearing houses, brokers and dealers                                         2,614,256         2,184,661

        Deposits of OTC derivative business                                          1,945,603         1,627,462

        Fee and commission income                                                      868,168         1,040,738

        Other receivables                                                              113,456           110,449

        Dividends receivable                                                             21,148                 456

        Others                                                                         317,530           336,723

        Sub-total                                                                    5,880,161         5,300,489

        Less: Expected credit losses of accounts and other receivables                  (59,748)         (40,243)

                                                                                     5,820,413         5,260,246

      Fair value gain or losses arising from these business are recorded in derivative assets or liabilities.


(2)   Analyzed by ageing

     As at the end of the year, the ageing analysis based on transaction dates of accounts and other
receivables, which is primarily comprised of fees and commission receivable and receivables related funds
redemption, is as follows:

                                                 As at December 31, 2022            As at December 31, 2021

                                                                   Expected                            Expected
                                                    Amount      credit losses          Amount       credit losses

        Within 1 year                             5,545,410               (177)      5,109,520                  (671)

        Between 1 and 2 years                       163,235           (11,835)           55,699            (2,236)

        Between 2 and 3 years                         50,409          (12,236)           53,325          (18,549)

        Over 3 years                                121,107           (35,500)           81,945          (18,787)

                                                  5,880,161           (59,748)       5,300,489           (40,243)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

324
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


31. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

(1)   Analyzed by type


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2022               2021

       Current

       Government bonds                                                         42,024,156          22,599,689

       Bonds issued by policy banks                                              1,514,649           4,254,253

       Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions         5,427,777                    —

       Others                                                                   11,921,946          13,728,381

                                                                                60,888,528          40,582,323



(2)   Movements of allowances for expected credit losses are as follows


                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2022               2021

       At the beginning of the year                                                   21,840             18,575

       Expected credit losses recognized                                                    —             3,697

       Reversal of expected credit losses                                            (15,180)                 —

       Exchange differences                                                              932               (432)

       At the end of the year                                                          7,592             21,840

                                                           As at December 31, 2022

                                       12 months            Life time           Life time
                                         (stage 1)          (stage 2)           (stage 3)                  Total

       Principal and interest          60,888,528                  —                   —             60,888,528

       Expected credit losses               7,592                  —                   —                   7,592

                                                           As at December 31, 2021

                                       12 months            Life time           Life time
                                         (stage 1)          (stage 2)           (stage 3)                  Total

       Principal and interest          40,534,828              47,495                  —             40,582,323

       Expected credit losses               4,982              16,858                  —                 21,840

     During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, there was no material transfer between the stages
of expected credit losses.
                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             325
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


32. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                    As at December 31

                                                                                       2022             2021

            Current

            Debt securities                                                    148,400,039      155,037,861

            Funds                                                                50,079,136       23,603,284

            Equity investments(i)                                                23,239,597       17,758,074

            Others(ii)                                                           10,278,876       58,367,571

            Sub-total                                                          231,997,648      254,766,790

            Non-current

            Funds                                                                         —          153,177

            Equity investments(i)                                                 3,355,941        4,536,836

            Others(ii)                                                            6,422,401        5,887,475

            Sub-total                                                             9,778,342       10,577,488

      (i)       Equity investments comprise of unlisted equity investments.
      (ii)      Others mainly represent investments in collective asset management schemes, wealth management
                products, trusts and investments in limited partnerships.
     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are determined as described
in Note 63.
      As at December 31, 2022, debt securities of RMB2,048,692 thousand (2021: 1,708,716 thousand) and
RMB27,053,174 thousand (2021: 15,466,674 thousand) classified as FVTPL were pledged as collateral for
certain derivative transactions and securities borrowing, respectively. Moreover, it also entered into certain
repurchase and securities leading arrangements and the details are disclosed in Note 56.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

326
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


33. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                          As at December 31, 2022                                 As at December 31, 2021

                                                          Non-Hedging Instruments                             Non-Hedging Instruments

                                                  Notional               Fair Value                   Notional                   Fair Value
                                                  principal                                           principal
                                                  amounts             Assets          Liabilities     amounts                Assets           Liabilities

       Interest derivative instrument         1,288,145,882          27,929              12,314     278,309,095             685,971             704,685

       Equity derivative instrument            140,435,636         3,328,149          2,697,403     135,518,609           2,376,353           3,707,597

       Currency derivatives                     25,913,288          213,901              35,947      40,545,960               3,524              48,959

       Credit derivatives                          997,806             8,047                144        860,000                9,861                 345

       Other derivative instrument              60,578,529           86,660             129,231      38,112,697             128,932             155,406

                                              1,516,071,141        3,664,686          2,875,039     493,346,361           3,204,641           4,616,992

      Under a daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position
in the PRC futures contracts, interest rate swap contracts and bond forward contracts traded in the National
Interbank Funding Center and foreign exchange contracts traded in the China Foreign Exchange Trade System
are settled daily and the corresponding receipts and payments are included in “clearing settlement funds”.
Accordingly, these contracts are presented after netting of their settlements at the end of the reporting
period.




                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                   327
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


34. DEPOSITS WITH EXCHANGES AND NON-BANK FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                            2022          2021

        Deposits with stock exchanges and clearing houses:

        China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited     848,929     1,115,266

        Shanghai Clearing House                                          668,000       576,337

        Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                     87,003       134,668

        Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                          23,486              552

        The SEHK Options Clearing House Limited                              603        12,804

        China Beijing Equity Exchange                                          —         2,878

        Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges and
          financial institutions:

        China Financial Futures Exchange                                5,391,792    6,784,949

        Dalian Commodity Exchange                                       2,056,337    1,548,864

        Shanghai Futures Exchange                                       1,228,495    1,189,585

        Others                                                          1,908,579    1,775,888

                                                                       12,213,224   13,141,791




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

328
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


35. CLEARING SETTLEMENT FUNDS

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2022              2021

       Clearing settlement funds held with clearing houses for:

       House accounts                                                          7,875,448        6,893,468

       Clients                                                                15,929,458       18,979,905

                                                                              23,804,906       25,873,373

      These clearing settlement funds are held by the clearing houses for the Group and these balances carry
interest at prevailing market interest rates.


36. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2022              2021

       Bank balances – house accounts                                         24,248,926        9,777,458

       House accounts                                                         22,524,645        7,703,770

       Pledged and restricted bank deposits

       — Restricted bank deposit for purchase of bond, stock and as risk
        reserve and credit (note 37)                                           1,724,281        2,073,688

       Cash held on behalf of customers                                       89,128,338       78,160,803

                                                                             113,377,264       87,938,261



37. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     Cash and cash equivalents comprise the followings:

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2022              2021

       Bank balances – house accounts (note 36)                               24,076,253        9,777,458

       Clearing settlement funds – house accounts (note 35)                    7,875,016        6,893,468

       Less: Pledged and restricted bank deposits (note 36)                   (1,724,281)       (2,073,688)

                                                                              30,226,988       14,597,238




                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                        329
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


38. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                                                As at December 31,

                                                                                                   2022              2021

            Current

            Secured bank borrowings(i)                                                           30,675                 —

            Unsecured bank borrowings(ii)                                                     10,543,978       5,246,025

            Interests accrued                                                                    34,249             1,981

                                                                                              10,608,902       5,248,006

      (i)       As at December 31, 2022, the Group’s secured bank borrowings were funds that the Group had
                financed from banks by discounting outstanding bills receivable at a discount rate of 1.70% (2021:Nil).
      (ii)      As at December 31, 2022, the floating interest rates of Group’s short-term unsecured bank borrowings
                ranged from 1.85%-6.10% (2021: 0.96%-1.44%) per annum while the Group had no unsecured bank
                borrowings bear fixed interest rates (2021: the fixed interest rate of these borrowings was 4.00%) per
                annum.


39. SHORT-TERM DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                    As at                       Redemption/          As at
                                                                January 1,        Issuance/        Exchange    December 31,
                                                  Coupon rate        2022    Other Transfer       difference          2022

            Short-term bond payables              1.88%-3.25%    4,200,000       6,600,000        10,800,000             —

            Short-term financing bills payables   1.82%-2.75%    1,800,000       35,000,000       12,800,000     24,000,000

            Principals of income certificates     0.05%-7.18%   20,609,046       10,757,092       30,374,507        991,631

            Interest accrued                                       326,793         581,453           751,878        156,368

                                                                26,935,839      52,938,545        54,726,385     25,147,999




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

330
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


39. SHORT-TERM DEBT INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                   As at                       Redemption/           As at
                                                               January 1,        Issuance/        Exchange     December 31,
                                               Coupon rate          2021    Other Transfer       difference           2021

         Short-term bond payables                   3.25%      2,100,000        4,200,000         2,100,000       4,200,000

         Short-term financing bills payables        2.75%              —       50,800,000        49,000,000       1,800,000

         Principals of income certificates     0.74%-3.70%    33,841,112       31,872,390        45,104,456      20,609,046

         Interest accrued                                        275,646          998,541          947,394          326,793

                                                              36,216,758       87,870,931        97,151,850      26,935,839



40. PLACEMENTS FROM BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

                                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                                  2022               2021

         Placement from banks(i)                                                             10,800,000        2,230,000

         Placement from other financial institutions(ii)                                              —        4,500,000

         Interest accrued                                                                         2,438            13,717

                                                                                             10,802,438        6,743,717

   (i)       As at December 31, 2022, the effective interest rates on amount due to banks ranged from 1.96%-
             3.45% (2021: 2.23%-3.10%) per annum.
   (ii)      As at December 31, 2021, the effective rate interest rate on amount due to other financial institutions
             was 2.80% per annum.


41. ACCOUNTS PAYABLES TO BROKERAGE CLIENTS

                                                                                               As at December 31,

                                                                                                  2022               2021

         Clients’ deposits for margin financing and securities lending                        8,360,104        9,019,690

         Clients’ deposits for other brokerage business                                      98,017,550       90,585,652

                                                                                         106,377,654          99,605,342




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       331
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


41. ACCOUNTS PAYABLES TO BROKERAGE CLIENTS (Continued)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent money received from and repayable to brokerage
clients, which are mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage
clients are interest bearing at the prevailing interest rate.
     The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayables on demand except for certain accounts
payable to brokerage clients represent money received from clients for their margin financing activities under
normal course of business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excessive amounts over
the required margin deposits and cash collateral stipulated are repayable on demand.
      The directors of the Company are of the opinion that an ageing analysis does not give additional value
in view of the nature of these businesses. As a result, no ageing analysis is disclosed.


42. ACCRUED STAFF COSTS

                                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                                           2022             2021

            Non-current

            Salaries, bonus and allowances                                               97,490          223,661

            Current

            Salaries, bonus and allowances                                            6,355,091        7,927,716

            Short-term social welfare                                                    52,054           52,054

            Defined contribution plans(i)                                                    911            1,218

            Others                                                                       53,325           78,313

                                                                                      6,461,381        8,059,301

      (i)      The defined contribution plans refer to social pension insurance plan and unemployment insurance plan
               required by the government, and annuity scheme launched by the Group. The Group participates in the
               social pension insurance plan and unemployment insurance plan pursuant to pertinent regulations and
               contributes to these funds set up by the governments on a monthly basis. Besides, the Group sets up
               annuity schemes and MPF schemes for qualified employees in the PRC and Hong Kong and contributes
               to these schemes, which are managed by third parties, on an annual basis or on a monthly basis.
     The total expense recognized in profit or loss of RMB628,343 thousand (2021: RMB505,550 thousand)
represents contributions payables to these plans by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the plans. As at
December 31, 2022, contributions of RMB911 thousand due in respect of the year ended December 31, 2022
had not been paid to these plans (2021: RMB1,218 thousand). The amounts were paid subsequent to the end
of reporting period.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

332
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


43. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED CHARGES

                                                                                        As at December 31,

                                                                                            2022              2021

         Deposits of equity return swaps(i)                                          19,405,427        23,617,908

         Settlement payables to brokers and clearing houses                           5,389,622         5,106,756

         Notes payables                                                                 942,000         1,772,900

         Dividends payables to holders of other equity instruments                      574,515           592,196

         Other tax payables                                                             530,156           556,606

         Commission and handling fee payables                                           145,738           134,191

         Futures risk reserve                                                           138,519           116,382

         Others(ii)                                                                     412,494           793,944

                                                                                     27,538,471        32,690,883

   (i)       As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance mainly represents deposits received from investors
             on equity return swaps which is refundable according to the contract terms upon the expiry date. The
             deposit will be mature within one year from the end of the reporting period. These instruments contain
             non-closely related embedded derivatives as their returns are linked to the fluctuation of certain stock
             indexes or specific stock prices. For those embedded derivatives with significant fair values, they are
             accounted for in these consolidated financial statements under note 33 after having been bifurcated
             form their respective host contracts.
   (ii)      Others mainly represent payables of annual membership fees, investor protection fund, and other
             payables arising from normal course of business.




                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                333
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


44. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                                  2022              2021

            Non-current

            Financial liabilities designated at fair value through
              profit or loss

            — Structured entities(i)                                                        1,372,080         1,867,596

            Current

            Financial liabilities held for trading

            — Equity securities                                                             1,437,918           383,159

            — Debt securities                                                             41,818,085         18,621,982

            — Structured notes                                                              1,483,752         1,753,125

            — Others                                                                          215,462           434,603

                                                                                          44,955,217         21,192,869

            Financial liabilities designated at fair value through
              profit or loss

            — Structured entities(i)                                                        1,416,723           127,473

                                                                                          46,371,940         21,320,342

      (i)      In the consolidated financial statements, financial liabilities arising from consolidated structured entities
               are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to
               pay other investors based on net book values and related terms upon maturity dates of the structured
               entities.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

334
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


45. FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2022              2021

       Current

       Analyzed by collateral type:

       Bonds                                                                   111,543,173       106,741,683

       Gold                                                                       9,262,300       20,676,047

                                                                               120,805,473       127,417,730

       Analyzed by market:

       Stock exchanges                                                           16,064,354       45,340,025

       Interbank bond market                                                   100,886,752        79,482,490

       Over-the-counter                                                           3,854,367        2,595,215

                                                                               120,805,473       127,417,730

     Sales and repurchase agreements are transactions in which the Group sells a security as well as rights
and interests in margin loans and simultaneously agree to repurchase it (or an asset that is substantially the
same) at the agreed dates and prices. These securities are not derecognized from the financial statements but
regarded as “collateral” for the liabilities because the Group retains substantially all the risk and rewards of
these securities and margin loans.
     As at December 31, 2022, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with its repurchase financing
business amounted to RMB135,670 million (2021: RMB147,234 million).


46. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2022              2021

       Within 1 year                                                                330,846          321,889

       Within a period of more than 1 year but not more than 2 years                263,269          260,417

       Within a period of more than 2 years but not more than 5 years               415,927          451,283

       Within a period of more than 5 years                                         233,304          283,876

       Sub-total                                                                  1,243,346        1,317,465

       Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months
         shown under current liabilities                                           (330,846)         (321,889)

       Amount due for settlement after 12 months
        shown under non-current liabilities                                         912,500          995,576




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           335
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


47. SHARE CAPITAL

   All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The
Company’s number of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                     2022             2021

        Registered, issued and fully paid ordinary shares of RMB1 each:

        At the beginning and at the end of the year

        — Domestic shares                                                       7,422,006       7,422,006

        — Foreign invested shares                                               1,274,520       1,274,520

                                                                                8,696,526       8,696,526



48. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

                                                   At the                                           At the
                                               beginning                                            end of
                                              of the year        Addition    Redemption           the year

        Perpetual subordinated bonds          15,000,000        15,000,000    (15,000,000)     15,000,000

     The Company issued four batches of perpetual subordinated bonds with a total principal amount
of RMB4,000,000,000, RMB5,000,000,000, RMB3,700,000,000 and RMB2,300,000,000 in February,
March, May and June 2017, with the initial interest rate of 5.18%, 5.15%, 5.65% and 5.58% per annum,
respectively. The interest rates for these perpetual subordinated bonds are repriced every five years.
      The perpetual subordinated bonds are unsecured, and upon the maturity of every repricing cycle, the
Company has the option to extend the maturity of the bonds for another repricing cycle, or redeem the bonds
entirely.
     The Company has the option to defer interest payments, except in the event of mandatory interest
payments, so that at each interest payment date, the Company may choose to defer the interest payment
to the next payment date for the current year as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred,
without being subject to any limitation with respect to the number of deferrals. Of which, mandatory interest
payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders of the Company from the issuer
and reductions of registered capital.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

336
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


48. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    The Company did not exercise the issuer’s renewal option and redeemed four matured batches
of perpetual subordinated bonds with principals of RMB4,000,000,000, RMB5,000,000,000,
RMB3,700,000,000 and RMB2,300,000,000, which were issued in February, March, May and June 2017.
     The 2019 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders convened by the Company on 19 May 2020 passed
the Proposal on the General Authorization of the Company’s Debt Financing Instruments, and approved the
Bond Issuance Plan and related matters at the 35th General Meeting of Presidents’ Office held on October
25, 2021 within the scope of the authorization of the General Meeting of Shareholders and the Board of
Directors.
      On 26 January 2022, the China Securities Regulatory Commission issued the Approval of China
Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to Publicly Issue Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds Registration to
Professional Investors (CSRC Permit [2022] No. 222), agreeing to the Company’s application for publicly
issuing perpetual subordinate corporate bonds with a total face value of not more than RMB15 billion to
professional investors.
       On March 24, April 19, April 26 and June 8, 2022, the Company completed the issuance of the
first tranche of 2022 RMB4,300,000,000, the second tranche of RMB4,700,000,000, the third tranche of
RMB4,000,000,000 and the fourth tranche of RMB2,000,000,000, respectively, with a cumulative issuance
amount of RMB15 billion. And the interest rates of above perpetual subordinated bonds ranged from 3.72%-
3.95%.
      The Company shall have the right of redemption attached to the above bonds, and on the 5th and
subsequent coupon payment days of the above bonds, the Company shall be entitled to redeem the above
bonds at par value plus interest payable; the Company also has the option to defer interest payments, except
in the event of mandatory interest payments, so that at each interest payment date, the Company may choose
to defer the interest payment to the next payment date for the current year as well as all interest and accreted
interest already deferred, without being subject to any limitation with respect to the number of deferrals. Of
which, mandatory interest payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders of the
Company from the issuer and reductions of registered capital.
      The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified and presented as equity
instruments in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          337
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


49. INVESTMENT REVALUATION RESERVE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE
    THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                 2022          2021

        At the beginning of the year                                          196,165       288,626

        Debt instruments at FVTOCI

          Net changes in fair value for the year                              (376,209)      74,805

          Reclassification to profit or loss                                  172,275         5,827

          Income tax impact                                                    52,309       (26,047)

        Expected credit losses of debt instruments at FVTOCI

          Net changes in profit or loss for ECL Reclassification adjustment    (15,180)       3,697

          Income tax impact                                                       (111)            513

        Equity instruments at FVTOCI

          Net changes in fair value for the year                              (296,999)    (220,830)

          Transfer to retained profits                                         12,537       (22,508)

          Income tax impact                                                    72,090        60,834

        Share of other comprehensive income of associates

          Transfer to retained profits                                              —        22,095

          Share of other comprehensive income that will be reclassified
            subsequently to profit or loss                                       2,493        9,153

        At the end of the year                                                (180,630)     196,165




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

338
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


50. GENERAL RESERVES

     General reserve include statutory reserve, general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.
     In accordance with the Company Law of the PRC and the Articles of Association, 10% of the net profit of
the Company is required to be allocated to the statutory reserve until the statutory reserve has reached 50%
of the share capital of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the accumulated surplus reserve has reached
50% of the Company’s registered capital and therefore no further allocation is required for this year.
      In accordance with the “Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises” (Cai Zheng Bu Order No. 42) and the
application guidance of Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises (Cai Jin [2007] No. 23) issued by the Ministry
of Finance People’s Republic of China (“MOF”), the Company, China Merchants Securities Asset Management
Co., Ltd. and China Merchants Futures Co., Ltd. are required to appropriate 10% of net profit derived in
accordance with the People’s Republic of China Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“PRC GAAP”)
before distribution to shareholders as general risk reserve from retained profits.
     In accordance with the “Interim Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Risk Reserves of
Publicly Offered Securities Investment Funds (CSRC Order No. 94)“ and the requirements of the guidance
of CSRC about regulating financial institutions in the asset management business for collective asset
management business of securities (CSRC Announcement [2018] No. 39), the Company is required to
appropriate 10% of its management fees earned from public offering products and large-size collective assets
management business as general risk reserve. Moreover, no further general risk reserve is required when
reserve balance reach 1% of the net asset value of the asset management plan at the end of last quarter.
      The Company and China Merchants Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. appropriate 10% of net
profit derived in accordance with PRC GAAP before distribution to shareholders as transaction risk reserve
from retained profits and cannot be distributed or transferred to share capital.
     The movements of the general reserve are as follows:
     As at December 31, 2022

                                                                    At the
                                                                beginning                         At the end
                                                               of the year         Addition       of the year
       Statutory reserve(i)                                      5,236,148                —           5,236,148
       General risk reserve                                      8,075,605          806,194           8,881,799
       Transaction risk reserve                                  7,432,305          728,747           8,161,052

                                                                20,744,058        1,534,941          22,278,999




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            339
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


50. GENERAL RESERVE (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2021

                                                                         At the
                                                                     beginning                         At the end
                                                                    of the year         Addition       of the year
            Statutory reserve(i)                                      5,236,148                 —        5,236,148
            General risk reserve                                      6,914,897         1,160,708        8,075,605
            Transaction risk reserve                                  6,363,594         1,068,711        7,432,305
                                                                     18,514,639         2,229,419      20,744,058

      (i)      The statutory reserve has reached 50% of the share capital of the Company at December 31, 2022 and
               2021. Therefore, no net profit of the Company was transferred to the statutory surplus during the year.


51. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                             2022             2021

            Unsecured bank borrowings                                                     892,436                —

            Interest accrued                                                                2,724               642

                                                                                          895,160               642



52. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS

                                                                                         As at December 31,

                                                                                             2022             2021

            Unsecured bank borrowings                                                     267,981          979,540

            Analysed by maturity:

            1 to 2 years                                                                  178,654                —

            2 to 5 years                                                                   89,327          979,540

                                                                                          267,981          979,540

     As at December 31, 2022, the Group’s unsecured long-term bank borrowings bore floating interest rate
of 5.619%-5.663% (2021: 1.259%-1.711%) per annum.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

340
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


53. BONDS PAYABLES DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                              As at December 31,

                                                                                 2022               2021

       Non-convertible bonds(1)                                           30,482,178         29,996,864

       Subordinated bonds(2)                                              13,194,316                   —

       Income certificates                                                16,421,328            338,298

       Interest accrued                                                      3,123,224        2,585,580

                                                                          63,221,046         32,920,742



(1)   The following table presents an analysis of non-convertible bonds


                                                       Issue         Value      Maturity         Coupon
       Name                             Currency     amount           date         date             rate

       12CM03                               CNY     5,500,000   2013/03/05     2023/03/05          5.15%

       CMSEC N2301                          USD       300,000   2020/01/21     2023/01/21          2.63%

       20CMG1                               CNY     3,000,000   2020/07/22     2023/07/22          3.55%

       20CMG3                               CNY     3,000,000   2020/08/13     2023/08/13          3.50%

       20CMG5                               CNY     2,900,000   2020/09/21     2023/09/21          3.78%

       20CMG7                               CNY     1,000,000   2020/10/26     2023/10/26          3.63%

       21CMG1                               CNY     1,500,000   2021/01/18     2023/01/18          3.24%

       21CMF2                               CNY     7,500,000   2021/02/26     2023/08/26          3.85%

       21CMG4                               CNY     2,000,000   2021/07/12     2023/07/12          3.00%

       21CMG6                               CNY     2,000,000   2021/07/29     2023/10/12          2.95%



(2)   The details of subordinated bonds are as follows:


                                                       Issue         Value      Maturity         Coupon
       Name                             Currency     amount           date         date             rate

       20CMC1                               CNY     4,430,000   2020/12/03     2023/06/03          4.38%

       20CMC2                               CNY     1,070,000   2020/12/03     2023/12/03          4.43%

       21CMC4                               CNY     3,000,000   2021/05/18     2023/11/18          3.55%

       21CMC5                               CNY     2,700,000   2021/06/24     2023/06/24          3.48%

       21CMC6                               CNY     2,000,000   2021/06/24     2023/12/23          3.60%



                                                                                         2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                      341
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


54. BONDS PAYABLES

                                                                                 As at December 31,

                                                                                    2022             2021

        Non-convertible bonds(1)                                            47,110,378          60,117,993

        Subordinated bonds(2)                                               21,783,914          34,955,405

        Income certificates                                                     2,512,404       18,125,187

        Interest accrued                                                               —          194,630

                                                                            71,406,696         113,393,215



(1)   The details of non-convertible bonds are as follows:


                                                          Issue        Value       Maturity        Coupon
        Name                              Currency      amount          date          date            rate

        14CM bond                             CNY      5,500,000   2015/05/26     2025/05/26        5.08%

        21CMG2                                CNY      4,500,000   2021/01/18     2024/01/18        3.53%

        21CMG3                                CNY      1,400,000   2021/01/28     2024/01/28        3.58%

       21CMG5                                 CNY      4,000,000   2021/07/12     2024/07/12        3.22%

       21CMG7                                 CNY      4,300,000   2021/07/29     2024/06/13        3.12%

       21CMG9                                 CNY      5,000,000   2021/08/12     2024/08/12        3.08%

       21CMG10                                CNY      2,000,000   2021/08/12     2026/08/12        3.41%

       CMSI GEM N2409                          USD      500,000    2021/09/16     2024/09/16        1.30%

       22CMG1                                 CNY      5,000,000   2022/01/17     2025/01/17        2.89%

       22CMG2                                 CNY      4,000,000   2022/07/26     2025/07/26        2.70%

       22CMG3                                 CNY      3,000,000   2022/08/11     2025/02/12        2.54%

       22CMG4                                 CNY      5,000,000   2022/08/11     2025/08/11        2.59%




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

342
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


54. BONDS PAYABLES (Continued)

(2)   The details of subordinated bonds are as follows:


                                                               Issue       Value       Maturity         Coupon
       Name                                Currency          amount         date          date             rate

       21CMC1                                  CNY      4,800,000      2021/01/27     2024/01/27          3.95%

       21CMC2                                  CNY      6,000,000      2021/03/09     2024/03/09          3.95%

       21CMC3                                  CNY      6,000,000      2021/04/15     2024/04/15          3.80%

       21CMC7                                  CNY      4,000,000      2021/11/11     2024/11/11          3.40%

       21CMC8                                  CNY      1,000,000      2021/11/11     2026/11/11          3.70%



55. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                     As at December 31,

                                                                                        2022               2021

       Dividends recognized as distribution                                         4,696,124        3,800,382

       Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                           782,134           802,090

     Pursuant to a resolution of the shareholder’s meeting held on June 30, 2022, the Company declared
cash dividends of RMB5.40 for every 10 shares (tax included) based on 8,696,526,806 shares held and the
aggregate amount was RMB4,696,124 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021.
     Pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders meeting held on June 4, 2021, the Company declared
cash dividends of RMB4.37 for every 10 shares (tax included) based on 8,696,526,806 shares held amounting
to RMB3,800,382 thousand in total for the year ended December 31, 2020.


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

(1)   Repurchase agreements

     The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell the Group’s securities
and interests in margin loans and the proceeds are presented as financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements. Under these agreements, the Group is unable to dispose of these securities until they are
repurchased.
     The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values in respect of these financial
assets transferred but are continued to be recognized and their associated liabilities:




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                             343
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


56. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)

(1)   Repurchase agreements (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2022

                                                                                                  Debt
                                                          Financial                      instruments
                                                          assets at           Debt       at fair value
                                                         fair value    instruments     through other        Securities/
                                                    through profit    at amortized    comprehensive       gold lending
                                                            or loss            cost            income    arrangements           Total

        Fair value of transferred assets               85,358,962           76,083        30,202,225        15,127,038    130,764,308

        Carrying amount of associated liabilities      78,858,132           70,286        27,902,067        13,974,984    120,805,469

        Net position                                     6,500,830           5,797         2,300,158         1,152,054      9,958,839

      As at December 31, 2021

                                                                                                  Debt
                                                          Financial                      instruments
                                                          assets at           Debt       at fair value
                                                         fair value    instruments     through other        Securities/
                                                    through profit    at amortized    comprehensive       gold lending
                                                            or loss            cost            income    arrangements           Total

        Fair value of transferred assets               95,022,450          426,020        21,377,720        25,551,430    142,377,620

        Carrying amount of associated liabilities      85,038,260          381,260        19,131,520        22,866,690    127,417,730

        Net position                                     9,984,190          44,760         2,246,200         2,684,740     14,959,890



(2)   Securities lending arrangements

       As of December 31, 2022, the Group entered into securities lending agreements with its clients to lend
its financial assets classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB546,745 thousand
(2021: RMB496,181 thousand) and equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income of
RMB658,107 thousand (2021: RMB1,003,092 thousand). These lending agreements are secured by client’s
securities and deposits held as collateral. Legal ownership of these securities is transferred to the clients and
the clients are allowed to sell these securities under these lending arrangements, but they have obligations
to return these securities to the Group at specified future dates. The Group is of the opinion that it retains
substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and therefore are not derecognized these securities
in the consolidated financial statements.


57. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group does not have any significant capital commitments or
any significant contingencies.

China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

344
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS

    The emoluments of directors and supervisors of the Company paid by the Group for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:
    Year ended December 31, 2022

                                                     Salaries,
                                                  allowances       Retirement       Bonus
                                                          and         benefits     charge
                                                     benefits          scheme      during         Total
      Name                                 Fees       in kind    contributions   the year   emoluments

      Executive directors:

        HUO Da                               0          2,047             356       1,096         3,499

        WU Zongmin (1)                       0          1,869             373        987          3,229

                                             0          3,916             729       2,083         6,728

      Non-executive directors:

        LIU Weiwu                            0              0               0           0             0

        DENG Weidong (2)                     0              0               0           0             0

        SU Min                               0              0               0           0             0

        PENG Lei (3)                         0              0               0           0             0

        GAO Hong                             0              0               0           0             0

        HUANG Jian                           0              0               0           0             0

        LIU Chong (4)                        0              0               0           0             0

        Wang Wen                             0              0               0           0             0

        WANG Daxiong (5)                     0              0               0           0             0

        XIONG Xianliang (6)                  0              0               0           0             0

                                             0              0               0           0             0

      Independent
      non-executive directors:

        XIANG Hua                          200              0               0           0           200

        XIAO Houfa                         200              0               0           0           200

        XIONG Wei                          200              0               0           0           200

        HU Honggao                         200              0               0           0           200

        WANG Di (7)                        200              0               0           0           200

        FENG Jinhua (8)                      0              0               0           0             0

                                          1,000             0               0           0         1,000



                                                                                       2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                    345
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

      Year ended December 31, 2022 (Continued)

                                                        Salaries,
                                                     allowances       Retirement       Bonus
                                                             and         benefits     charge
                                                        benefits          scheme      during         Total
        Name                                Fees         in kind    contributions   the year   emoluments

        Supervisors:

          ZHOU Linda Lei                       0           1,861             353        876          3,090

          LI Xiaofei (9)                       0                0              0          0              0

          WANG Zhangwei                        0                0              0          0              0

          MA Yunchun                           0                0              0          0              0

          ZHANG Zhen                           0                0              0          0              0

          ZOU Qun                              0                0              0          0              0

          YIN Hongyan                          0           1,330             306          0          1,636

          HE Min                               0             875             219          0          1,094

          SHEN Weihua                          0           1,011             231          0          1,242

                                               0           5,077           1,109        876          7,062

                                            1,000          8,993           1,838       2,959        14,790

      The emoluments of executive directors and supervisors shown above were emoluments charge during
the year 2022. The emoluments of executive directors and supervisors shown above were paid for their
services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.
      During the Reporting Period, the remuneration before tax deferred from 2019 to 2022 for the Directors,
chairman of the Supervisory Committee and senior management who worked full-time for the Company
during their tenure of office amounted to RMB916.4 thousand (HUO Da), RMB733.1 thousand (ZHOU Linda
Lei), respectively; and the remuneration before tax deferred from 2019-2021 to 2022 for the employee
representative Supervisors who worked full-time for the Company during their tenure of office amounted
to RMB1.02 million (HE Min), RMB2.3272 million (YIN Hongyan) and RMB1.4858 million (SHEN Weihua),
respectively.
      In addition to the annual remuneration determined according to the Company’s Scheme of Management
Methods of the Remuneration of Senior Management, the Company implemented the Retention Plan for the
Grant of Mid- to Longterm Cash Incentives for Key Employees upon the approval of the Remuneration and
Appraisal Committee under the Board in 2020. Pursuant to which, the incentives for key employees shall be
confirmed and granted in instalments based on the results of performance appraisals of the Company and
individuals. During the Reporting Period, the incentives before tax granted for 2020 amounted to RMB1.6874
million (HUO Da), RMB1.2618 million (ZHOU Linda Lei), RMB720.4 thousand (YIN Hongyan) and RMB306.9
thousand (HE Min), respectively, all of which are dominated in RMB.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

346
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

   Year ended December 31, 2021

                                                          Salaries,     Retirement         Bonus
                                                       allowances          benefits       charge
                                                    and benefits in         scheme    during the         Total
    Name                                    Fees              kind    contributions         year   emoluments

    Executive directors:

       HUO Da                                  0             2,033             285        1,565          3,883

       XIONG Jiantao                           0             1,537             217            0          1,754

                                               0             3,570             502        1,565          5,637

    Non-executive directors:

       LIU Weiwu                               0                 0               0            0             0

       SU Jian                                 0                 0               0            0             0

       XIONG Xianliang                         0                 0               0            0             0

       SU Min                                  0                 0               0            0             0

       PENG Lei                                0                 0               0            0              0

       GAO Hong                                0                 0               0            0              0

       HUANG Jian                              0                 0               0            0              0

       WANG Daxiong                            0                 0               0            0              0

       WANG Wen                                0                 0               0            0              0

                                               0                 0               0            0              0

    Independent
    non-executive directors:

       XIANG Hua                             200                 0               0            0           200

       XIAO Houfa                            200                 0               0            0           200

       XIONG Wei                             200                 0               0            0           200

       HU Honggao                            200                 0               0            0           200

       WANG Di                               200                 0               0            0           200

                                            1,000                0               0            0          1,000




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          347
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


58. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

      Year ended December 31, 2021 (Continued)

                                                               Salaries,     Retirement         Bonus
                                                            allowances          benefits       charge
                                                         and benefits in         scheme    during the         Total
        Name                                     Fees              kind    contributions         year   emoluments

        Supervisors:

            ZHOU Linda Lei                           0            1,648             259        1,252          3,159

            LI Xiaofei                               0                0               0            0             0

            WANG Zhangwei                            0                0               0            0             0

            MA Yunchun                               0                0               0            0             0

            ZHANG Zhen                               0                0               0            0             0

            ZOU Qun                                  0                0               0            0              0

            YIN Hongyan                              0            1,042             187          180          1,409

            HE Min                                   0              736             177           20           933

            SHEN Weihua                              0              832             160          160          1,152

                                                     0            4,258             783        1,612          6,653

                                                1,000             7,828           1,285        3,177         13,290

      (1)    WU Zongmin was appointed Executive Director in April 2022.
      (2)    DENG Weidong was appointed as a non-executive director in April 2022.
      (3)    PENG Lei resigned as a non-executive director and left in December 2022.
      (4)    LIU Chong was appointed as a non-executive Director in November 2022.
      (5)    WANG Daxiong resigned in May 2022.
      (6)    XIONG Xianliang resigned in January 2022.
      (7)    WANG Di resigned in November 2022.
      (8)    FENG Jinhua was appointed as an independent non-executive director in November 2022.
      (9)    LI Xiaofei resigned in December 2022.
      As of the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the above compensation
packages including performance-based bonus for executive directors, supervisors for the year ended
December 31, 2022 have not been finalized. Management of the Group believes that the difference between
the final emoluments and that disclosed above will not have significant impact on the consolidated financial
statements of the Group.
     Except for non-executive directors who were not remunerated by the Company, no directors of the
Company waived or agreed to waive any emolument paid by the Group during the year. No emoluments
were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company as an incentive payment for joining the Group or as
compensation for resignation during the year.


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

348
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


59. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

     One (2021: two) of the five individuals with the highest emoluments were directors or supervisors of the
Company. The emoluments of the remaining four individuals (2021: three) with the highest emoluments are
as below:

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                     2022               2021

       Basic salaries and allowances                                                4,387              3,723

       Bonuses                                                                     24,276              4,964

       Contributions to retirement benefit scheme                                     969                722

                                                                                   29,632              9,409

      Bonuses disclosed above were determined with reference to the results of the Group and performance
of these individuals. No emoluments were paid by the Group to these individuals as an incentive payment for
joining the Group or as compensation for resignation during the year.
    The emoluments of the individuals (non-director) with the highest emoluments are within the following
bands:

                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                     2022               2021

       Emolument bands

       HKD3,000,001 to HKD3,500,000                                                      0                  2

       HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD4,000,001 to HKD4,500,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD4,500,001 to HKD5,000,000                                                      0                  1

       HKD5,000,001 to HKD5,500,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD5,500,001 to HKD6,000,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD6,000,001 to HKD6,500,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD6,500,001 to HKD7,000,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD7,000,001 to HKD7,500,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD7,500,001 to HKD8,000,000                                                      2                  0

       HKD8,000,001 to HKD8,500,000                                                      1                  0

       HKD8,500,001 to HKD9,000,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD9,000,001 to HKD9,500,000                                                      0                  0

       HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                     0                  0

       HKD10,000,001 to HKD10,500,000                                                    0                  0

       HKD10,500,001 to HKD11,000,000                                                    1                  0

                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          349
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

(1)   Relationship of related parties

a.    Major shareholders

     Major shareholders include shareholders of the Company with 5% or above direct ownership. Share
percentage in the Company:

                                                                                   As at December 31,

                                                                                       2022             2021

        China Merchants Finance Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                       23.55%           23.55%

        Shenzhen Jisheng Investment Development Co., Ltd.                           19.59%           19.59%

        China Ocean Transportation Co.,Ltd.                                          6.26%            6.26%



b.    Associates of the Group

      The details of the Group’s associates is set out in note 22.


c.    Other related parties

     Other related parties can be individuals or enterprises, which include: members of the Board of Directors,
the Board of Supervisors and senior management, and close family members of such individuals.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

350
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                        (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(1)   Relationship of related parties (Continued)

c.    Other related parties (Continued)

      The table below lists the Group’s other significant related parties:

          Significant related legal entities                     The relationship with the Group
          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                         Significant influence by the de facto controller
          Shenzhen Merchants Property Management Co., Ltd.*      Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          Shenzhen Merchants Daojiahui Technology Co., Ltd.*     Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          China Merchants (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd.*       Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          China Merchants Property Management Co.,Ltd.           Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          Liaoning Port Co., Ltd.                                Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          Shenzhen Expressway Co.,Ltd.                           Significant influence by the de facto controller
          China Merchants Real Estate (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*       Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings        Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
            Co., Ltd.*
          China Merchants Real Estate (Suzhou) Co. Ltd.*         Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          China Merchants Capital Management (Beijing)           Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
            Co., Ltd.*
          China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd.                   Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate Co., Ltd.*                    Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          Beijing Zhaoyi Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.*        Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          AVIC Property Management Co., Ltd.                     Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          Shenzhen Ruizhi Yuancheng Technology Co., Ltd.*        Significant influence by the de facto controller
          Sinotrans (New Zealand) Co., Ltd.                      Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
          Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.               The director of the Company acts as a director of
                                                                   the entity
          China Merchants Venture Investment Management          Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller
            Co., Ltd.*
          Jingzhou Merchants Huide Capital Management            Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller joint
             Co., Ltd.*                                            controlling company
          Shenzhen Merchants Guoxie No. 2 Equity Investment      Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller joint
            Fund Management Co., Ltd.*                             controlling company
          Zhangjiagang Zhaogang Equity Investment Partnership    Fellow subsidiary of the de facto controller joint
            (Limited Partnership)*                                 controlling company
          Hainan Bosera Innovation Management Co., Ltd.*         Significant influence by the de facto controller

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.


                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                    351
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances

a.    During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group’s major transactions and
      balances with its associate are as follows

      Transactions between the Group and an associate:

                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                       2022          2021

        Fee and commission income

        — Funds managed by Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
         China Merchants Fund Management Limited                     222,547      284,188

      Balances between the Group and an associate:

                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                       2022          2021

        Accounts and other receivables

        — Funds managed by Bosera Asset Management Co., Ltd. and
         China Merchants Fund Management Limited                      50,411       66,908




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

352
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances (Continued)

b.    The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as follows:

      Transactions between the Group and other related parties:

                                                                                   Yearended December 31,
                                                                                          2022              2021
          Fee and commission income
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            45,247            60,201
            — China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd.                                      15,453               534
            — China Merchants Property Management Co.,Ltd.                              11,750             2,830
            — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.*                 7,485               685
            — AVIC Property Management Co., Ltd.                                         6,563                 —
            — Liaoning Port Co., Ltd.                                                    3,019             5,660
            — Sinotrans (New Zealand) Co., Ltd.                                             —              5,807
          Interest income
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                          514,692           429,546
          Investment gains or losses, net
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                             9,585            20,643
            — China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd.*                 4,085            31,939
          Other income and gains or losses, net
            — Shenzhen Expressway Co.,Ltd.                                              11,058            10,804
          Fee and commission expenses
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                          125,702           206,446
          Interest expenses of placement and borrowings from banks
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            19,214            10,300
          Other operating expenses
            — Shenzhen Merchants Property Management Co., Ltd.*                         43,516            40,100
          Purchase of software and office supplies
            — Shenzhen Merchants Daojiahui Technology Co., Ltd.*                        32,923            24,767
            — Shenzhen Ruizhi Yuancheng Technology Co., Ltd.*                            7,197             5,208
          Interest expenses of lease liabilities
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            17,292            18,107
            Interest expenses of repurchase agreements business
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                            32,314            71,032
            — Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.                                  15,099            12,050

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.
                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              353
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(2)   Related parties transaction and balances (Continued)

b.    The Group’s major transactions and balances with its other related parties are as follows:
      (Continued)

      The Group also has the following balances with its other related parties:

                                                                                    As at December 31,
                                                                                       2022          2021
          Accounts and other receivables
            — Zhuhai Yiyun Real Estate Co., Ltd.*                                         —       291,815
          Cash and bank balances
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                      26,094,986   25,643,886
          Structured deposits and certificates of deposit
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                         80,000       400,000
          Short-term borrowings
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                        408,842       408,954
          Placements from banks
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                       2,000,411             —
          Other payables and accrued charges
            — Beijing Zhaoyi Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. *                            —       341,506
          Lease liabilities
            — China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                                        482,570       545,400
            — China Merchants (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd.*                       35,080        44,083

      *      English name translated is for identification purpose only.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

354
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


60. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(3)   Key management personnel

      The remuneration of the key management personnel of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                    As at December 31,
                                                                                        2022              2021
       Short-term benefits
          — Salaries, bonus and allowances                                            31,351            24,405
       Post-employment benefits
          — Contribution to retirement schemes                                         2,289             2,424
                                                                                      33,640            26,829



61. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                        2022              2021

       Financial assets

       Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income        1,628,336         1,409,254

       Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income         60,888,528        40,582,323

       Financial assets measured at amortized cost                              286,897,228       271,508,210

       Derivative financial assets                                                3,664,686         3,204,641

       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    241,775,990       265,344,278

                                                                                594,854,768       582,048,706

       Financial liabilities

       Derivative financial liabilities                                           2,875,039         4,616,992

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                47,744,020        23,187,938

       Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                  437,657,712       446,534,980

                                                                                488,276,771       474,339,910




                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            355
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

(1)   Risk management structure

     Since its establishment, the Group has been developing an all-around, innovative and forward-looking
risk management system, which can be aligned with its operational strategy and focuses on its frontier
departments at business unit level. The structure of the risk management of the Group consists of five levels
including the strategical arrangement by the Board of Directors, supervision and scrutiny by the Supervisory
Committee, or decision-making by the senior management and the Risk Management Committee, check-and-
balance and internal controls maintained by relevant risk management departments and direct management
of other departments, branches and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
      The Group adopts a three-level risk management organization structure system: the first level refers to
implementation of effective controls on risk management by all departments and branches themselves; the
second level refers to risk management measures implemented by relevant risk management departments; the
third level refers to post-event supervision and evaluation by the Audit and Supervision Department.
      The overall risk management duties of departments or posts under the risk management organization
structure are as follows:
      (i)     the Board of Directors and the Risk Management Committee are responsible for considering and
              approving the Company’s risk appetite, risk tolerance and various risk limit indicators. They are
              also responsible for convening quarterly meetings, reviewing quarterly risk reports and reviewing
              the Company’s overall risk management;
      (ii)    the Supervisory Committee of the Group is responsible for supervising and examining the
              operations of the comprehensive risk management system of the Company;
      (iii)   the senior management is responsible for the risk management of business operations,
              determining risk control measures and formulating risk limit indicators on a regular basis by
              reference to the risk evaluation reports. The Risk Management Committee set up by the senior
              management is the ultimate risk decision-making body at operation level. The Chief Risk Officer of
              the Company is responsible for establishing comprehensive risk management system, monitoring,
              evaluating and reporting the overall risk level of the Group and providing risk management
              suggestion on business decisions. The Risk Management Committee consists of the Securities
              Investment Decision Committee, the Credit Risk Committee, the Valuation Committee, the Capital
              Commitment Committee and the Investment Banking Business Risk Policy Committee. Within
              the scope of their authorization, experts shall review and collectively make decisions on the risks
              of securities investment, credit risk, securities valuation, capital commitment and investment
              banking business. The Company integrates the risk management of subsidiaries into an overall
              risk management system and carries out vertical management. The person in charge of the risk
              management of the subsidiary shall be nominated, appointed, removed and assessed by the chief
              risk officer of the Group.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

356
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(1)   Risk management structure (Continued)

      (iv)   the Risk Management Department is the leading department in respect of management of
             market, credit and operational risks of the Company. It is also responsible for managing market
             risk and credit risk, assisting and guiding all units in performing risk management. The Capital
             Management Department is the leading department in respect of management of management
             of liquidity risk. It is also responsible for managing liquidity risk and facilitating the establishment
             of the liquidity risk management systems. Legal and Compliance Department is responsible for
             leading the Group’s legal and compliance risk management, money laundering risk management
             and assisting in the compliance director on reviewing, supervising and scrutinizing compliance
             issues of the Group, promoting the implementation of anti-money laundering work. The
             Administration Department together with the Risk Management Department and other relevant
             departments promote the management of reputation risk of the company. Internal Audit
             Department is responsible for monitoring the effectiveness and implementation of the Company’s
             risk management process by audits, and responsible for initiating evaluation of entire internal
             control system at least once a year;
      (v)    All departments of the Company, branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company are
             responsible for directly managing and supervising risks of their own businesses and management
             scopes.


(2)   Credit risk

      The Group’s exposure to credit risk represents the economic loss that may arise from the failure of
a debtor or counterparty to meet its obligation according to their contractual commitment. The Group is
primarily exposed to four types of credit risk: (a) risk arising from default of customers to repay debts in
businesses of margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed lending or stock repurchases; (b)
risk of losses of principal and interest for investments in debt securities, trust products and other credit
products due to default of the issuers or borrowers; (c) risk arising from default of a counterparty to meet its
payment obligation arising from trading of over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives such as equity swaps, interest
rate swap, OTC futures, forward contracts, or spot market transactions; (d) risk arising from the default of
customers in brokerage business in respect of trading of securities, futures and other financial products, when
there was shortfall of funds after liquidation of client’s accounts on settlement dates.
     In respect of margin financing and securities lending, securities-backed lending, stock repurchase
business and other financing businesses, the Group has established a multi-level authorization system for
business management and a comprehensive risk management system covering the whole process through
due diligence of customers, approval of credit grant, post-loan evaluation, dynamic adjustment to collaterals
pledge ratio, mark to market system, mandatory liquidation and disposal on default.
      For debt security investments, trust products and other credit products business, the Group implements
entry management for investable bonds by establishing a bond pool. The entry of bonds into the pool needs
to be evaluated by professional credit evaluators and meet the relevant internal and external credit rating
entry standards, industrial entry standards, product entry standards, financial entry standards, etc, The
concentration risk is controlled through hierarchical approvals and authorization of investments, and the
latest risk information of the issuer is monitored in real time through a public opinion monitoring system.




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               357
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

     For OTC derivatives trading business, the Group has formulated a set of management measures
and rules in respect of eligibility of investors, due diligence of customers, credit approval, potential risk
exposure measurement rules, margin collection and mark to market, liquidation disposal, management
of the underlying securities and follow-up measures on default of customers, in order to strengthen the
management before, during and after the transactions.
      In terms of brokerage business, for the brokerage business that the Company may bear the responsibility
of guaranteed settlements, the default risk of customers is controlled by monitoring indicators such as the
lowest rating of the underlying securities, position concentration and leverage ratio; With regard to the
trading of securities and other financial products for overseas customers, the Group has effectively controlled
the credit risk by strengthening the management of customer credit grant and margin.


Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement

      The Group applies ECL model for financial assets at amortized cost, mainly including advances to
customers, financial assets held under resale agreements, debt instruments at amortized cost and debt
instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
       The Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since
initial recognition at the reporting date and recognizes the impairment loss allowance for expected credit loss
and its movements.
      •     If the credit risk of the financial instrument has not increased significantly since its initial
            recognition, it is classified as “Stage 1” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an
            amount equivalent to the expected credit loss of the financial instrument in the next 12 months.
            The increase in or reversal of the impairment loss allowance is included in the profit and loss as
            impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal.
      •     If a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition is identified, the financial
            instrument is moved to “Stage 2” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount
            equivalent to the expected credit loss of the financial instrument over its lifetime. The increase in
            or reversal of the impairment loss allowance is included in the profit and loss as impairment losses
            under expected credit loss model, net of reversal.
      •     If the financial instrument is credit-impaired at the first, the financial instrument is moved to
            “Stage 3” and its impairment loss allowance is measured at an amount equivalent to the expected
            credit loss of the financial instrument over its lifetime. The increase in or reversal of the impairment
            loss allowance thus formed is included in the profit and loss as impairment losses under expected
            credit loss model, net of reversal.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

358
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)

      The criteria for the three-stage classification of ECL of the principal financial assets are as follows:
      •     Advances to customers: exposures with collateral coverage ratios less than 100% for more than
            30 days, or when principles are more than 30 days past due, are considered to be credit impaired
            and classified as Stage 3; exposures with collateral coverage ratios less than 100% for less than
            30 days, or when principles are less than or equal to 30 days past due, are considered to have
            experienced significant increase in risk and classified as Stage 2; for exposures that have not
            experienced the above situations are regarded as having no significant increase in credit risk and
            classified as Stage 1.
      •     Financial assets (pledged by stocks) held under resale agreements: based on the obligors’ credit
            quality, contract maturity dates, the information of collateral securities, which includes the sectors,
            liquidity discount factor, concentration, volatility and related information, the Group establishes
            different collateral coverage ratios (generally not less than 160%) as margin calls and force
            liquidation thresholds (collateral coverage ratios generally not less than 140%) against different
            exposures related to these transactions. Exposures with collateral coverage ratios below the pre-
            determined force liquidation thresholds for more than 30 days or those past due for more than
            30 days are considered to be credit impaired and classified as Stage 3; exposures with collateral
            coverage ratios below the pre-determined force liquidation thresholds for less than 30 days or
            those past due for less than 30 days are considered to have experienced significant increase in
            credit risks and classified as Stage 2; for exposures that have not experienced the above situations
            are regarded as having no significant increase in credit risk and classified as Stage 1.
      •     For debt investment exposures, financial instruments with lower credit risk at the end of the
            reporting period, or financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk after initial
            recognition will be classified in Stage 1; financial instruments whose credit risk has increased
            significantly since its initial recognition, even no credit loss has occurred, that is, there is no
            objective evidence of a credit loss event, will be classified in Stage 2; purchased or originated
            credit-impaired financial instruments, or those are not purchased or originated financial
            instruments but have been credit-impaired will be classified in Stage 3.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 359
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Measuring ECL – inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques

     On the basis of credit rating of counterparties, credit assessment on borrowers and the quantitative
management of collaterals, the Group fully considers the customer portfolio of each credit related transaction,
the amount of a single debt, the term of borrowing, the margin maintenance ratio and the degree of collateral
concentration, etc., and ensure the above factors are reflected in parameters such as the probability of default
(“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and maturity of borrowers. Then stress tests and sensitivity analyses are
performed as supplementary measurement on monitoring credit risks.
     The Group uses expected credit loss model to measure the expected credit losses for applicable
financial assets. Factors considered in the assessment using the expected credit loss model mainly includes
asset categories, PD, LGD, exposures, exchange rates and adjustments factors, whether there are SICR and
judgment on low risk assets, and the impairment loss allowance in respect of fixed-income financial assets is
determined on the basis of the projected future cash inflows.
      For credit business, based on the borrowers’ credit quality, contract maturity date, the information of
related collateral securities, which including the sectors, liquidity discount factor, restrictions, concentration,
volatility, prices, operations of issuers etc., the Group considers margin maintenance ratios to individually
assess the loss ratios in order to measure the impairment loss allowance of high risk credit business.
      PD will be adjusted in the light of macroeconomic environment and the specific situation of bonds,
and determined after having incorporated forward-looking factors and adjustment factors of specific
bonds. The forward-looking adjustment factors are evaluated mainly based on analyzing the relationship
between the default rate and the long-term average default rate under different economic environments
(or macroeconomic factors) in China and other countries, and determined through forecasting economic
environment; the adjustment factors in respect of bonds depend on different industries, specific bonds and
risk mitigation measures, which will be adjusted based on different situations or changes.
      LGD is estimated based on historical data and subject to a forward looking adjustment.
      Corresponding loss rates for the Group’s credit business under the 3 stages were as follows:
     Stage 1: According to the margin maintenance ratio, concentration and conditions of restrictions on
trading, the loss rates on advances to customers range from 0.00% to 1.25%, the loss rates on financial
assets under resale agreements range from 0.00% to 3.78%.
      Stage 2 and Stage 3: Loss rate is determined based on the estimated future cash flows associated with
the financial assets.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

360
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)    Credit risk (Continued)

SICR

     The Group uses the following criteria to determine a significant increase in credit risks of debt securities
investments.
     The credit ratings of foreign bonds are lowered to a level below BBB- (not included), the credit rating
of domestic bonds are lowered to a level below AA (not included), or the original debt ratings are below AA
but have not yet been identified as there is a significant increase in credit risks, but there is an external rating
downgrade.
       Other events being identified as an indicator of a significant increase in credit risks include:
       •     The significant adverse changes in the industry or policies, geographical environment of issuers, or
             deterioration of the issuers’ own business operations;
       •     The consolidated financial statements of the issuers exhibit significant adverse changes in principal
             operations or financial indicators;
       •     The significant adverse changes (if any) in the effectiveness of credit enhancement measures;
       •     The issuers and the entities that provide credit enhancement are discredited by environmental
             protection or safety production bureau, or other important scenarios, or occurrence of any event
             that may affect debt repayment abilities; the entities provide credit enhancement are delinquent or
             refused to bear the liability arising from credit enhancement in other debts;
       •     Other significant important events identified by the Group.
      In addition, in view of the financial assets under resale agreements, the Group considers that if collateral
coverage ratio is lower than the forced liquidation thresholds or with overdue interest, it indicates that its
credit risk has significantly increased. While the Group would fully consider the financing entity’s credit
status, contract period, the industry of the collateral, liquidity, restriction on sales, concentration, volatility,
performance protection and issuer’s operation performance factors, and then establishes different warning
lines and forced liquidation thresholds for different financing entities.
    According to the Guidance on Impairment of Financial Instruments of Securities Companies issued by
CSRC, criteria of low credit risks are as follows:
       •     International external rating of foreign bond investment is rated at BBB- or above;
       •     Domestic external rating of domestic bond investment is rated at AA or above.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                              361
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

Forward-looking information

     For credit business, when calculating expected credit losses, the Group takes into account forward-
looking information that can be obtained without unnecessary additional costs or efforts, such as
macroeconomic factors, industry policies and industry environment, overall risk characteristics of the securities
market, stock market volatility cycles, etc. By constructing the relationship between these specific indicators
and the loss rate, forward-looking adjustments are made to the expected credit loss of credit business.
     For debt securities investments, forward-looking adjustment factors are firstly evaluated mainly based on
analyzing the relationship between the default rate and the long-term average default rate under different
economic environments (or macroeconomic factors) in China and other countries through historical data
analysis, and determined through forecasting economic environment. When making forward looking factor
adjustments, the Group considers three different scenarios to appropriately reflect the non-linearities of the
development of key economic indicators and determine scenario weightings by data analysis and professional
judgment.
     For the current year, the weighted average forecasted (weighted average of optimistic, neutral and
pessimistic scenarios) growth rate of the Gross Domestic Product made by the Group was 5.00% (2021:
5.58%).
     The table below sets forth the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure as at the end of the reporting
period, without taking into account of the effect of collaterals or other credit enhancements:


a.    Maximum credit risk exposure


                                                                                     As at December 31,
                                                                                        2022             2021
        Financial assets at FVTPL   (i)
                                                                                149,179,179      159,073,122
        Derivative financial assets                                                3,664,686        3,204,641
        Advances to customers                                                    81,541,116        98,686,506
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                            49,580,745        39,198,592
        Accounts and other receivables                                             5,820,413        5,260,246
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions              12,213,224        13,141,791
        Clearing settlement funds                                                23,804,906        25,873,373
        Cash and bank balances                                                  113,377,264        87,938,261
        Debt instruments at amortized cost                                           559,560        1,117,626
        Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                               60,888,528        40,582,323
        Equity instruments at FVTOCI(ii)                                             658,107        1,003,092
        Other non-current assets                                                           —          291,815
        Other current assets                                                            1,893               —
        Maximum credit risk exposure                                            501,289,621      475,371,388


China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

362
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

a.    Maximum credit risk exposure (Continued)

      (i)    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss represent the investment in debt securities, trust
             products, equity securities lent to customers and asset-backed securities.
      (ii)   Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income subjected to credit risk
             represent equity securities lent to customers.


b.    Risk concentration

    The Group’s maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collaterals and other credit
enhancements are categorized by geographical area as follows:
      As at December 31, 2022

                                                                                       Outside
                                                                     Mainland         Mainland
                                                                        China            China               Total

        Financial assets at FVTPL                                 146,959,153         2,220,026       149,179,179

        Derivative financial assets                                  2,852,126          812,560         3,664,686

        Advances to customers                                      78,659,209         2,881,907        81,541,116

        Financial assets held under resale agreements              49,580,745                  —       49,580,745

        Accounts and other receivables                               3,321,071        2,499,342         5,820,413

        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank
        financial institutions                                     11,932,628           280,596        12,213,224

        Clearing settlement funds                                  23,350,778           454,128        23,804,906

        Cash and bank balances                                     94,476,129        18,901,135       113,377,264

        Debt instruments at amortized cost                             118,008          441,552           559,560

        Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                 58,935,508         1,953,020        60,888,528

        Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                   658,107                 —          658,107

        Other current assets                                             1,893                 —             1,893

        Maximum credit risk exposure                              470,845,355        30,444,266       501,289,621




                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                363
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

b.    Risk concentration (Continued)

      As at December31, 2021

                                                                               Outside
                                                                 Mainland     Mainland
                                                                    China        China          Total

        Financial assets at FVTPL                           158,412,559        660,563    159,073,122

        Derivative financial assets                              1,620,023    1,584,618     3,204,641

        Advances to customers                                   94,637,589    4,048,917    98,686,506

        Financial assets held under resale agreements           39,198,592           —     39,198,592

        Accounts and other receivables                           2,391,715    2,868,531     5,260,246

        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank
        financial institutions                                  12,736,867     404,924     13,141,791

        Clearing settlement funds                               25,636,147     237,226     25,873,373

        Cash and bank balances                                  77,492,268   10,445,993    87,938,261

        Debt instruments investment at amortized cost             912,335      205,291      1,117,626

        Debt instruments at FVTOCI                              39,900,470     681,853     40,582,323

        Equity instruments at FVTOCI                             1,003,092           —      1,003,092

        Other non-current assets                                  291,815            —       291,815

        Maximum credit risk exposure                        454,233,472      21,137,916   475,371,388




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

364
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(2)   Credit risk (Continued)

c.    Credit rating analysis of financial assets

     The carrying amounts of debt securities at the end of the year are categorized by rating distribution as
follows:

                                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                                               2022              2021
            Rating
            Issuers in Mainland China
              — PRC sovereign bonds(i)                                                136,071,387        115,533,692
              — AAA                                                                     64,844,355        68,044,591
              — AA+                                                                      2,693,403         7,518,267
              — AA                                                                         707,350         1,921,413
              — AA-                                                                           1,353                 —
              — AA- below                                                                  352,432             41,022
              — A-1                                                                               —          798,041
            — Non-rated                                                                  1,037,743         1,344,281
            Sub-total                                                                 205,708,023        195,201,307
            Issuers in Hong Kong and other regions(ii)
            — PRC sovereign bonds(i)                                                          4,534                 —
              —A                                                                         3,093,458           241,803
              —B                                                                           970,064         1,196,239
            — Non-rated                                                                     72,048             98,462
            Sub-total                                                                    4,140,104         1,536,504
                                                                                      209,848,127        196,737,811

      (i)      PRC sovereign bonds represent treasury bonds issued by the PRC government. AAA to AA- and below
               AA- rating represents rating on bonds (If there is no rating on bonds, then the rating on issuers will be
               used), among which AAA rating represents the highest rating. A-1 rating represents rating on short-term
               financing bonds. Non-rated means that bonds or corporates are not rated by any independent rating
               agency.
      (ii)     Credit rating of bonds whose issuers are in Hong Kong and other regions were derived from the lowest
               of Moody, Stand & Poor’s (“S&P”) and Fitch, if any. Bonds which are not rated by the above agencies
               are classified as non-rated. Included in A rating are bonds rated Aaa~A3 by Moody, AAA~A- by S&P and
               AAA~A- by Fitch; B rating are the bonds rated Baa1~B3 by Moody, BBB+~B- by S&P and BBB+~B- by
               Fitch; C rating are the bonds rated Caa1~C by Moody, CCC+~C by S&P and CCC~C by Fitch; D rating
               are bonds rated D by S&P and D by Fitch.


                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   365
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk

a.    Origin and management of liquidity risk

      The Group’s exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from failure to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable
costs and in a timely manner to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy funding
needs for normal business operation. If there is material and adverse changes in the operating condition of
the Group in the future and the Group is not able to maintain their gearing ratio at a reasonable level, and
the operations of the Group experiences unusual changes, the Group may not be able to repay the principal
or interest of relevant debts in full when due.
      In order to prevent liquidity risk, the Group has established high-quality current asset reserve and
minimum excess reserve quota system. The Group has formulated liquidity emergency management plans to
retain minimum excess reserve in the funding plan. The Group has reserved treasury bonds, PBOC bills and
other highly liquid assets which can be liquidated at any time under extreme circumstances for unexpected
expenses. In addition, the Group has actively developed management for funding gaps. By using management
tools of cash flow gap, sensitivity analysis and stress testing, the Group can identify potential risks as early
as possible to arrange financing and adjust the pace of fund utilization for business purposes in advance to
effectively manage the payment risk. The Group has also continuously expanded their financing channels
and has a balanced distribution of debt maturities, so as to avoid the payment risk caused by single financing
channel or servicing debts when due. Besides, the Group has established internal risk reporting system to
promptly monitor the liquidity risk in the operation of each business and at each branch. Moreover, the Group
takes measures to promote the safe, sound and sustainable operations of each business and each branch.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

366
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

b.    Undiscounted cash flows by contractual maturities


                                                                                        As at December 31, 2022

                                                                                        More than     More than     More than
                                                                                      1 month but      3 months     1 year but
                                                   Carrying                 Less than    less than       but less    less than   More than
                                                    amount    On demand      1 month     3 months    than 1 year       5 years     5 years        Total

       Non-derivative financial liabilities

       Borrowings                                11,772,043           —    10,150,569      453,914      988,356       286,806           —    11,879,645

       Short-term debt instruments               25,147,999           —      124,409     4,235,693   20,984,043             —           —    25,344,145

       Placements from banks and other
       financial institutions                    10,802,438           —    10,804,877           —             —             —           —    10,804,877

       Bonds payables                           134,627,742           —     4,205,775   19,679,020   41,097,713     74,448,867          — 139,431,375

       Financial assets sold under
       repurchase agreements                    120,805,473           — 109,071,728      6,971,077     4,896,673            —           — 120,939,478

       Financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss                    47,744,020    2,870,917   41,975,848       76,097     1,449,078            —    1,372,080   47,744,020

       Accounts payables to brokerage
       clients                                  106,377,654 106,377,654            —            —             —             —           — 106,377,654

       Other payables and accrued charges        26,881,017   25,903,870      35,147       100,000      842,000             —           —    26,881,017

       Lease liabilities                          1,243,346           —       42,837        42,736      250,492       732,529      291,081    1,359,675

       Sub-total                                485,401,732 135,152,441 176,411,190     31,558,537   70,508,355     75,468,202   1,663,161 490,761,886

       Derivative financial liabilities
         — net settlement                         2,875,039      800,641     120,396       571,809     1,227,795      154,398           —     2,875,039

       Total                                    488,276,771 135,953,082 176,531,586     32,130,346   71,736,150     75,622,600   1,663,161 493,636,925




                                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                 367
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(3)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

b.    Undiscounted cash flows by contractual maturities (Continued)


                                                                                       As at December 31, 2021

                                                                                       More than     More than     More than
                                                                                     1 month but      3 months     1 year but
                                                  Carrying                 Less than    less than       but less    less than   More than
                                                   amount    On demand      1 month     3 months    than 1 year       5 years     5 years        Total

        Non-derivative financial liabilities

        Borrowings                               6,228,188           —     3,998,541      248,744     1,021,818      997,732           —     6,266,835

        Short-term debt instruments             26,935,839           —     4,330,890    4,652,119   18,228,883             —           —    27,211,892

        Placements from banks and other
        financial institutions                   6,743,717           —     3,741,618    3,021,233            —             —           —     6,762,851

        Bonds payables                         146,313,957           —      567,413     4,014,991   30,348,605 120,191,211             — 155,122,220

        Financial assets sold under
        repurchase agreements                  127,417,730           — 106,595,960     12,069,232     9,334,784            —           — 127,999,976

        Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                  23,187,938    2,585,954   18,696,919       37,469            —     1,867,596           —    23,187,938

        Accounts payables to brokerage
        clients                                 99,605,342   99,605,342           —            —             —             —           —    99,605,342

        Other payables and accrued charges      31,972,742   30,141,695      58,147            —      1,772,900            —           —    31,972,742

        Lease liabilities                        1,317,465           —       28,415        51,921      247,617       771,901      358,803    1,458,657

        Sub-total                              469,722,918 132,332,991 138,017,903     24,095,709   60,954,607 123,828,440        358,803 479,588,453

        Derivative financial liabilities
          — net settlement                       4,616,992      870,941     265,254       479,632     1,154,125    1,845,068        1,972    4,616,992

        Total                                  474,339,910 133,203,932 138,283,157     24,575,341   62,108,732 125,673,508        360,775 484,205,445




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

368
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk

a.    Origin and management of market risk

      Market risks of the Group refer to the risks of loss resulting from adverse changes in the market.
Securities portfolio held by the Group are derived from the proprietary investments, market-making business
and other investment activities. Movements in securities holding primarily arise from the relevant strategies of
proprietary investments and needs of market-making. The securities of the Group are measured at fair values
which fluctuates daily according to the market factors and change in the portfolios of the securities. Market
risks of the Group primarily include: (i) equity price risk, which represents the exposures arise from fluctuation
in the spot price, future price and volatility of indices such as stocks, equity portfolio, commodities and stock
index futures; (ii) interest rate risk, which primarily represents the exposures arise from movements in the yield
curve of fixed income investment, fluctuation in interest rates and credit spreads; and (iii) commodity risk,
which represents exposures arise from changes in the spot price, future price and the relevant volatility; and
(iv) exchange rate risk, which represents the exposures arise from changes in the spot rate, future rate and
volatility of foreign currency exchange rates.
       The Group collectively allocates economic capital in accordance with the risk preference and risk
tolerance indicators set by the directors of the Group. By considering the risks associated with each
type of investments and their interrelationship, the Group allocates the overall risk limits to different
business departments/business lines. The front-office business departments are responsible for market risk
management at the frontiers. The person in charge and investment manager shall utilize their extensive
experience and in-depth knowledge of the markets and products to conduct risk management in trading
transactions within their authorities and dynamically manages risk exposures to the securities held in open
position by taking initiative measures to mitigate or hedging these risks. Risk Management Department is
independent from other business departments and reports to Chief Risk Officer. By applying professional risk
management tools and methods, Risk Management Department aims to independently monitor, measure
and manage market risk at different levels, including investment strategies, business units/lines and the entire
Group. Reports of evaluation and risk analysis are generated and delivered to the responsible officers of the
business departments/business lines and management of the Group on a daily, monthly or quarterly basis to
facilitate decision making. When risk level is approaching or exceeds the threshold values, Risk Management
Department will warn against relevant management officers promptly, and the respective business
departments/business lines will implement measures according to the resolutions of the relevant committees.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                            369
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

b.    Price risk

Value at Risk (“VaR”)

      The Group adopts Value at Risk (“VaR”) as the risk evaluation tool for measuring the market risk of the
entire securities investment portfolio which comprises various financial instruments. VaR analysis is a statistical
technique that estimates the potential maximum losses that could occur on risk positions due to movements
in stock prices over a specified time period and at a given level of confidence.
     The analysis of the Group’s VaR (confidence level of 95% and a holding period of one trading day) by
types of risks is as follows:

                                                                   At December 31, 2022

                                                       Final         Highest           Lowest          Average

        Market risk of equity price                 129,344          134,261          109,445           121,525

        Market risk of interest rate                 81,904           81,904            31,477           53,111

        Market risk of commodity price               23,101           23,101            12,760           16,976

        Market risk of foreign exchange                 640             1,638              115               633

                                                    183,279          183,279          135,992           150,185

                                                                   At December 31, 2021

                                                       Final         Highest           Lowest          Average

        Market risk of equity price                 158,679          395,272          158,679           244,690

        Market risk of interest rate                 37,035           61,867            36,804           47,192

        Market risk of commodity price               11,931           24,648             8,504           15,742

        Market risk of foreign exchange                 435               906                42              430

                                                    173,292          419,984          173,292           260,413




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

370
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

c.    Interest rate risk

       The tables below summarize the Group’s interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities as at year and by
their remaining terms to repricing or contractual maturity date, whichever is earlier. Other financial assets and
liabilities not included below are not exposed to significant interest rate risk.

                                                                                                             At December 31, 2022
                                                                                     More than      More than      More than
                                                                                   1 month but    3 month but      1 year but
                                                                      Less than       less than      less than      less than       More than    Non-interest
                                                                       1 month        3 months          1 year        5 years         5 years        bearing          Total
       Financial assets
       Equity instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                                  —               —              —              —                —      1,628,336      1,628,336
       Debt instruments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                            733,186       2,238,306     17,863,347     39,146,643          907,046              —     60,888,528
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          2,495,634      5,236,448     48,240,283     72,142,519        19,314,663    94,346,443    241,775,990
       Derivative financial assets                                           —          24,700              —              —                —      3,639,986      3,664,686
       Advances to customers                                          9,458,728     17,842,239     54,240,149              —                —              —     81,541,116
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                 37,451,464      1,769,257     10,234,825        125,199                —              —     49,580,745
       Debt instruments at amortized cost                                 1,672        467,713         46,402         20,011                —         23,762       559,560
       Accounts and other receivables                                        —               —         30,674              —                —      5,789,739      5,820,413
       Other non-current assets                                              —               —              —              —                —              —             —
       Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
       institutions                                                   8,115,682              —              —              —                —      4,097,542     12,213,224
       Clearing settlement funds                                     23,804,906              —              —              —                —              —     23,804,906
       Cash and bank balances                                       106,626,158      5,633,426      1,117,680              —                —              —    113,377,264
       Sub-total                                                    188,687,430     33,212,089    131,773,360    111,434,372        20,221,709   109,525,808    594,854,768
       Financial liabilities
       Borrowings                                                    10,840,847        886,067         45,129              —                —              —     11,772,043
       Short-term debt instruments                                     124,190       4,216,159     20,183,285              —                —        624,365     25,147,999
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions        10,802,438              —              —              —                —              —     10,802,438
       Bonds payables                                                 4,171,736     19,447,013     38,780,223     68,894,292                —      3,334,478    134,627,742
       Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements            109,042,933      6,932,843      4,829,697              —                —              —    120,805,473
       Derivative financial liabilities                                   3,311            699              —              —                —      2,871,029      2,875,039
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss    41,818,086              —              —              —                —      5,925,934     47,744,020
       Accounts payables to brokerage clients                        93,159,725              —              —              —                —     13,217,929    106,377,654
       Other payables and accrued charges                                    —         100,000        842,000              —                —     25,939,017     26,881,017
       Lease liabilities                                                42,718          42,452        245,676        679,197          233,303              —      1,243,346
       Sub-total                                                    270,005,984     31,625,233     64,926,010      69,573,489         233,303     51,912,752    488,276,771
       Net position                                                 (81,318,554)     1,586,856     66,847,350      41,860,883       19,988,406    57,613,056    106,577,997

                                                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                     371
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

c.    Interest rate risk (Continued)


                                                                                                              At December 31, 2021
                                                                                      More than      More than      More than
                                                                                    1 month but    3 month but      1 year but
                                                                       Less than       less than      less than      less than       More than    Non-interest
                                                                        1 month        3 months          1 year        5 years         5 years        bearing          Total
        Financial assets
        Equity instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                  —               —              —              —                —      1,409,254      1,409,254
        Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                            621,711       2,505,289      7,412,054     27,925,722         2,117,547             —     40,582,323
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          2,117,918      3,774,394     42,201,049     73,439,008        32,146,857   111,665,052    265,344,278
        Derivative financial assets                                        2,912          7,580          2,224              —                —      3,191,925      3,204,641
        Advances to customers                                         10,608,283     20,992,084     67,086,139              —                —              —     98,686,506
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                 25,617,085      3,314,576      9,601,068        665,863                —              —     39,198,592
        Debt instruments at amortized cost                               63,134          42,985        852,006        159,501                —              —      1,117,626
        Accounts and other receivables                                        —               —              —              —                —      5,260,246      5,260,246
        Other non-current assets                                              —               —              —              —                —        291,815       291,815
        Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial
        institutions                                                   3,140,787              —              —              —                —     10,001,004     13,141,791
        Clearing settlement funds                                     25,873,373              —              —              —                —              —     25,873,373
        Cash and bank balances                                        70,679,103              —     12,059,150       5,200,000               —              8     87,938,261
        Sub-total                                                    138,724,306     30,636,908    139,213,690    107,390,094        34,264,404   131,819,304    582,048,706
        Financial liabilities
        Borrowings                                                     5,573,967        654,221              —              —                —              —      6,228,188
        Short-term debt instruments                                    4,324,160      4,608,064     16,599,414              —                —      1,404,201     26,935,839
        Placements from banks and other financial institutions         3,737,728      3,005,989              —              —                —              —      6,743,717
        Bonds payables                                                  442,609       3,836,403     28,303,378    110,867,337                —      2,864,230    146,313,957
        Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements            106,312,180     11,972,507      9,133,043              —                —              —    127,417,730
        Derivative financial liabilities                                      —          13,763         18,018            499                —      4,584,712      4,616,992
        Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss    18,621,982              —              —              —                —      4,565,956     23,187,938
        Accounts payables to brokerage clients                        87,081,216              —              —              —                —     12,524,126     99,605,342
        Other payables and accrued charges                                    —               —      1,772,900              —                —     30,199,842     31,972,742
        Lease liabilities                                                28,269          51,452        242,168        711,700          283,876              —      1,317,465
        Sub-total                                                    226,122,111     24,142,399     56,068,921    111,579,536          283,876     56,143,067    474,339,910
        Net position                                                 (87,397,805)     6,494,509     83,144,769      (4,189,442)      33,980,528    75,676,237    107,708,796




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

372
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

c.    Interest rate risk (Continued)

Sensitivity analysis

      The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on interest rates to measure the impact of a reasonably possible
change in interest rates on the Group’s profit and equity, assuming all other variables were held constant.
Assuming a parallel change in market interest rate and without taking into account of any possible risk
management activities that may be taken by the management to reduce interest rate risks, the Group’s
interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:


Sensitivity to profit


                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2022              2021

       Change in basis points

       Increase by 100bps                                                         (369,098)       (2,954,670)

       Decrease by 100bps                                                          227,578        3,034,860



Sensitivity to equity


                                                                                  As at December 31,

                                                                                      2022              2021

       Change in basis points

       Increase by 100bps                                                       (1,462,917)       (3,773,844)

       Decrease by 100bps                                                        1,356,811        3,884,582




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                          373
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


62. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

(4)   Market risk (Continued)

d.    Foreign currency rate risk

     Foreign exchange rate risk represents the adverse changes in the financial position and cash flows of
the Group due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on foreign
exchange rates to measure its foreign exchange rate risks. The table below indicates the sensitivity analysis on
exchange rate changes in currencies that the Group has significant exposure, which calculates the impacts to
equity arising from a reasonably possible change in the exchange rate of a foreign currency against Renminbi,
assuming all other variables were held constant. A negative amount reflects a potential decrease in equity,
and a positive amount reflects a potential increase in equity.


Sensitivity analysis of exchange rate


                                                                                    As at December 31,

                                                                                       2022             2021

        Change in exchange rate

        Depreciation of USD by 3%                                                    42,481             2,376

        Depreciation of HKD by 3%                                                  (112,390)          (59,319)

     The table above indicates the impacts on the equity of a depreciation of 3% in USD and HKD against
Renminbi. There will be an opposite impact with the same amount as shown in the above table if the above
exchange rates appreciate by the same percentage.


(5)   Operational risk

      The Group’s operational risks arise from imperfect or problematic internal processes, people and systems
or external events. The operational risk factors of the Group are summarized into seven categories, including:
internal fraud, external fraud, employee policies and workplace safety, clients, products and business
activities, physical property damage, business interruption and IT system failures, execution, settlement and
process management.
      The Group emphasize balance of business scale, profitability and risk tolerance level, adhering to
carrying out various operations with prudence, and will not sacrifice operational risk management and
controls. During the current year, the Group continued to strengthen operational risk management, and
had improved a sound operational risk management system gradually, which was commensurate with the
business nature, scale and complexity of the Group. Three management tools, namely, (1) self-assessment of
operational risk control, (2) operational risk key risk indicators and (3) operational risk event had been used
to effectively enhance the depth and breadth of operational risk management through various special sorting
and investigations for industry hotspot events and frequent risk-prone areas.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

374
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

(1)   Fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured on a recurring
      basis

     The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis is
estimated using discounted cash flow method.
      The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of the financial assets and financial
liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis (including financial liabilities included in the
consolidated statement of financial position of the Group at amortized cost) approximate their fair values as
at December 31, 2022 and 2021.


(2)   Fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
      recurring basis

      If there is a reliable market quote for financial instruments, the fair value of financial instruments is
based on quoted market prices. If a reliable quoted market price is not available, the fair value of the financial
instruments is estimated using valuation techniques. Valuation techniques applied include reference to the
fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
pricing models. The inputs used in valuation techniques include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit
spreads and foreign exchange rates. Where discounted cash flow analysis is used, estimated cash flows are
based on management’s best estimates and the discount rate used is reference to another instrument that is
substantially the same.
      Since the Level 2 and Level 3 of financial assets and liabilities are not quoted in an active market,
valuation techniques are used to estimate the fair value. When estimating fair value using valuation
techniques, observable inputs and data from the practical market (e.g. yield curve of interest rate products,
foreign currency exchange rate, implied volatility, etc.) are adopted. If the observable inputs in the market
are not available, the observable input data that are calibrated as closely as possible to the market observable
data are used for estimating the fair value. Meanwhile, the credit risk, volatility, correlation, etc. of the Group
and the counterparties are estimated by the management. Changes in these factors will affect the estimated
fair value of the financial instruments, therefore there were uncertainty of accounting estimation on carrying
balances of the Level 2 and Level 3 of financial assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                               375
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The valuation techniques and input used in the fair value measurements of financial instruments are as
follows:

                                                     Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                              Significant            Relationship of
                                                      December 31,
                                                                                Fair value                                                    unobservable           unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities         2022              2021    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs                 fair value
       1)    Financial assets at fair value
             through profit or loss
             Debt securities
             — Traded on stock exchanges          1,860,311      1,963,237         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                    N/A
             — Traded on stock exchange or      144,396,485   151,697,356          Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      N/A                    N/A
               interbank market                                                              flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                             reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
             — Bonds with no active market        2,143,243      1,377,268         Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      Estimated future       The higher the
                                                                                             flows discounted at unobservable yield curve     cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                             reflecting credit risk of counterparties.        Discount rates that    flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                              reflect the risks of   fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                              counterparties.        the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                                     higher the fair value.
             Equity investments
             — Traded on stock exchanges         20,966,001     14,989,525         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                    N/A
             — Traded on stock exchanges            24,828              5,821      Level 2   Quoted closing prices for stocks suspended       N/A                    N/A
               (inactive)                                                                    for trading adjusted by fair value changes of
                                                                                             similar securities.
             — Traded on stock exchanges          2,165,229      3,079,842         Level 3   Market prices adjusted by option pricing         Liquidity discount.    The higher the
               (restricted)                                                                  model for liquidity.                                                    discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                     the fair value.
             — Traded on National Equities         158,448         177,593         Level 2   Bid prices quoted by market dealers.             N/A                    N/A
               Exchange and Quotations
             — Traded on National Equities            7,500         12,011         Level 2   Bid prices or negotiated prices.                 N/A                    N/A
               Exchange and Quotations
             — Unlisted Equity                    2,440,774      2,498,030         Level 2   Latest observable transaction prices.            N/A                    N/A
             — Unlisted Equity                     112,846         156,348         Level 3   Net asset value based on the fair value of the   The fair value of      The higher the
                                                                                             underlying investments.                          underlying assets.     underlying assets
                                                                                                                                                                     valuation, the higher
                                                                                                                                                                     the fair value.
             — Unlisted Equity                     635,711         347,854         Level 3   Comparable companies valuation, adjusted by      Valuation multiples    The higher the
                                                                                             liquidity discount.                              e.g. P/E or P/B./      valuation multiples,
                                                                                                                                              Liquidity discount.    the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                                                     value.The higher the
                                                                                                                                                                     discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                     the fair value.
             — Unlisted Equity                      84,201         870,004         Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      Estimated future       The higher the
                                                                                             flows discounted at unobservable yield curve     cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                             reflecting credit risk of counterparties.        Discount rates that    flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                              reflect the risks of   fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                              counterparties.        the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                                     higher the fair value.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

376
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                     Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                              Significant            Relationship of
                                                      December 31,
                                                                               Fair value                                                     unobservable           unobservable input to
    Financial assets/financial liabilities            2022              2021   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)           inputs                 fair value
    1)    Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss (Continued)
          Debt securities (Continued)
          — Unlisted Equity                               –        157,882        Level 3   Latest transaction price adjusted by option       Latest transactions    The high the historical
                                                                                            pricing model for liquidity.                      prices adjusted        volatilities, the higher
                                                                                                                                              by differences in      the fair value
                                                                                                                                              rights of equity
                                                                                                                                              interest holders
                                                                                                                                              using derivatives
                                                                                                                                              models. Historical
                                                                                                                                              volatilities.
          Funds
          — Traded on stock exchanges            13,606,150      6,067,197        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.        N/A                    N/A
          — Traded on over-the-counter market    36,472,986     17,689,264        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the              N/A                    N/A
                                                                                            investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                            observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                            investment portfolio.
          Other investments
          — Wealth management and                  253,984         103,972        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.        N/A                    N/A
            trust products and others
          — Wealth management and trust           9,547,209     56,256,982        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the              N/A                    N/A
            products and others                                                             investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                            observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                            investment portfolio.
          — Wealth management and trust            232,395       1,709,570        Level 3   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash       Estimated future       The higher the
            products and others                                                             flows discounted at an unobservable yield         cash flows.            estimated future cash
                                                                                            curve reflecting credit risk of counterparties.   Discount rates that    flows, the higher the
                                                                                                                                              reflect the risks of   fair value. The lower
                                                                                                                                              counterparties.        the discount rate, the
                                                                                                                                                                     higher the fair value.
          — Partnership enterprise                6,667,689      6,184,522        Level 3   Comparable companies valuation, adjusted by       Valuation multiples    The higher the
                                                                                            liquidity discount.                               e.g. P/E or P/B./      valuation multiples,
                                                                                                                                              Liquidity discount.    the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                                                     value.The higher the
                                                                                                                                                                     discount, the lower
                                                                                                                                                                     the fair value.




                                                                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                     377
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                       Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                Significant    Relationship of
                                                        December 31,
                                                                                  Fair value                                                    unobservable   unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities           2022              2021    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs         fair value
       2)    Debt instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
             Bonds
             — Traded on stock exchanges             918,980         681,853         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Traded on stock exchange or         59,969,548     39,900,470         Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      N/A            N/A
               interbank market                                                                flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                               reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
       3)    Equity instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
             Equity investments
             — Traded on stock exchanges            1,621,133      1,405,908         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Traded on stock exchanges                7,203             3,346      Level 2   Quoted closing prices for stocks suspended       N/A            N/A
               (inactive)                                                                      for trading adjusted by fair value changes of
                                                                                               similar securities.
       4)    Derivative financial instruments
             — Interest rate swap — assets            23,279         685,971         Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A            N/A
                                                                                               that are estimated based on contractual terms,
                                                                                               discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                               risk.
             — Interest rate swap — liabilities       10,490         704,685         Level 2   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows     N/A            N/A
                                                                                               that are estimated based on contractual terms,
                                                                                               discounted at a rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                               risk.
             — Bond futures — assets                    4,650                 –      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Bond futures — liabilities               1,824                 –      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Equity return swaps — assets         2,454,820      1,626,204         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                               the equity return of underlying securities
                                                                                               and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                               agreements.
             — Equity return swaps — liabilities    1,668,572      2,308,822         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A            N/A
                                                                                               the equity return of underlying securities
                                                                                               and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                               agreements.
             — Stock index futures — assets             7,371         31,495         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Stock index futures — liabilities        5,088             3,179      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A
             — Options — assets                      319,615         234,403         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A            N/A




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

378
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                     Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                                 Significant             Relationship of
                                                      December 31,
                                                                                Fair value                                                       unobservable            unobservable input to
    Financial assets/financial liabilities            2022              2021    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)             inputs                  fair value
    4)    Derivative financial instruments
          (Continued)
          — Options — liabilities                   604,811        655,621         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Over-the-counter option — liabilities     3,305                 –      Level 2   Option pricing model. Key inputs mainly             N/A                     N/A
                                                                                             include the underlying price, the strike price
                                                                                             and time to expiry.
          — Over-the-counter option — assets        546,343        484,251         Level 3   Option pricing model.                               Historical volatility   The higher the
                                                                                                                                                 of the share prices     historical volatility, the
                                                                                                                                                 of the securities.      higher the fair value.
          — Over-the-counter option                 415,627        739,975         Level 3   Option pricing model.                               Historical volatility   The higher the
            — liabilities                                                                                                                        of the share prices     historical volatility, the
                                                                                                                                                 of the securities.      higher the fair value.
          — Foreign exchange contracts              163,820                 –      Level 2   Broker quoted price.                                N/A                     N/A
            — assets
          — Foreign exchange contracts                    –         48,427         Level 2   Broker quoted price.                                N/A                     N/A
            — liabilities
          — Foreign exchange contracts               19,052             2,001      Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are        N/A                     N/A
            — assets                                                                         estimated based on forward and contractual
                                                                                             interest rates, discounted at rates that reflects
                                                                                             the credit risk.
          — Foreign exchange contracts               19,897                 –      Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are        N/A                     N/A
            — liabilities                                                                    estimated based on forward and contractual
                                                                                             interest rates, discounted at rates that reflects
                                                                                             the credit risk.
          — Currency futures — assets                 7,002             1,523      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Currency futures — liabilities             100               532       Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.          N/A                     N/A
          — Currency futures — assets                24,027                 –      Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between          N/A                     N/A
                                                                                             the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                             the reference price agreed by counterparties.
          — Currency futures — liabilities           15,950                 –      Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between          N/A                     N/A
                                                                                             the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                             the reference price agreed by counterparties.
          — Credit default swap — assets               511                  –      Level 2   Discounted cash flows. Future cash flows are        N/A                     N/A
                                                                                             estimated based on forward and contractual
                                                                                             interest rates, discounted at rates that reflects
                                                                                             the credit risk.
          — Credit default swap — assets              7,536             9,861      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows        The agreed return       The higher the agreed
                                                                                             that are estimated based on the difference of       rate.                   return rate, the higher
                                                                                             agreed return and expected market return.                                   the fair value.




                                                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                          379
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                      Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                              Significant           Relationship of
                                                       December 31,
                                                                                 Fair value                                                   unobservable          unobservable input to
       Financial assets/financial liabilities          2022              2021    hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)         inputs                fair value
       4)    Derivative financial instruments
             (Continued)
             — Credit default swap — liabilities        144               345       Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows    The agreed return     The higher the agreed
                                                                                              that are estimated based on the difference of   rate.                 return rate, the higher
                                                                                              agreed return and expected market return.                             the fair value.
             — Commodity futures — assets             17,145         52,408         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.      N/A                   N/A
             — Commodity futures — liabilities        30,664        137,945         Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.      N/A                   N/A
             — Commodity swap — assets                68,177         71,834         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between      N/A                   N/A
                                                                                              the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                              the reference price agreed by counterparties.
             — Commodity swap — liabilities           85,689         17,461         Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between      N/A                   N/A
                                                                                              the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                              the reference price agreed by counterparties.
             — Commodity forward contracts —           1,338             3,849      Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between      N/A                   N/A
               assets                                                                         the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                              the reference price agreed by counterparties.
             — Commodity forward contracts —           9,567                 –      Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between      N/A                   N/A
               liabilities                                                                    the underlying commodity market price and
                                                                                              the reference price agreed by counterparties.
             — Bond forward contracts — assets             –              841       Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows    The settlement        The higher the
                                                                                              that are calculated based on the difference     price agreed in the   settlement price, the
                                                                                              between quoted closing price and the            agreements.           higher the fair value.
                                                                                              reference price agreed by counterparties.
             — Bond forward contracts — liabilities    3,311                 –      Level 3   Discounted cash flows with future cash flows    The settlement        The higher the
                                                                                              that are calculated based on the difference     price agreed in the   settlement price, the
                                                                                              between quoted closing price and the            agreements.           higher the fair value.
                                                                                              reference price agreed by counterparties.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

380
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                       Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                               Significant          Relationship of
                                                        December 31,
                                                                                 Fair value                                                    unobservable         unobservable input to
      Financial assets/financial liabilities            2022              2021   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)          inputs               fair value
      5)    Financial liabilities at fair value
            through profit or loss
            — Structured entities                   2,732,367      1,949,008        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the             N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                              observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                              investment portfolio.
            — Equity securities                     1,437,918        383,159        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                  N/A
            — Debt securities                      41,818,085     18,621,982        Level 2   Discounted cash flow method. Estimated cash      N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              flows discounted at observable yield curve
                                                                                              reflecting credit risk of counterparties.
            — Structured notes                      1,483,752      1,753,125        Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the             N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                              observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                              investment portfolio.
            — Income right                              1,008                –      Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                  N/A
            — Income right                              8,578                –      Level 2   Based on the net asset values of the             N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              investment, determined with reference to
                                                                                              observable (quoted) prices of underlying
                                                                                              investment portfolio.
            — Income right                            46,850          46,061        Level 3   Net asset value based on the fair value of the   The fair value of    The higher the
                                                                                              underlying investments.                          underlying assets.   underlying assets
                                                                                                                                                                    valuation, the higher
                                                                                                                                                                    the fair value.
            — Others                                  17,210         112,406        Level 1   Quoted closing prices in an active market.       N/A                  N/A
            — Others                                 198,252         322,197        Level 2   Calculated based on the difference between       N/A                  N/A
                                                                                              the equity return of underlying securities
                                                                                              and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                                              agreements.


      The fair value of the financial instruments in Level 3 is not significantly sensitive to a reasonable change
in these unobservable inputs.




                                                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                                                   381
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Analysis of financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the year, by level in the fair value
hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorized as follows:

                                                                As at December 31, 2022

                                                   Level 1           Level 2          Level 3            Total

        Financial assets

        Financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                 36,686,446      193,048,230       12,041,314      241,775,990

          — Debt securities                      1,860,311     144,396,485         2,143,243     148,400,039

          — Equity investments                 20,966,001         2,631,550        2,997,987       26,595,538

          — Funds                              13,606,150       36,472,986                 —       50,079,136

          — Others                                 253,984        9,547,209        6,900,084       16,701,277

        Derivative financial assets                355,783        2,755,024          553,879        3,664,686

        Debt instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive
        income                                     918,980      59,969,548                 —       60,888,528

        Equity instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive
        income                                   1,621,133            7,203                —        1,628,336

                                               39,582,342      255,780,005       12,595,193      307,957,540

        Financial liabilities

        Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                   1,456,136      46,241,034            46,850       47,744,020

        Derivative financial liabilities           642,487        1,813,470          419,082        2,875,039

                                                 2,098,623      48,054,504           465,932       50,619,059




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

382
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

                                                         As at December 31, 2021

                                             Level 1         Level 2         Level 3             Total

    Financial assets

    Financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                23,123,931    228,337,057      13,883,290       265,344,278

      — Debt securities                    1,963,237    151,697,356       1,377,268       155,037,861

      — Equity investments                14,989,525      2,693,455       4,611,930        22,294,910

      — Funds                              6,067,197     17,689,264               —        23,756,461

      — Others                              103,972      56,256,982       7,894,092        64,255,046

    Derivative financial assets             319,829       2,389,859         494,953         3,204,641

    Debt instruments at fair value
    through other comprehensive
    income                                  681,853      39,900,470               —        40,582,323

    Equity instruments at fair value
    through other comprehensive
    income                                 1,405,908           3,346              —         1,409,254

                                          25,531,521    270,630,732      14,378,243       310,540,496

    Financial liabilities

    Financial liabilities at fair value
    through profit or loss                  495,565      22,646,312           46,061       23,187,938

    Derivative financial liabilities        797,277       3,079,395         740,320         4,616,992

                                           1,292,842     25,725,707         786,381        27,804,930




                                                                                       2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                    383
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


63. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                                                 Financial         Financial
                                                                                    assets        liabilities

        As at January 1, 2022                                                  14,378,243          786,381

        Gain or losses for the year                                                (63,535)       (130,399)

        Additions                                                                4,259,761         239,177

        Sales and settlements                                                   (4,202,205)       (418,157)

        Transfers into Level 3                                                     222,334                —

        Transfers out Level 3                                                   (1,999,405)         (11,070)

        As at December 31, 2022                                                12,595,193          465,932

        Total gains or losses for the year included in profit
        or loss for assets/liabilities held at the end of the
        reporting period                                                           542,062        (247,388)

                                                                                 Financial         Financial
                                                                                    assets        liabilities

        As at January 1, 2021                                                  12,211,873        1,278,950

        Gain or losses for the year                                                137,816           19,162

        Additions                                                                6,435,698         436,181

        Sales and settlements                                                   (4,319,643)       (963,783)

        Transfers into Level 3                                                     611,745           15,871

        Transfers out Level 3                                                     (699,246)               —

        As at December 31, 2021                                                14,378,243          786,381

        Total gains or losses for the year included in profit
        or loss for assets/liabilities held at the end of the
        reporting period                                                           537,497           16,617

     For the fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis, the Group reassesses the hierarchy category at the end of each reporting period, based on
the lowest level input that has a significant impact on the overall fair value measurement, to determine
whether there are any transfers between different levels. In both the year 2022 and 2021, the Group had
equity investments that were transferred from Level 3 to Level 1, primarily because the trading restrictions
on these investments had been lifted and their fair values were determined based on quoted closing prices
in an active market without any liquidity discounts. In addition, there were also some equity investments
that were transferred between Level 3 and Level 2. The reason for transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 was that
the valuation technique based on significant unobservable inputs used for these investments had changed
to valuation technique based on the most recent market transaction prices, and vice versa for transfers from
Level 2 to Level 3.
China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

384
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

      The Group offsets the following financial assets and financial liabilities since the Group currently has a
legally enforceable right to set off the balances, and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the
balances simultaneously.

                                                                                               As at December 31, 2022

                                                                  Gross amounts
                                                                   of recognized
                                                                         financial      Net amounts of           Related amounts not set off
                                                                        liabilities      financial assets       in the consolidated statement
                                                                        set off in          presented in             of financial position
                                           Gross amounts        the consolidated       the consolidated
                                             of recognized          statement of            statement of           Financial
       Type of financial assets            financial assets    financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

       Accounts and other receivables             745,970               (428,736)               317,234              (1,657)              (3,571)      312,006

                                                                                               As at December 31, 2022

                                                                  Gross amounts         Net amounts of
                                                                    of recognized               financial
                                                                                                                 Related amounts not set off
                                                                  financial assets             liabilities
                                                                                                                in the consolidated statement
                                           Gross amounts                 set off in        presented in
                                                                                                                     of financial position
                                            of recognized       the consolidated       the consolidated
                                                  financial          statement of          statement of           Financial
       Type of financial liabilities             liabilities   financial position     financial position       instruments       Cash collateral    Net amount

       Accounts payable to brokerage
       clients                                 (7,709,833)               212,362             (7,497,471)            433,189                     —    (7,064,282)

       Other payables and accrued
       charges                                   (493,159)               389,697               (103,462)                 1,657           (35,467)     (137,272)

                                               (8,202,992)               602,059             (7,600,933)            434,846              (35,467)   (7,201,554)




                                                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                          385
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


64. OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

                                                                                             As at December 31, 2021

                                                                Gross amounts
                                                                 of recognized                                 Related amounts not set off
                                                                       financial      Net amounts of          in the consolidated statement
                                                                      liabilities      financial assets            of financial position
                                                                      set off in          presented in
                                         Gross amounts        the consolidated       the consolidated
                                           of recognized          statement of            statement of           Financial
        Type of financial assets         financial assets    financial position     financial position        instruments       Cash collateral   Net amount

        Accounts and other receivables          863,487               (575,097)               288,390            (132,995)               1,232       156,627

                                                                                             As at December 31, 2021

                                                                Gross amounts         Net amounts of
                                                                  of recognized               financial        Related amounts not set off
                                                                financial assets             liabilities      in the consolidated statement
                                         Gross amounts                 set off in        presented in              of financial position
                                          of recognized       the consolidated       the consolidated
                                                financial          statement of          statement of           Financial
        Type of financial liabilities          liabilities   financial position     financial position       instruments       Cash collateral    Net amount

        Accounts payable to brokerage
        clients                              (9,526,255)               490,707             (9,035,548)            758,365                     —    (8,277,183)

        Other payables and accrued
        charges                                (973,530)               557,558               (415,972)            132,995              (18,771)     (301,748)

                                            (10,499,785)             1,048,265             (9,451,520)            891,360              (18,771)   (8,578,931)

      The Group has entered into master netting arrangements with counterparties for the derivative
instruments, accounts and other receivables, accounts payable to brokerage clients and other payables and
accrued charges for netting trades.
     The Group has entered into master netting arrangements with Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company
Limited for netting trades, net receivables and payables are settled on the same settlement date as the
company.
      Except for the enforceable master netting arrangements and the offsetting rights of the financial
assets under the similar agreements as disclosed above, the collateral financial assets held under resale
agreement, financial assets sold under repurchase agreement, secured loan receivables and margin accounts
receivable are disclosed in the corresponding notes and are generally not presented on a net basis in financial
position. However, assuming the fair value of the collateral is presented on net basis, the risk exposure of
the corresponding accounts will be reduced accordingly. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the fair
value of the collateral is higher than the book value of the financial instruments, collateral net exposure after
offsetting and net amount is considered not significant.




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

386
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


65. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

      Certain investors in China Security Co.,Ltd. instigated civil litigations to seek indemnities against their
losses arising from misrepresentations, and lodged claims against China Security Co.,Ltd. and their directors,
its subsidiary China Security & Fire Technology Co., Ltd. and intermediaries including the Company, for
indemnifying their losses and the associated litigation costs, and demanded China Security & Fire Technology
Co., Ltd., personnel including directors of China Security Co., Ltd. and intermediaries to undertake joint and
several liabilities in respect of these indemnities.
      As at December 31, 2022, the Group has received lawsuit materials and relevant notices initialted by
7,999 investors transferred by the Shanghai Financial Court and the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court. The
Shanghai Financial Court and the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court had made first-instance judgments
and rulings of the cases involving 7,083 investors, and according to the court judgment, the Group bears
joint and several liability within a total amount of RMB251 million. In addition, based on the loss appraisal
opinions delivered by the Shanghai Financial Court and the Wuhan Financial Court, the aggregate loss of
these investments for parallel cases that have not been judged was RMB152 million. According to the court
judgement, the Company expects to be jointly and severally liable for damages within 25% of the above-
mentioned investment losses. The impact of the above civil litigations has been considered in the consolidated
financial statements.




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           387
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


65. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (Continued)

      In addition, on August 12, 2022, the Group received notice of case filing from the CSRC regarding the
role as the independent financial advisor of China Securities Co. Ltd. in 2014. On September 19, 2022, the
Group received an administrative penalty decision from the CSRC for not fulfilling duties diligently during
the period of performing independent financial advisor business work for China Securities Co. Ltd. in 2014,
and violating relevant laws and regulations, for which the Group was subjected to administrative penalties in
accordance with the law.
     As of December 31, 2022, except for cases and the administrative penalty from the CSRC’s mentioned
above, the Group had no other pending legal proceedings, arbitration or administrative procedures that
may result in adverse judgments, which may be expected to have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s
financial situation or operating results.


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

     The following table only contains details of subsidiaries that have significant influence on the Group’s
performance, assets or liabilities. Unless otherwise stated, the type of shares held is ordinary share.

                                                                                                               As at December 31

                                                                                                                    2022                     2021

        Unlisted investments, at cost                                                                      18,869,797              18,869,797

                                                           Proportion ownership    Proportion ownership
                                                              interest held by        interest held by
                                                            the Company (As at      the Company (As at           Issued and
                                          Place of
                                                            December 31, 2022)      December 31, 2021)             fully paid
                                          incorporation/
        Name of subsidiaries              establishment    Directly   Indirectly   Directly   Indirectly       share capital    Principal activities
        China Merchants Securities        PRC              100.00%       0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     HK$4,103,627,390     Investment holding
        International Company Limited
        China Merchants Securities (HK)   PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%      HK$5,500,000,000     Securities brokerage
        Co., Limited
        China Merchants Futures (HK)      PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%       HK$200,000,000      Futures brokerage
        Co., Limited
        China Merchants Securities        PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%       HK$400,000,000      Investment holding
        Investment Management (HK)
        Co., Limited
        CMS Capital (HK) Co., Limited     PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%         HK$5,000,000      Assets management




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

388
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                         Proportion ownership    Proportion ownership
                                                            interest held by        interest held by
                                                          the Company (As at      the Company (As at           Issued and
                                        Place of
                                                          December 31, 2022)      December 31, 2021)             fully paid
                                        incorporation/
    Name of subsidiaries                establishment    Directly   Indirectly   Directly   Indirectly       share capital      Principal activities
    CMS Asset Management (HK) Co.,      PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%        HK$10,000,000        Assets management
    Limited
    China Merchants Futures Co., Ltd.   PRC              100.00%       0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     RMB3,598,000,000       Futures brokerage
    China Merchants Zhiyuan Capital     PRC              100.00%       0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     RMB1,800,000,000       Investment holding
    Investment Co., Ltd.
    Shenzhen China Merchants            PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%         RMB3,000,000        Consulting services
    Zhiyuan Consultancy Services
    Co., Ltd.
    Beijing Zhiyuan Lixin Investment    PRC                  N/A          N/A     0.00%     100.00%        RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Management Co., Ltd.*(i)                                                                                                    management
    Shenzhen China Merchants            PRC               0.00%       70.00%      0.00%       70.00%       RMB15,000,000        Investment
    Zhiyuan Equity Investment and                                                                                               management
    Funds Management Co., Ltd.
    Ganzhou China Merchants             PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%        RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Zhiyuan No. 1 Fund Management                                                                                               management
    Co., Ltd.*
    Ganzhou Zhaoyuan Investment         PRC                  N/A          N/A     0.00%     100.00%        RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Management Co., Ltd.*(i)                                                                                                    management
    Anhui Traffic Control Merchants     PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%        RMB25,000,000        Investment
    Private Equity Fund Management                                                                                              management
    Co., Ltd.*
    Qingdao Guoxin Merchants            PRC               0.00%       65.00%      0.00%       65.00%       RMB10,000,000        Investment
    Private Equity Fund Management                                                                                              management
    Co., Ltd.*
    Shenyang China Merchants            PRC               0.00%       70.00%      0.00%       70.00%        RMB4,000,000        Investment
    Business and Development                                                                                                    management
    Investment Management Co.,
    Ltd.*




                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                 389
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                            Proportion ownership    Proportion ownership
                                                               interest held by        interest held by
                                                             the Company (As at      the Company (As at           Issued and
                                           Place of
                                                             December 31, 2022)      December 31, 2021)             fully paid
                                           incorporation/
        Name of subsidiaries               establishment    Directly   Indirectly   Directly   Indirectly       share capital    Principal activities
        China Merchants Securities         PRC              100.00%       0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     RMB7,100,000,000     Investment holding
        Investment Co., Ltd.
        China Merchants Securities Asset   PRC              100.00%       0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     RMB1,000,000,000     Assets management
        Management Co., Ltd.
        China Merchants Securities (UK)    UK                0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%         US$22,000,000     Futures brokerage
        Limited
        Anhui Zhiyuan Smart City Fund      PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%         RMB4,500,000      Equity fund
        Management Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                    management,
                                                                                                                                 investment advisory
                                                                                                                                 service, investment
                                                                                                                                 management, financial
                                                                                                                                 consultancy service
        China Merchants Securities (HK)    PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%           HK$500,000      Investment and
        Finance Co., Limited                                                                                                     financing Management
        China Merchants Securities         PRC               0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%       RMB500,000,000      Financial services
        Capital Investment Co., Ltd.*
        Anhui Traffic Control China        PRC               0.00%       70.00%      0.00%       70.00%       RMB15,000,000      Investment
        Merchants Fund Management                                                                                                management
        Co., Ltd. *
        China Merchants Securities         Korea             0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%      KRW8,523,900,000     Securities brokerage,
        (Korea) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        futures brokerage
        Chizhou Zhongan China              PRC               0.00%       72.00%      0.00%       72.00%       RMB10,000,000      Investment
        Merchants Equity Investment                                                                                              management
        Management Co., Ltd.*
        Humble Easy Limited                UK                0.00%       98.40%      0.00%       98.40%         US$5,000,000     Investment
                                                                                                                                 management




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

390
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


66. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                 Proportion ownership    Proportion ownership
                                                                    interest held by        interest held by
                                                                  the Company (As at      the Company (As at        Issued and
                                                Place of
                                                                  December 31, 2022)      December 31, 2021)          fully paid
                                                incorporation/
           Name of subsidiaries                 establishment    Directly   Indirectly   Directly   Indirectly    share capital      Principal activities
           Bliss Moment Limited                 UK                0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%      US$10,000,000       Investment
                                                                                                                                     management
           CMS International Gemstone           UK                0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%               US$1       Investment
           Limited                                                                                                                   management
           Sweet Blaze Holding Limited(ii)      UK                0.00%        0.04%      0.00%     100.00%               US$1       Investment
                                                                                                                                     management
           True Summit International Limited    UK                0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%               US$1       Investment
                                                                                                                                     management
           Mega Vantage Development             UK                0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%               US$1       Investment
           Limited                                                                                                                   management
           China Opportunities Limited          UK                0.00%     100.00%       0.00%     100.00%      US$12,749,889       Assets management

     *          English name translated is for identification purpose only.
     (i)        The entity has been liquidated and deregistered in 2022.
     (ii)       The Group has lost control over Sweet Blaze Holding Limited in 2022.
     The above subsidies are all limited liability company.
    The directors of the Company considered that none of these subsidiaries has non-controlling interests
material to the Group at the end of the year, and therefore there is no further information to be disclosed.




                                                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                      391
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were or
future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
financing activities.

                                                        Short-
                                                    term debt        Bonds          Lease      Dividend
                                     Borrowings   instruments      payables     liabilities    payables     Others           Total

        At January 1, 2022            6,228,188    26,935,839    146,313,957    1,317,465       592,196          —     181,387,645

        Cash changes

        — Cash flow from
          financing activities (i)    4,621,788    (2,400,708)   (17,317,134)    (393,798)    (5,510,034)   (14,151)   (21,014,037)

        — Cash flow from
          operating activities           30,675            —              —             —             —          —         30,675

        Non-cash changes

        — Financing cost
          incurred                      135,735       593,103      5,190,386       38,073     5,492,353          —      11,449,650

        — Additions of leases                                                    273,900                                  273,900

        — Disposal of leases                                                       (1,021)                                  (1,021)

        — Exchange differences          755,657        19,765       440,533         8,727             —          —       1,224,682

        At December 31, 2022         11,772,043    25,147,999    134,627,742    1,243,346       574,515     (14,151)   173,351,494




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

392
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


67. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (Continued)

                                                          Short-
                                                      term debt        Bonds          Lease      Dividend
                                      Borrowings    instruments      payables     liabilities    payables     Others         Total

         At January 1, 2021            3,961,652     36,216,758     92,980,628    1,260,399       592,196         —    135,011,633

         Cash changes

         — Cash flow from
           financing activities (i)    2,282,192    (10,299,487)    48,692,885     (341,573)    (4,615,702)       —     35,718,315

         — Cash flow from
           operating activities               —              —              —             —             —         —             —

         Non-cash changes

         — Financing cost
           incurred                      132,002      1,024,378      4,728,369       38,360     4,615,702         —     10,538,811

         — Additions of leases                                                     503,662                                503,662

         — Disposal of leases                                                      (140,344)                              (140,344)

         — Exchange differences         (147,658)        (5,810)       (87,925)      (3,039)            —         —       (244,432)

         At December 31, 2021          6,228,188     26,935,839    146,313,957    1,317,465       592,196         —    181,387,645

   (i)        The cash flows represent the proceeds from and repayment of borrowings, short-term debt instruments,
              bonds payables and interests paid in the consolidated statement of cash flows.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                                              393
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY

                                                                            As at December 31,
                                                                               2022          2021
        Non-current assets
          Property and equipment                                           1,465,950     1,406,056
          Right-of-use assets                                              1,422,456     1,486,022
          Other intangible assets                                              3,000         3,000
          Investments in subsidiaries                                     18,869,797    18,869,797
          Interests in associates                                         10,742,765     9,638,430
          Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income                                                           1,538,047     1,409,254
          Debt instruments at amortized cost                                      —        72,229
          Financial assets held under resale agreements                     100,224       665,863
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  42              42
          Deferred tax assets                                              1,683,149     1,376,609
          Other non-current assets                                          557,680       430,657
        Total non-current assets                                          36,383,110    35,357,959
        Current assets
          Advances to customers                                           78,659,209    94,637,589
          Current tax assets                                                388,636              —
          Accounts and other receivables                                   2,988,176     2,684,253
          Amount due from a subsidiary                                     1,891,607     1,104,108
          Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income                                                          58,608,252    39,378,364
          Debt instruments at amortized cost                                 15,539       480,395
          Financial assets held under resale agreements                   49,480,521    37,971,484
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          208,983,948   232,250,838
          Derivative financial assets                                      2,917,524     3,020,670
          Deposits with exchanges and non-bank financial institutions      7,947,557     4,835,452
          Clearing settlement funds                                       23,942,745    27,394,380
          Cash and bank balances                                          66,775,369    63,563,514
        Total current assets                                             502,599,083   507,321,047
        Total assets                                                     538,982,193   542,679,006



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

394
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)
                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                     2022              2021
    Current liabilities
      Short-term debt instruments                                             25,113,021        26,539,982
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                  10,802,438         6,743,717
      Accounts payables to brokerage clients                                  74,116,727        77,130,251
      Accrued staff costs                                                      6,184,843         7,617,696
      Other payables and accrued charges                                      25,023,834        27,124,607
      Current tax liabilities                                                          —           415,290
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss              41,818,085        18,621,982
      Derivative financial liabilities                                         2,135,710         5,825,876
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                      116,558,516       124,305,438
      Lease liabilities                                                          291,867           283,551
      Contract liabilities                                                         63,808                 —
      Provisions                                                                   86,314          128,144
      Bonds payables due within one year                                      63,221,046        32,920,742
    Total current liabilities                                                365,416,209       327,657,276
    Net current assets                                                       137,182,874       179,663,771
    Total assets less current liabilities                                    173,565,984       215,021,730
    Equity
      Share capital                                                            8,696,526         8,696,526
      Other equity instruments                                                15,000,000        15,000,000
      Capital reserves                                                        40,233,165        40,247,316
      Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                                         (170,658)         196,857
      General reserves                                                        20,678,128        19,301,518
      Retained profits                                                        20,187,720        20,165,464
    Total equity                                                             104,624,881       103,607,681




                                                                                            2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                         395
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)
                                                                       As at December 31,
                                                                          2022          2021
        Non-current liabilities
          Accrued staff costs                                           97,490       223,661
          Deferred income                                              112,947       116,144
          Lease liabilities                                            811,305       872,361
          Bonds payables                                             67,919,361   110,201,883
        Total non-current liabilities                                68,941,103   111,414,049
        Total equity and non-current liabilities                    173,565,984   215,021,730



The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as follows:

Capital reserves

      For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                            At the
                                        beginning                                 At the end
                                       of the year       Increase   Decrease      of the year
        Capital reserves               40,247,316               —    (14,151)      40,233,165

      For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                            At the
                                        beginning                                 At the end
                                       of the year       Increase   Decrease      of the year
        Capital reserves               40,247,316               —         —        40,247,316




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

396
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                 (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as follows: (Continued)

Investment revaluation reserve of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income


                                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                                                       2022              2021
      At the beginning of the year                                                 196,857           295,852
      Debt instruments at FVTOCI
        Net changes in fair value for the year                                     (355,358)         154,890
        Reclassification to profit or loss                                         149,927            (53,688)
        Income tax impact                                                            51,358           (25,300)
      Expected credit losses of debt instruments at FVTOCI
        Net changes in profit or loss for ECL Reclassification adjustment               446            (2,054)
        Income tax impact                                                              (111)              513
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI
        Net changes in fair value for the year                                     (294,284)         (220,830)
        Transfer to retained profits                                                  5,924           (22,508)
        Income tax impact                                                            72,090            60,834
      Share of other comprehensive income of associates                               2,493             9,148
      At the end of the year                                                      (170,658)          196,857




                                                                                              2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                           397
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
(Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


68. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)

The movements in the Company’s reserves are set out as follows (Continued)

General reserves

      For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                                             At the
                                                         beginning                       At the end
                                                        of the year      Addition        of the year
        Statutory reserve                                 5,236,148             —         5,236,148
        General risk reserve                              7,097,091       688,305         7,785,396
        Transaction risk reserve                          6,968,279       688,305         7,656,584
                                                         19,301,518      1,376,610       20,678,128

      For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                                             At the
                                                         beginning                       At the end
                                                        of the year      Addition        of the year
        Statutory reserve                                 5,236,148             —         5,236,148
        General risk reserve                              6,097,171       999,920         7,097,091
        Transaction risk reserve                          5,968,359       999,920         6,968,279
                                                         17,301,678      1,999,840       19,301,518



Retained profits

      The movements of retained profits of the Company are as follows:

                                                                             As at December 31,
                                                                                2022           2021
        At the beginning of the year                                      20,165,464     16,746,068
        Profit for the year                                                6,883,048      9,999,200
        Transfer from other comprehensive income                               (5,924)       22,508
        Appropriation to general reserve                                   (1,376,610)   (1,999,840)
        Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                 (782,134)      (802,090)
        Dividends recognized as distribution                               (4,696,124)   (3,800,382)
        At the end of the year                                            20,187,720     20,165,464



China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

398
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


69. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

(1)   Bond issue

      On March 1, 2023, the Company issued the first tranche of publicly offered subordinated bonds to
professional investors with two bond types named as “23 China Merchants Securities C1” and “23 China
Merchants Securities C2”. The aggregate principal amount of “23 China Merchants Securities C1” is RMB1.4
billion, its duration is 925 days and the interest rate is 3.45% per annum. The aggregate principal amount of
“23 China Merchants Securities C2” is RMB0.8 billion, its duration is 3 years and the interest rate is 3.55%
per annum.
      On March 17, 2023, the Company issued the second tranche of publicly offered subordinated bonds
to professional investors with two bond types named as “23 China Merchants Securities C3” and “23 China
Merchants Securities C4”. The aggregate principal amount of “23 China Merchants Securities C3” is RMB1.5
billion, its duration is 2 years and the interest rate is 3.25% per annum. The aggregate principal amount of
“23 China Merchants Securities C4” is RMB1.7 billion, its duration is 3 years and the interest rate is 3.40%
per annum.


(2)   Profit distribution

      In accordance with the 2022 profit distribution plan approved in the twenty-eighth meeting by the seven
session of the board of directors on March 24, 2023, the Company proposed cash dividends of RMB1.85 per
10 shares (inclusive of tax) to shareholders based on 8,696,526,806 shares of total capital. The proposed
profit distribution plan is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming annual
general meeting.




                                                                                          2022 Annual Report

                                                                                                        399
Chapter 10: Information Disclosure of a Securities Company


I.        R elevant I n f o r m a t i o n o n t he Major Adminis trative Approvals of the
          Company

            Issuing                                                                   Date of
     No.                       Title                               Document No.
            authority                                                                 announcement

                               Approval for the Registration
                               of Short-term Corporate
                               Bonds Publicly Issued by China      Zheng Jian Xu Ke
                               Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.      [2022] No. 3211    December 21,
      1     CSRC
                               to Professional Investors           (證監許可[2022]3211    2022
                               (關於同意招商證券股份有限公司                     號)
                               向專業投資者公開發行短期公司債
                               券註冊的批覆)
                               Approval for Market Making
                               Trading Qualification for Listed
                                                                   Zheng Jian Xu Ke
                               Securities of China Merchants
                                                                   [2022] No. 2458    October 13,
      2     CSRC               Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                   (證監許可[2022]2458    2022
                               (關於核准招商證券股份有限公司
                                                                   號)
                               上市證券做市交易業務資格的批
                               覆)
                               Approval for the Registration of
                               Perpetual Subordinated Corporate
                               Bonds Publicly Issued by China      Zheng Jian Xu Ke
                               Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. to   [2022] No. 222     January 26, 2022
      3     CSRC
                               Professional Investors              (證監許可[2022]222
                               (關於同意招商證券股份有限公司                     號)
                               向專業投資者公開發行永續次級
                               公司債券註冊的批覆)




China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd.

400
Address:       111 Fuhua First Road,
               Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
Telephone:     0755-82943666
Fax:           0755-82943100
Postal code:   518046
www.cmschina.com.cn
Customer Service Hotline: 95565
