 碧桂園服務控股有限公司




Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited




                                                                                        2018
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT




                                                   碧桂園服務控股有限公司

2 018 A N N U A L R EP O RT
                                                   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                   (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                                   Stock Code: 6098
                      Content
2     Corporate Overview
3     Corporate Information
4     Major Events
6     Awards and Honours
8     Chairman’s Statement
11    Financial Summary
12    Management Discussion and Analysis
28    Biographical Details of Directors and
        Senior Management
35    Corporate Governance Report
55    Report of the Directors
73    Independent Auditor’s Report
79    Consolidated Statement of
        Comprehensive Income
80    Consolidated Balance Sheet
82    Consolidated Statement
        of Changes in Equity
83    Consolidated Statement of
        Cash Flows
84    Notes to the Consolidated
        Financial Statements
146   Glossary
    CORPORATE OVERVIEW

    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 6098.HK) is a leading residential property
    management service provider in China.

    The Group had the honor of ranking No. 1 among Chinese Community Service Providers in 2018 according to
    YIHAN (億 翰 智 庫) and ranked first among the Top 100 Property Management Companies in China in terms of
    operational performance, according to China Index Academy. Founded in 1992, the Group experienced 27 years
    of steady development. It always adheres to the service concepts of “Cater for property owners’ urgent needs;
    address property owners’ concerns.” and “Property owner-oriented”. With strong business capability, it has
    formed a comprehensive and efficient property management service system. It is committed to offering property
    owners quality services through strong offline service system and consolidation of community business resources.
    Furthermore, it provided full life-cycle value services by focusing on preservation and appreciation of the value of
    owners’ real estates.

    We have three main business lines, namely, property management services, community value-added services and
    value-added services to non-property owners, which form an integrated service offering to our customers and
    cover the entire value chain of property management. As at 31 December 2018, our total contracted gross floor
    area (“GFA”) was approximately 505.0 million sq.m., and our revenue-bearing GFA was approximately 181.5 million
    sq.m.. We managed 840 property projects covering more than 280 cities across 31 provinces, municipalities and
    autonomous regions in China, as well as Malaysia, providing quality property management services to more than
    1.4 million property owners.

    Property management services — We provide a range of property management services to property owners,
    residents and property developers, including security, cleaning, greening, gardening and repair and maintenance
    services. We have been optimizing our property management portfolio and enriching our forms of management.
    Currently, our property management portfolio covers residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings,
    multi-purpose complexes, government, hospitals and other public facilities, industrial parks, highway service
    stations, parks and schools. In addition, we have expanded into operation and maintenance of urban public
    facilities, intelligent industrial park operation services, and the new blue ocean market of the “Three Supplies and
    Property Management (i.e. water/power/heat supply and property management)” Reform.

    Community value-added services — By focusing on the mature development cycle of communities, the family
    growth cycle of property owners and the property value cycle, we are committed to becoming an “integrated
    whole-cycle community life services operator”, through the provision of comprehensive community value-added
    services to property owners. In light of the daily needs of property owners, we proactively promoted this business
    segment in the old and new communities, and provided a wide range of community value-added services to
    property owners and residents of the properties under our management, which mainly included: (1) home living
    services, such as purchase assistance, housekeeping, greening, gardening, turn-key furnishing and move-in, group
    purchase and other bespoke services; (2) real estate brokerage services, including real estate agency, real estate
    investment consultancy, property short-term lease, hosting services and property insurance; (3) community area
    services, including venue operation and community media, etc.

    Value-added services to non-property owners — The value-added services to non-property owners provided by us
    mainly include (1) consultancy services to property developers for their pre-sale properties management, as well
    as consultancy services for properties managed by other property management companies, (2) cleaning, greening,
    repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-delivery stage, and (3) sales and leasing agency
    services of unsold parking spaces and properties.

    On 19 June 2018, the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange, indicating its formal entrance into the
    international capital market. Since then, the Company was well recognized in the market. It was included as a
    constituent of MSCI China Index and Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index, on 31 August 2018 and
    10 September 2018, respectively, and became one of the investable stocks in the Mainland-Hong Kong Stock
    Connect.




2    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                     CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                              CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Executive Directors                             AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. LI Changjiang                               Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Mr. XIAO Hua                                    Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr. GUO Zhanjun                                 P.O. Box 2681
                                                Grand Cayman
Non-executive Directors                         KY1-1111
Ms. YANG Huiyan (Chairman)                      Cayman Islands
Mr. YANG Zhicheng
Ms. WU Bijun                                    HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                Tricor Investor Services Limited
Independent Non-executive Directors             Level 22, Hopewell Centre
Mr. MEI Wenjue                                  183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
Mr. RUI Meng
Mr. CHEN Weiru                                  AUDITORS
                                                PricewaterhouseCoopers
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                 Certified Public Accountants
Mr. RUI Meng (Chairman)                         22nd Floor, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
Mr. MEI Wenjue
Mr. CHEN Weiru                                  COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
                                                Somerley Capital Limited
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                          20/F, China Building, 29 Queen’s Road, Central, Hong Kong
Mr. CHEN Weiru (Chairman)
Ms. YANG Huiyan                                 LEGAL ADVISERS
Mr. MEI Wenjue                                  As to Hong Kong laws:
                                                Woo Kwan Lee & Lo
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                            26/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong
Ms. YANG Huiyan (Chairman)
Mr. RUI Meng                                    As to PRC laws:
Mr. CHEN Weiru                                  DeHeng Law Offices (Shenzhen)
                                                11/F, Section B, Anlian Plaza
COMPANY SECRETARY                               No.4018 Jintian Road
Mr. Huang Peng                                  Futian District Shenzhen
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Solicitor in Hong Kong)   PRC

AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                      PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Mr. LI Changjiang                               Shunde Sub-branch of Foshan
Mr. Huang Peng                                  Branch of China Merchants Bank
                                                Shunde Country Garden Branch of
REGISTERED OFFICE                               China Construction Bank
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive                  Shunde Beijiao Branch of Bank of China
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman                                    COMPANY WEBSITE
KY1-1111                                        www.bgyfw.com
Cayman Islands
                                                STOCK CODE
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG        6098
4th Floor, Ruttonjee House
Ruttonjee Centre                                LISTING DATE
11 Duddell Street                               19 June 2018
Central
Hong Kong

HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
BUSINESS IN THE PRC
West Building of Country Garden Office
Beijiao Town
Shunde District, Foshan
Guangdong Province
PRC




                                                                                         Annual Report 2018   3
    MAJOR EVENTS
                                                                                                            In July 2018, CG Property
                                                                                                            Services entered into a joint
                                                                                                            venture     agreement         (the
     In March 2018, CG Property Services launched first-aid                                                 “Joint Venture Agreement”)
     training. The training covered 240 cities across 28 provinces                                          with Strait Energy (Beijing)
     and benefited approximately 1 million property owners, which                                           Intercontinental     Investment
     was extensively reported by CCTV, Phoenix TV, People’s Daily                                           Company Ltd in relation to the
     and many other media.                                                                                  formation of the joint venture
                                                                                                            for the purpose of investing
                                                                                                            in and undertaking property
                                                                                                            management and value-added
                                                                                                            services for cooperative PRC
                                                                                                            central enterprises in relation to
                                                                                                            the reform of “Three Supplies
                                                                                                            and Property Management”.
                                                                                                            Pursuant to the Joint Venture
                                                                         Agreement, CG Property Services will subscribe for 80% of
                                                                         the equity interest in the joint venture at a consideration of
                                                                         RMB400,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$473,232,771).
                                                                         As of 31 December 2018, the Company has completed the capital
                                                                         injection and business registration procedures.




          March                                             June                                          July




                    In June 2018, CG Services (HK.6098) was officially   In June 2018, CG Services organized the first “Fearless
                    listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock      Love Family Festival” series of activities and held over
                    Exchange.                                            1,000 events covering 215 communities across 43
                                                                         regions in the country, which benefited millions of
                                                                         property owners in the communities of CG Services.




4   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                            MAJOR EVENTS



                                                         In November 2018, CG Property Services,
                                                         as the purchaser, entered into certain equity
                                                         transfer agreements with Ms. Shi Xiaoqin,
                                                         Shenzhen Paladin Capital Management Ltd. and/
                                                         or Shenzhen Paladin certain Equity Investment
                                                         Partnership (Limited Partnership), as vendors,
                                                         pursuant to which, the purchaser conditionally
                                                         agreed to purchase and the sellers conditionally
                                                         agreed to sell the equity interests of several
                                                         target companies which are mainly engaged in
                                                         property management business in the PRC. The
                                                         acquisition was completed on 30 November
                                                         2018.




    October                                        November                                 December




                 In October 2018, CG Services
                 initiated the selection of “Triple-A
                 Phoenix Butler & Jin Tong Award”
                 (“三 好”鳳 凰 管 家 暨“金 桐 獎”評 選),
                 which lasted for more than two
                 months. More than 2,100 butlers
                 participated in the selection,
                 covering the companies in 47
                 regions and cities throughout the
                 country and involving 685 projects,
                 and more than 250,000 property               In December 2018, CG Services held the “Leading the Future
                 owners participated in the voting.           with Intelligence, Being Symbiotic with the City (智 領 未 來, 與
                 Their stories are common, but very           城 共 生)” urban symbiosis plan conference and the “Public
                 warm, namely, Ms. Lu who initiated           Services of New Urban Governance” summit forum in Tonghu
                 the charity caring activities for the        Sci-Tech Town (潼 湖 科 技 小 鎮), Huizhou.
                 elderly; Ms. Feng who has been
                 praised by 783 houseowners for
                 only half a year in the management
of the housekeepers. Ms. Wan, nicknamed “Desperate
Sanniang” by her colleagues, won 35 banners in one
day.

                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018   5
    AWARDS AND HONOURS



         1




    1.   In June 2018, CG Property Services was honored as one of “2018 China TOP 100 Property Management
         Companies (2018中國物業服務百強企業)”, “ 2018 China TOP 10 Property Management Companies in terms
         of business scale (2018中國物業服務百強企業服務規模TOP10)”, “2018 China TOP 10 Property Management
         Companies in terms of growth potential (2018中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 企 業 成 長 性TOP10)”, “2018 China Top
         100 Leading Property Management Companies in terms of service quality (2018中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 企 業 服
         務 品 質 領 先 企 業)”, “2018 China Top 100 Leading Property Management Companies in terms of customer
         satisfaction (2018中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 滿 意 度 領 先 企 業)” and “2018 China TOP 10 Property Management
         Companies in terms of business performance (2018中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 企 業 經 營 績 效TOP10)” by CIA.




6    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    AWARDS AND HONOURS




     2



     3

2.   In August 2018, CG Services was honored as “ 2018 China Top 1 Community Service Provider (2018年 中
     國 社 區 服 務 商TOP1)”, “2018 China Top 10 Community Service Providers in terms of community culture
     construction (2018中 國 社 區 服 務 商 社 區 文 化 建 設 十 強)” and “2018 China Top 10 Community Service
     Providers in terms of growth potential (2018中 國 社 區 服 務 商 成 長 性 十 強) ” by YIHAN (億 翰 智 庫).

3.   In September 2018, CG Services won the title of “2018 China Property Services Leading Brand in
     Professional Operation (2018中 國 物 業 服 務 專 業 化 運 營 領 先 品 牌 企 業) ” (third place), with the brand value of
     RMB6.508 billion.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2018    7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                                                                                       To create a better
                                                                                       society with our
                                                                                       existence
                                                                                       — Yeung Kwok
                                                                                       Keung




    Dear Shareholders,

    The board of directors is pleased to report that the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB4,675.3 million
    for the year ended 31 December 2018, representing an increase of 49.8% as compared to that of 2017, and gross
    profit of approximately RMB1,761.6 million, representing an increase of 70.1% as compared to that of 2017. The
    net profit for the year was approximately RMB934.2 million, representing an increase of 112.1% as compared
    to that of 2017. The profit attributable to the owners of the Company increased from approximately RMB401.7
    million for the same period in 2017 to approximately RMB923.2 million, representing an increase of approximately
    129.8%. The basic earnings per share were RMB36.93 cents, representing an increase of approximately 129.8%.

    We are lucky to be in an era of steady economic development in China. The national economy advances amidst
    stability and “the people’s yearning for a better life” is the driving force for our development. “A better life” reflects
    people’s unremitting pursuit of quality life, which promotes rapid reshuffle, upgrading and reconstruction of the
    property management industry. With the community as a starting point, we strive to provide diversified life services
    to meet the needs of residents. As the extensive scope of property management has been further expanded, urban
    services will lead a much more profound governance revolution than that of community services. The technology
    application makes the industry transformation full of imagination. The community brain built with AI, property cloud,
    robots…big data, Internet of Things and technical neuron is reshaping the management model and accumulating
    massive data at a leapfrog speed, thus bringing unprecedented opportunities for exploring values in communities.
    With the commercial blue ocean nurtured by communities having a preliminary shape, property management
    companies strive to capture the demand points, introduce quality partners, activate community resources and
    channel value and create dedicated service ecology in the community scenarios.




8    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


We always maintain a quality scale expansion. In this year, the value of the property management industry
has gained high recognition from other parties, and many property companies successfully stepped into the
capital market. Under the trend of rapid expansion of the industry scale and increasing concentration, the leading
enterprise effect has been highlighted, the industrial mergers and acquisitions have developed dramatically and the
layout of new business forms has been transformed and upgraded. In this process, we have always maintained a
steady pace of expansion to secure many contracts with low-cost brand extension, acquired many quality property
management companies and developed multiple forms of services including residential and industrial park services
and took the lead to enter the urban service field and explored the new blue ocean of the “Three Supplies and
Property Management” Reform.

We always strive to provide best services and improve community ecosystem. We consider the satisfaction
of developer and property owners as core, strive to provide the perfect services, strengthen our leading reputation
in the industry by leveraging on our basic services with excellent quality and reasonable price. Meanwhile, as the
consumption structure of residents has undergone profound changes in the recent years, we have gradually built
an open and symbiotic community ecosystem to cope with the constant upgrading of diversified consumption
demands. We have integrated internal and external resources, deployed value-added services such as housing
supporting facilities, venue operation, group purchase, automobile and insurance, and built the communities,
Phoenix Club (鳳 凰 會) APP and other platforms to achieve win-win development with the property owners and
partners in the ecosystem based on the massive demands of the property owners, and finally create the coverage
advantage over the core resources such as population, assets and channel.

We actively respond to property owners’ demands, provide more and better value-added services and
develop new business growth points. Facing the operational pressure brought by rising costs, we strive to
provide property management services the quality of which are in line with the price and improve service quality
to gain stronger pricing power. By developing a wide range of value-added services and new businesses, the
Company is seeking for diversified profit models to construct a more balanced and growing profit-making structure.
In 2018, the revenue generated from community value-added services was approximately RMB417.2 million,
representing an increase of 72.5% as compared to that of 2017. The revenue growth rate of community value-
added services is significantly higher than property management services.

We continue to increase investment in science & technology and smart management and deploy the
“AI+” community strategy. With rapid growth of digitalized technology and matured development of cloud
computing, big data and artificial intelligence, more and more property management companies are turning
technologies into scenario applications to empower enterprise innovations. We strive to build “smart communities”
and connect “smart homes” to improve the living experience of property owners in all aspects. Currently, we have
carried out strategic cooperation with several enterprises including Tencent, Hikvision, Alibaba and Huawei to jointly
research and develop algorithmic models and smart platforms under community scenarios, and have taken the lead
in deploying the “AI+” artificial smart community in the industry, so as to significantly reduce the cost of community
management, improve management efficiency and help to enhance customers’ satisfaction rate.

We highlight talents as foundation, constantly optimize our talent team and promote industry reform
and innovation. With the transformation of the industry, the talent structure is developing to be high-end and
compound ones and enterprises are also increasingly attaching importance to long-term incentive mechanisms for
their core talent teams. Based on our business needs, we have successively introduced management elites in the
Internet industry, the consulting industry and the service industry to constantly strengthen our senior management
team. We are the first company in the industry to implement the “Rocket Force Talent Program (火 箭 軍 計 劃)” for
postgraduates, and at present, nearly 100 postgraduates have joined the Company, injecting new vitality into our
talent team.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018     9
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     Inspired by the new era, we inherit the past and forge ahead into the future, and strive to become an
     “international leading technology-based integrated services group”. By focusing on our services, we seek to
     provide diversified, more sophisticated and specialized integrated services that can solve a package of needs, and
     enhance the efficiency and capacity of services through technological means.

     We focus on the business portfolio strategy of “Big Property Management” and “Big Community
     Services” to support the realization of our vision.

     For the “Big Property Management” business segment: By leveraging on the development model of “Service
     + Science & Technology”, we aim to drive our core business with the management of facilities and equipment,
     improve the professional level of our existing property management services by relying on intelligent means and
     refined management, empower and expand property management services, and expand innovative services
     including urban services and smart community services.

     For the “Big Community Services” business segment: By leveraging on the development model of “Service +
     Ecology”, we strive to upgrade the existing resources, develop the integrated marketing services of communities
     to become the largest community flow platform, support the development of services including house rental and
     sales, sales of parking spaces and housekeeping services and venture new types of community ecological services
     based on the needs of property owners.

     Last but not least, on behalf of the board of directors, I would like to express our appreciation to all our staff
     and the management team for their contribution to our Company, and I would also like to extend my sincere
     appreciations to all our shareholders and stakeholders for their trust and support. We will seize the opportunities of
     the era, strive to make arduous efforts and let more people experience the beauty of life!

     We wish to create a better society with our existence.




     Yang Huiyan
     Chairman of the Board

     Hong Kong, 19 March 2019




10    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Financial Summary

Consolidated Results
                                                         2015         2016         2017         2018
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
Revenue                                              1,672,464    2,358,449    3,121,852    4,675,287
Profit before income tax                              294,913      486,332      608,197     1,069,387
Income tax expense                                     (74,460)    (133,804)    (167,734)    (135,177)
Profit and total comprehensive income for the year    220,453      352,528      440,463      934,210
Profit and total comprehensive income
  attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                 220,453      324,181      401,743      923,154
Non-controlling interests                                   —       28,347       38,720       11,056
                                                      220,453      352,528      440,463      934,210
Earnings per share attributable to owners of the
  Company (expressed in RMB cents per share)
Basic                                                                              16.07        36.93
Diluted                                                                            16.07        36.53



Consolidated Financial Position
                                                         2015         2016         2017         2018
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
Non-current assets                                     47,310       70,084      121,569      851,088
Current assets                                       1,386,855    2,397,878    3,355,551    4,670,806
Current liabilities                                   856,855     1,384,619    1,920,558    3,127,144
Net current assets                                    530,000     1,013,259    1,434,993    1,543,662
Total assets less current liabilities                 577,310     1,083,343    1,556,562    2,394,750
Non-current liabilities                                     —            —       14,456       65,044
Equity attributable to owners of the Company          577,310     1,019,430    1,421,173    2,260,787
Non-controlling interests                                           63,913      120,933       68,919
Total equity                                          577,310     1,083,343    1,542,106    2,329,706




                                                                                    Annual Report 2018   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS
     BUSINESS REVIEW

     Business Overview

     The Group is a leading residential property management service provider in China. It had the honor of ranking No.
     1 among Chinese Community Service Providers in 2018 according to YIHAN (億 翰 智 庫) and No. 1 among the Top
     100 Property Management Companies in China in terms of operational performance, according to China Index
     Academy.

     The Group owns three main business lines, namely (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added
     services, and (iii) valued-added services to non-property owners, which form an integrated service offered by us to
     our customers and cover the entire value chain of property management.

     Property Management Services

     We provide a range of property management services to property owners, residents and property developers,
     including security, cleaning, greening, gardening and repair and maintenance services, with a current focus on
     residential communities. Our property management portfolio also covers non-residential properties, including
     commercial properties, office buildings, multi-purpose complexes, government, hospitals, other public facilities,
     industrial parks, highway service stations, parks, scenic areas and schools.

     We own a large property management portfolio, and our projects cover more than 280 cities across 31 provinces,
     municipalities and autonomous regions in China as well as in Malaysia with total contracted GFA of approximately
     505.0 million sq.m. as at 31 December 2018. We managed 840 properties and provided property management
     service to approximately 1.4 million property owners with an aggregate revenue-bearing GFA of approximately
     181.5 million sq.m. and a revenue-bearing GFA of 1.1 million sq.m. in Malaysia. During the Year, our collection rate
     remained at the same high level as compared to the same period of last year, and reached 95.37%, representing a
     continuing increase of 0.92 percentage points.




12    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                                  Heilongjiang


                                                                                                                  Jilin

                                                                                                               Liaoning
                                                                                              Beijing
                                    Xinjing                                 Inner Mongolia
                                                                                                        Tianjin
                                                                                             Hebei
                                                                         Ningxia    Shanxi           Shandong
                                                      Qinghai                                            Jiangsu
                                                                    Gansu     Shaanxi
                                                                                           Henan
                                                                                                         Anhui            Shanghai
                                              Tibet                                        Hubei
                                                                  Sichuan                                          Zhejiang
                                                                            Chongqing
                                                                                                     Jiangxi
                                                                                          Hunan
                                                                             Guizhou                        Fujian
                                                                                           Guangdong
                                                                Yunnan          Guangxi



                                                                                              Hainan
 Contracted GFA    Revenue-bearing GFA
(million sq.m.)   (million sq.m.)


         <1               <1
                                                                               Malaysia
         1−5              1−5
         5−10             5−10
         ≥10              ≥10




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2018           13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Community Value-added Services

     In respect of community value-added services, we are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle
     community life services operator” by focusing on the mature development cycle of communities, the family growth
     cycle of property owners and the property value cycle to provide comprehensive community value-added services
     to property owners. In 2018, our community value-added businesses witnessed a profit-making and large-scale
     development in the fields including real estate agency, property supporting services, community media, community
     housekeeping service and community area operation. We have proactively expanded in the areas including real
     estate short-term lease, community group purchase and community insurance, and strived to explore the market
     potential. During the Year, the revenue generated from community value-added services amount to approximately
     RMB417.2 million, accounted for 8.9% of the Group’s total revenue. The revenue recorded a continuous increase
     over the last three years. In the past three years, in view of the daily needs of property owners, we have been
     actively promoting this business segment in both old and new communities to provide a wide range of community
     value-added services to owners and residents of the properties under management, including: (i) home living
     services, such as purchase assistance, housekeeping, greening, gardening, turn-key furnishing and move-in, group
     purchase and other bespoke services; (ii) real estate brokerage services, including real estate agency, real estate
     investment consultancy, property short-term lease, hosting services and property insurance; and (iii) community
     area services, including venue operation and community media. We have further improved our business system
     and possessed the capability of sustainable development. The revenue structure of our community value-added
     services business has been constantly optimized, and both balanced development and sustainable operation
     capability have been significantly improved. During the Year, revenue from the principal businesses in the value-
     added services segment grew significantly faster than that of the property management service for the same
     period.




14    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Value-added Services to Non-property Owners

During the Year, the value-added services to non-property owners accounted for approximately 16.9% of the
Group’s total revenue, representing an increase of approximately 6.4 percentage points as compared to that of the
same period of 2017.

The value-added services to non-property owners we provided mainly include (i) consultancy services to property
developers for their pre-sale activities, as well as consultancy services for properties managed by other property
management companies, (ii) cleaning, greening, repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-
delivery stage, and (iii) sales and leasing agency services of unsold parking spaces and properties.

New Blue Ocean of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” Reform

In 2018, The Group has set up a joint venture company and started to enter the field of “Three Supplies (water,
electricity and heat supply) and Property Management” separation and transfer reform. During the Year, we have
started to take over the property management and heating supply business, which will start to generate revenue in
2019. The property management projects which we have started to take over will cover 53 cities in 11 provinces
nationwide, and will have a total GFA under management of approximately 90.2 million square meters; the heating
supply projects will cover 8 cities in 6 provinces nationwide, and will have a total GFA under management of
approximately 41.7 million square meters.


PROSPECTS AND FUTURE PLANS

From urban management to urban governance, the year of 2019 may become the “first year of urban
services”

As the urban development under the background of industry and city integration requires high-quality urban
management and urban governance innovation, relying on CG Services’s 27 years of experience in the operation
of large-scale projects located in new cities, we hope to actively participate in the marketization competition in the
field of urban public services and improve the efficiency of urban public services to promote the solution of “urban
diseases” problems and drive the sustainable urban development by combining its advantages in digital scenario
operation in public space.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018     15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Early in 2015 when CG Services initiated the marketization, we innovatively entered into a strategic cooperative
     relationship of urban services with the Municipal Government of Hancheng, Shaanxi province. Based on the
     practice of previous urban service projects in Hancheng and other cities, we launched the Urban Services 2.0
     Product System — CG Services urban coexistence program in 2018, which mainly includes three service portfolios
     of urban public services, digital city integrated management services and industrial coordinated operation services,
     and aims to provide a set of functional, economical and practical integrated public service solutions for the city by
     deeply expanding the upstream and downstream industrial chains of modern urban services.

     At present, CG Services has executed strategic framework agreements with several cities, including Kaiyuan city
     and Xichang city, among which the project in Kaiyuan has entered the implementation stage and achieved certain
     initial results.

     CG Services, as an explorer of new types of urban governance and public services, is committed to cooperating
     with city administrators, citizens and ecological partners of urban governance and public service to create a new
     urban governance pattern of co-construction, co-governance and sharing.

     Further expand our cornerstone property management business

     We will continue to expand our business and further increase our market share in the industry by increasing
     the number of properties under our management and the total contracted GFA. With years of cooperation with
     the CGH Group, as well as our business development ability for third-party projects. we have extensive project
     coverage and large contracted GFA. In addition, we also diversified our portfolio with different business forms and
     urban services, in order to achieve a multi-layered organic growth.

     With the support of resource advantages, we will continue to improve our ability to operate across the country,
     assist the water, electricity and heat supply and property management reform of state-owned enterprises, and
     continue to deeply explore this area in the future to exert our own advantages, which is also one of the driving




16    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




forces for the future growth of CG Services. With our brand value and service quality, we are able to secure new
business from independent property developers and obtain business opportunities from the pre-delivery service
provided to non-property owners to achieve our business expansion. We will selectively evaluate opportunities in
areas around our existing business locations to maximize economies of scale and maintain a reasonable balance
between the geographic coverage and the level of profitability of our property management services. To diversify
our property management portfolio and revenue streams, we also plan to provide comprehensive property
management services to an increasing number of non-residential properties such as commercial properties,
industrial properties, urban services, industrial parks, science parks, educational institutions, highway service
stations, featured towns, governments and public facilities through our strengthened strategic cooperation with
various business partners. As the current trend of the property industry mainly features the constant enhancement
of the scale advantages of leading enterprises, continuous innovation of value-added businesses and the further
strengthening of industry clustering trend, we will selectively invest in, cooperate with or acquire other property
management companies, and focus on selecting partners who have consistent brand image and market positioning
with us, so as to effectively achieve the extension and deepening of service content and property management
portfolio and achieve advantage complementation with one another.

Strive to develop a personalized community environment and explore the potential of value-added
services to enhance customer experience and value creation ability

Under the environment where the total amount of community resources is relatively fixed, the scale advantages
of CG Services will be further highlighted in the value-added businesses, and properties companies with larger
management scale will show greater platform value in the future.

We always give top priority to the needs of the property owners and residents. We will vigorously develop our value-
added services business with a focus on customers’ living conditions to comprehensively improve customer living
experience and satisfaction, and enhance our service innovation and value-creation ability in building a personalized
community ecosphere. We will also design differential service packages according to the diversified needs of our
customers in order to improve our operational efficiency and brand image. We believe that these professional
measures will help create progressive changes and systematically improve our service efficiency and quality. We
will seek to maintain and explore more cooperation opportunities with leading third-party merchants in the industry
in order to provide selected products and services to our property owners and residents. We will continue to
strengthen the integration with our butler-style services and community value-added services to improve customer
experience. Leveraging on our existing experience, we will further expand our value-added services to property
owners to better meet their needs in the entire value chain of property development.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Realize high service quality and optimize our cost efficiency with smart management and standardized
     operation

     The property management industry is in the transition stage to the modern service industry. We will continue to
     provide our customers with quality services through our standardized, automated and smart management and the
     sophisticated information system and effectively control our costs while improving the operational efficiency.

     The measures that we have expanded the coverage of our various automated and smart management include the
     upgrading of the IRBA system for the smart face recognition for visitor access and the management of parking
     lots and the upgrading of the internal information ERP system for property management. Such measures can
     enable relevant systems to be featured with more standard modularized management functions to conduct big
     data analysis, the management of customer relationship, etc. This will cover a full range of our customer service
     contact points to facilitate our day-to-day operations and ensure a more centralized quality control and internal
     management from our headquarter to all of our regional projects. We have designed our advanced property
     management system to assist in the collection and management of first-hand customer data and service records
     from our managed properties, so that we can analyze customer needs and behavior patterns when developing our
     customer-oriented business models and strategies.

     Material Acquisitions

     The Company currently has a large area of reserved GFA and is well positioned to have access to acquire GFA.
     Since the listing, the Company has been closely focusing on the merger and acquisition opportunities in the market
     and prudently assessing the matching degree of each project with the existing businesses of the Company and
     their potential profitability. During the Year, we completed several material equity acquisitions (details are set out in
     Note 31 to the consolidated financial segments). These acquisitions will enable CG Services to further expand the
     scale and the scope of its business, deepen the synergy with the existing projects and achieve the complementary
     effect among regions and industries.


     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue

     The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from three main business lines, namely (i) property management services,
     (ii) community value-added services and (iii) value-added services to non-property owners. For the year ended 31
     December 2018, the total revenue increased by approximately 49.8% to approximately RMB4,675.3 million from
     approximately RMB3,121.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2017.




18    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(1)   Property management services

      During the Year, the revenue from property management services increased by approximately 35.4% to
      approximately RMB3,445.5 million from approximately RMB2,544.7 million for the year ended 31 December
      2017, accounting for approximately 73.7% of the total revenue (corresponding period in 2017: approximately
      81.5%).

      The table below sets out the breakdowns of (i) our revenue-bearing GFA, and (ii) our revenue generated from
      the management of properties developed by the CGH Group and independent third-party property developers
      respectively, as at the dates or for the periods indicated:

                                       For the year ended/                        For the year ended/
                                     As at 31 December 2018                     As at 31 December 2017
                                                      Revenue-                                   Revenue-
                                    Revenue         bearing GFA               Revenue           bearing GFA

                                (RMB’000)     (%) (’000 sq.m.)     (%)    (RMB’000)     (%) (’000 sq.m.)     (%)

 Properties developed by
   the CGH Group                 3,054,342   88.6      145,475    80.1    2,348,756   92.3        109,427   89.1
 Properties developed by
   independent third-
   party property
   developers                      391,147   11.4        36,033   19.9      195,909     7.7        13,331   10.9

 Total                           3,445,489 100.0       181,508 100.0      2,544,665 100.0         122,758 100.0


      The revenue-bearing GFA increased by approximately 58.7 million sq.m. from approximately 122.8 million
      sq.m. for the same period in 2017 to approximately 181.5 million sq.m.; among which, the revenue-bearing
      GFA from management of properties developed by independent third-party property developers increased by
      170.3%, and its percentage of the total revenue-bearing GFA increased by 9 percentage points from 10.9%
      for the same period in 2017 to 19.9%.

(2)   Community value-added services

      During the Year, the revenue from community value-added services increased by approximately 72.5% to
      approximately RMB417.2 million from approximately RMB241.8 million for the year ended 31 December
      2017, accounting for approximately 8.9% of the total revenue (corresponding period in 2017: approximately
      7.7%).

      The increase in revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to:

      (a)   During the Year, the revenue from home living services increased by approximately 101.7% to
            approximately RMB251.2 million from approximately RMB124.5 million for the year ended 31 December
            2017.

      (b)   During the Year, the revenue from real estate brokerage services increased by approximately 28.0% to
            approximately RMB106.0 million from approximately RMB82.8 million for the year ended 31 December
            2017.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           (c)   During the Year, the revenue from community area services increased by approximately 73.9% to
                 approximately RMB60.0 million from approximately RMB34.5 million for the year ended 31 December
                 2017.

           As discussed above, we are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle community life services
           operator” through the provision of comprehensive community value-added services to property owners.
           On one hand, the continued increase in the area under management of our property management services
           business brought about a growing customer base for the development of community value-added services.
           On the other hand, we further optimised our business structure by tapping into the demand of community
           ecosphere, while introducing strategic partners and carrying out standardised management, so as to achieve
           win-win situation in terms of business revenue.

     (3)   Value-added services to non-property owners

           During the Year, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners increased by approximately
           141.2% to approximately RMB791.1 million from approximately RMB328.0 million for the same period in
           2017, accounting for approximately 16.9% of the total revenue (corresponding period in 2017: approximately
           10.5%).

           The increase in value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to the fact that (i) CGH Group
           recorded good sales results in 2018 and the number of projects covered by the Group’s consultancy services
           for pre-sales activities increased significantly and the business model of some projects changed from
           commission basis to lump sum basis; (ii) the Group recorded additional income of approximately RMB66.7
           million as it was commissioned by CGH Group to collect agency fees for the sales and leasing agency
           services of unsold parking spaces and properties since 18 September 2018; (iii) the Group achieved growth in
           pre-delivery cleaning and other services.


     Cost of Services


     The Group’s cost of services includes (i) staff cost, (ii) cleaning cost, (iii) maintenance cost, (iv) utilities, (v) greening
     and gardening cost, (vi) transportation cost, (vii) office and communication cost, (viii) taxes and surcharges, (ix)
     employee uniform cost, (x) depreciation and amortisation charges, (xi) community activities cost, (xii) travelling and
     entertainment cost and (xiii) others. During the Year, the cost of services was approximately RMB2,913.7 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 39.7% as compared with approximately RMB2,086.3 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2017.


     Such increase was mainly due to the rapid increase in our revenue-bearing GFA which led to the increase in
     corresponding costs.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin


     During the Year, the overall gross profit increased by approximately RMB726.0 million to approximately
     RMB1,761.6 million from approximately RMB1,035.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2017.




20    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Year, the overall gross profit margin increased by 4.5 percentage points to approximately 37.7% from
approximately 33.2% for the year ended 31 December 2017, which was mainly due to the increase in the gross
profit margin of the three main business lines.


(i)     Property management services


        During the Year, the gross profit margin of property management services increased by 2.5 percentage points
        to approximately 31.9% from approximately 29.4% for the year ended 31 December 2017, which was mainly
        due to (i) the increase in project density of the Group, which helped to achieve intensive management, and
        (ii) the effect of outsourcing, the community intelligentisation and measures adopted to reduce costs and
        increase efficiency, such as energy-saving renovation.


(ii)    Community value-added services


        During the Year, the gross profit margin of community value-added services increased by 8.4 percentage
        points to approximately 66.1% from approximately 57.7% for the year ended 31 December 2017, which was
        mainly due to the fact that (i) the Group further optimized the business structure and promoted the businesses
        with lower staff cost and higher gross profit margin; and (ii) during the Year, as the Group introduced a large
        number of strategic partners, the gross profit from the home living services and community area services
        grew significantly.


(iii)   Value-added services to non-property owners


        During the Year, the gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners increased by 4.9
        percentage points to approximately 48.1% from approximately 43.2% for the year ended 31 December
        2017, which was mainly due to the gross profit margin from providing the sales and leasing agency services
        of unsold parking spaces and properties for CGH Group was higher than that from consultancy services to
        property developers for their pre-sale activities. On the other hand, lump sum basis was adopted in providing
        consulting services to some projects and pre-delivery cleaning and other services with low profit margin grew,
        resulting in slight decrease in gross profit margin in the second half of the Year.

Selling and Marketing Expenses

During the Year, selling and marketing expenses were approximately RMB26.6 million, representing an increase of
approximately 183.0% as compared with approximately RMB9.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2017.

The increase in selling and marketing expenses were mainly attributable to the increase in labor costs as the
Group recruited more marketing personnel and adjusted related incentive policies to further increase the number of
projects developed by independent third-party property developers.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018     21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     General and Administrative Expenses

     During the Year, general and administrative expenses were approximately RMB759.7 million, representing an
     increase of approximately 66.9% as compared with approximately RMB455.3 million for the year ended 31
     December 2017.

     The increase in general and administrative expenses were mainly due to (i) the retention of more supporting
     personnel responsible for headquarter functions and other central management services, as a result of the increase
     in the total revenue-bearing GFA of the Group as it expanded its business scale, and (ii) the listing expenses and
     share-based compensation expenses incurred during the Year in relation to the listing of the Group in Hong Kong
     of approximately RMB11.6 million and RMB20.5 million, respectively.

     Other Income

     During the Year, other income was approximately RMB31.1 million, representing an increase of approximately
     137.4% as compared with approximately RMB13.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2017.

     The increase in other income was mainly attributable to (i) the return of approximately RMB9.4 million on
     the financial management products we purchased during the Year; and (ii) the one-off government grants of
     approximately RMB6.0 million from Foshan Municipal Government and other district departments as supportive
     fund for enterprises.

     Other Gains — Net

     During the Year, other gains — net were approximately RMB19.2 million, representing an increase of approximately
     RMB17.9 million as compared with approximately RMB1.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2017.

     The increase was mainly due to the gain of approximately RMB12.6 million from disposal of certain equity
     interests in two associated companies, namely Fenghuang Youxuan and Wangshenghuo, during the Year, and the
     revaluation gain of approximately RMB4.3 million on reclassification from investment in an associate to financial
     asset at their fair value through other comprehensive income.

     Finance Income — net

     During the Year, finance income — net was approximately RMB53.8 million, representing an increase of
     approximately 53.7% as compared with approximately RMB35.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2017.

     The increase in finance income — net was due to the increase in interest income derived from deposits, mainly
     benefiting from a higher cash level and more efficient deposit management as compared to that as at the end of the
     corresponding period last year.

     Share Option Scheme

     The “Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme” was approved by the shareholders’ meeting of the Company held on 13
     March 2018. On 21 May 2018, 71,302,000 share options and 61,646,000 share options (132,948,000 shares
     options in total) were granted to certain directors, senior management and employees of CGH and the Group
     respectively at the exercise price of HK$0.94 per share. The share-based compensation expenses charged to profit
     or loss for the year ended 31 December 2018 were approximately RMB20.5 million.




22    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Income Tax Expense

During the Year, income tax expense was approximately RMB135.2 million, representing a decrease of
approximately 19.4% as compared with approximately RMB167.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2017.

The decrease in income tax expense was mainly due to the fact that our PRC subsidiary CG Property Services
received the certificate of “High and New Technology Enterprise” and the preferential income tax rate of 15%
in May 2018, and thus the overprovision for income tax expense for the year ended 31 December 2017 of
RMB58,309,000 was reversed during the year ended 31 December 2018.

Profit for the Year

During the Year, net profit of the Group was approximately RMB934.2 million, representing an increase of
approximately 112.1% as compared with the net profit of approximately RMB440.5 million for the year ended 31
December 2017.

During the Year, profit attributable to the owners of the Company increased from approximately RMB401.7
million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to approximately RMB923.2 million, representing an increase of
approximately 129.8%.

During the Year, profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of the Company decreased by approximately
71.3% from approximately RMB38.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to approximately RMB11.1
million.

Property, Plant and Equipment


Property, plant and equipment of the Group comprise transportation equipment, machinery equipment, electronic
equipment, office equipment and other fixed assets. As at 31 December 2018, the property, plant and equipment
of the Group was approximately RMB113.0 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB34.4 million
from approximately RMB78.6 million as at 31 December 2017, mainly due to an increase in the purchase of
transportation equipment, machinery equipment and electronic equipment for the purpose of meeting the
requirements of the Group’s business development during the Year, which was partly offset by the depreciation
during the Year.


Intangible Assets


The intangible assets of the Group mainly comprise goodwill and property management contracts and customer
relationships arising from the business combinations and software assets.


As at 31 December 2018, the intangible assets of the Group were approximately RMB686.3 million, representing
an increase of RMB665.4 million compared to approximately RMB20.9 million as at 31 December 2017, which was
mainly due to several material equity acquisitions completed by the Group during the Year, resulting in goodwill of
approximately RMB505.4 million and property management contracts and customer relationships of approximately
RMB154.7 million.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2018     23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Trade and Other Receivables


     Trade and other receivables include trade receivables, other receivables and prepayments.


     Trade receivables mainly arise from income from property management services and value-added services to non-
     property owners.


     As at 31 December 2018, the Group recorded total trade receivables of approximately RMB567.5 million,
     representing an increase of approximately RMB195.9 million as compared with approximately RMB371.6 million as
     at 31 December 2017, due to a significant increase in the total revenue of the Group during the Year.


     Other receivables decreased from approximately RMB322.6 million as at 31 December 2017 to approximately
     RMB190.5 million as at 31 December 2018, mainly due to the settlement of receivables from related parties of
     RMB233.5 million.


     Contract Liabilities


     The contract liabilities mainly arose from the advance payments made by customers for the underlying services
     such as property management services and community value-added services which are yet to be provided.


     The contract liabilities increased from approximately RMB556.9 million as at 31 December 2017 to approximately
     RMB1,000.2 million as at 31 December 2018, representing an increase of approximately RMB443.3 million,
     primarily due to an increase in the revenue-bearing GFA of the Group during the Year.


     Trade and Other Payables


     Trade and other payables include trade payables, other payables, payroll payables and other taxes payables.


     Trade payables primarily represent payables for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
     business from suppliers, including purchase of materials and utilities as well as purchase from sub-contractors.


     As at 31 December 2018, trade payables of the Group were approximately RMB350.7 million, representing an
     increase of approximately RMB111.7 million as compared with approximately RMB239.0 million as at 31 December
     2017, primarily due to an increase in the procurement costs driven up by the increase in the revenue of the Group
     during the Year.


     Other payables primarily include (i) deposits from property owners in relation to interior decorations, (ii) temporary
     receipts from properties owners mainly consisting of utilities fees collected from properties owners and income
     generated from community area services that belongs to properties owners and (iii) accruals and others mainly in
     relation to withholding funds for utilities and reimbursement and outstanding consideration payables for business
     combination.


     Other payables increased from approximately RMB654.1 million as at 31 December 2017 to approximately
     RMB1,120.0 million as at 31 December 2018, primarily due to the effects of the increases in the balances of
     outstanding consideration payables for business combination, and deposits from property owners for interior
     decorations and the income generated from community area services that belongs to properties owners.


24    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources


As at 31 December 2018, total bank deposits and cash (including restricted bank deposits) of the Group were
approximately RMB3,874.3 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB1,237.2 million as compared
with approximately RMB2,637.1 million as at 31 December 2017. Out of the total bank deposits and cash of the
Group, restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB5.4 million (as at 31 December 2017: approximately RMB2.8
million) mainly represented the cash deposits in bank as performance security for property management services
according to the requirements of local government authorities.


Our financial position remained sound. As at 31 December 2018, the net current assets of the Group was
approximately RMB1,543.7 million (as at 31 December 2017: approximately RMB1,435.0 million). The current ratio
(current assets/current liabilities) of the Group was 1.5 times (as at 31 December 2017: 1.7 times).


For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group did not have any loan or borrowing.

Key Risk Factors and Uncertainties


The following content lists out the key risks and uncertainties facing the Group. It is a non-exhaustive list and there
may be other risks and uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.

Industry Risk


The Group operations are affected by the regulatory environment and measures affecting the property management
industry in the PRC. In particular, the fees that property management companies may charge in connection with
property management services are subject to regulation and supervision by relevant regulatory authorities; The
Group business performance is primarily dependent on the total contracted and revenue-bearing GFA and the
number of properties the Group manage, but the Group business growth is, and will likely continue to be, affected
by the PRC government regulations of the Group industries.

Business Risk


The Group’s ability to maintain or improve the Group current level of profitability depends on the Group ability to
control operating costs, in particular, labour costs, and the Group profit margins and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected by the increase in labour or other operating costs; The Group may not procure
new property management service contracts as planned or at desirable pace or price; The Group may not be able
to collect property management fees from customers and as a result, may incur impairment losses on receivables;
Termination or non-renewal of the Group property management services for a significant number of properties
could have a material adverse effect on business, financial position and results of operations.

Foreign Exchange Risk


The Group principally focused on its business in the PRC. Except for the bank deposits and trade receivables
denominated in foreign currencies, the Group was not subject to any other material risk directly relating to foreign
exchange fluctuation. During the Year, the Directors expected that fluctuations of the RMB exchange rate would
not materially and adversely affect the operations of the Group. The management will continue to monitor the
foreign exchange exposure, and take prudent measures to reduce foreign exchange risks.



                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018      25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Employees and Remuneration Policies

     As at 31 December 2018, the Group had 33,609 employees (as at 31 December 2017: 23,961 employees). During
     the Year, the total staff costs were approximately RMB2,433.8 million.

     The remuneration package of the employees includes salary, bonus and other cash subsidies. Employees are
     rewarded on a performance related basis, together with reference to the profitability of the Group, remuneration
     benchmarks in the industry, and prevailing market conditions within the general framework of the Group’s
     salary and bonus system. The Group is subject to social insurance contribution plans or other pension schemes
     prescribed by the local governments and is required to pay on behalf of its employees, a monthly social
     insurance funds covering pension fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and
     unemployment insurance, and the housing provident fund, or to contribute regularly to other mandatory provident
     fund schemes on behalf of its employees. The Group has also adopted a share option scheme, details of which are
     disclosed in the paragraph headed “Pre-listing Share Option Scheme” in this report.

     Employee Training and Development

     The Group organized various special talent training camps, quality development training, cross-district exchange
     and learning, video conferences, seminars, etc. We also evaluated and fed back the training effectiveness by
     means of training assessment, implementation of key tasks, rotation practice, etc.

     During the Year, the Company held various kinds of trainings, the number of participants reached approximately
     280,000 person-times and a total of hundreds of thousands of training hours, of which 27 trainings were for
     developing talents. This has effectively enhanced the management level of all senior management and the service
     ability of our frontline staff and further optimized our talent structure to make our talent team more accordant with
     the business development of the Company.


     EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On 11 January 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with the placing agent, J.P. Morgan Securities
     PLC, and the vendor, Concrete Win, pursuant to which, the placing agent conditionally agreed to place, on a fully
     underwritten basis, 168,761,000 existing shares of the Company at the placing price of HK$11.61 per share and
     Concrete Win conditionally agreed to subscribe at the placing price for the same number of new shares as the
     placing shares placed by the placing agent. The Directors consider that the placing and the subscription represents
     an opportunity to raise capital for the Company while broadening its shareholder and capital base. The Company
     intends to apply 70% of the net proceeds from the proposed placing for mergers and acquisitions projects to
     expand geographical coverage or service scope within the Company’s core businesses or related businesses,
     and the remaining 30% for investments in technology and intellectualization, investments in urban services and
     value-added services new business development. On 24 January 2019, the Company completed the placing of
     the existing Shares as well as the subscription of new Shares and allotment and issuance of Shares under the
     general mandate. The net proceeds received by the Company after deducting relating fees and expense, were
     approximately HK$1,939 million.




26    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In January 2019, the Group entered into equity transfer agreements with certain independent third parties to
acquire 100% equity interest in each of Shanghai Lianyuan Property Development Company Limited* (上 海 聯
源 物 業 發 展 有 限 公 司) (“Shanghai Lianyuan”) and Guangdong Yuanhai Asset Property Investment Management
Company Limited* (廣 東 元 海 資 產 物 業 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司) (“Guangdong Yuanhai”) at a cash consideration of
RMB136 million and RMB100 million, respectively (the “Acquisitions”). The Acquisitions have not been completed
as of the date of this annual report. Shanghai Lianyuan and Guangdong Yuanhai will become subsidiaries of the
Group upon the completion of the Acquisitions. As all the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules
are lower than 5%, the Acquisitions do not constitute notifiable transaction of the Company as defined under the
Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

On 19 March 2019, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with a connected person at the subsidiary
level of the Company (the “Vendor”), pursuant to which the Group has conditionally agreed to purchase and the
Vendor has conditionally agreed to sell the remaining 30% equity interest in Shengshi at a cash consideration of
RMB90,000,000. Shengshi will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group upon the completion of the equity
transfer.


DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION

According to the shareholder’s resolution of the Company dated 5 May 2018, a dividend of RMB3.76 cents per
share totalling RMB93,900,000 was declared and paid to its then shareholder, WiseFame in May 2018.

The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a 2018 final dividend of RMB8.49 cents per share, totalling
RMB230,790,000, which has taken into account the effects of placing of the Company’s shares in January 2019
and the expected exercise of share options as of the record date for the eligible shareholders. Such dividend is to
be approved by the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not
reflect this dividend payable.


CHARGE ON ASSETS

As at 31 December 2018, the Group did not have any charges on its assets.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 December 2018, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2018     27
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Ms. Yang Huiyan (楊 惠 妍), aged 37, was appointed as a Non-executive Director and the chairman of the Board
     on 9 March 2018 and is responsible for the formulation and provision of guidance and development strategies for
     the overall development of the Group. Ms. Yang is also the chairman of the nomination committee and a member of
     the remuneration committee of the Company. Ms. Yang is a controlling shareholder.

     Ms. Yang joined CGH in March 2005 as a general manager of the procurement department, where she was
     responsible for overall procurement decision making until November 2006. Ms. Yang was appointed as an
     executive director of CGH in December 2006 and a vice chairman of CGH in March 2012 and was re-designated
     from a vice chairman to a co-chairman of CGH in December 2018. She is mainly responsible for assisting Mr.
     Yeung Kwok Keung, the chairman of CGH, in the day-to-day work of the CGH Group, and responsible for the CGH
     Group’s strategic investments and new business exploration based on the existing business, such as new retail
     business. Ms. Yang is also a member of the corporate governance committee, the executive committee and the
     finance committee of CGH and a director of various members of the CGH Group.

     Ms. YANG was appointed as a director of the board and the chairman of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited
     since December 2016, company whose shares are listed on The New York Stock Exchange.

     Ms. Yang graduated from Ohio State University in the United States in March 2005, where she obtained a bachelor
     degree in business administration.

     Ms. Yang is a cousin of Mr. Yang Zhicheng, a non-executive Director.



     Mr. Yang Zhicheng (楊 志 成), aged 45, was appointed as a Non-executive Director on 9 March 2018 and is
     responsible for the provision of guidance for the overall development of the Group.

     From 1992 to 1997, Mr. Yang served as a project manager at Shunde Sanhe Property Development Company
     Limited* (順 德 市 三 和 物 業 發 展 有 限 公 司), the predecessor of Shunbi Property, where he was responsible for
     property project management and public relations. Since 1997, Mr. Yang has served as a project general manager
     at the CGH Group, where he was responsible for the overall management of several property development
     projects. He has been an executive director, the president of Jiangzhong region and the vice president of CGH
     since December 2006, January 2010 and November 2017, respectively, and is mainly responsible for the overall
     development and management of certain property development projects of the CGH Group.

     Mr. Yang graduated from Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長江商學院) in the PRC in September 2013,
     where he obtained a degree of executive master in business administration.

     Mr. Yang is a cousin of Ms. Yang Huiyan, a controlling shareholder, non-executive Director and the chairman of the
     Board.



     Ms. Wu Bijun (伍 碧 君), aged 45, was appointed as a Non-executive Director on 9 March 2018 and is responsible
     for the provision of guidance for the overall development of the Group.

     Ms. Wu worked at Hubei Branch of China Construction Bank* (中國建設銀行股份有限公司湖北省分行) from 1996
     to 1998 and chief auditor of Foshan Zhixin Certified Public Accountants Company Limited* (佛山市智信會計師事務
     所有限公司) from 1999 to 2002. From 2002 to 2005, she worked at Foshan Shunde Finance and Taxation Bureau*
     (佛 山 市 順 德 區 財 稅 局). Ms. Wu joined the CGH Group in November 2005 and had served as the general manager
     of the finance department until May 2013 and the assistant president from September 2011 to April 2014. She has
     been serving as the general manager of the finance centre, vice president and chief financial officer of CGH since
     May 2013, April 2014 and April 2017, respectively. Ms. Wu is mainly responsible for the financial management of
     the CGH Group.




28    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Ms. Wu graduated from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中 南 財 經 政 法 大 學) (formerly known as
Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics (中 南 財 經 大 學)) in the PRC in July 1995, where she obtained a
bachelor degree of economics. She also obtained a degree of executive master of business administration from
China Europe International Business School (中 歐 國 際 工 商 學 院) in the PRC in October 2015. Ms. Wu became
a PRC Certified Public Accountant (中 國 註 冊 會 計 師) certified by The Certified Public Accountant Examination
Committee of The Ministry of Finance (財 政 部 註 冊 會 計 師 考 試 委 員 會) in July 1998 and a Certified PRC Tax Agent
(中 國 註 冊 稅 務 師) certified by the Personnel Department of Guangdong Province (廣 東 省 人 事 廳) in October 1999.



Mr. Li Changjiang (李 長 江), aged 53, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018 and has been
the general manager of CG Property Services since he joined the Group in December 2011. Mr. Li is primarily
responsible for overall strategic decisions, business planning and major operational decision making of the Group.

Prior to joining the Group, from March 1997 to September 2006, Mr. Li has served in positions including
administrative director at Guangzhou Everbright Garden Property Management Company Limited* (廣 州 市 光
大 花 園 物 業 管 理 有 限 公 司) from March 1997 to May 1999, property manager at Shenzhen Expander Property
Management Company Limited* (深 圳 市 城 建 物 業 管 理 有 限 公 司) from May 1999 to April 2002 and property
manager and assistant general manager at Shenzhen Gemdale Property Management Company Limited* (深 圳
市 金 地 物 業 管 理 有 限 公 司) from April 2002 to September 2006, where he was responsible for various tasks,
including administrative management, customer services management, marketing and property management. From
September 2006 to December 2011, Mr. Li was a regional director within the group of A-Living Services Co., Ltd.
(雅居樂雅生活服務股份有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3319)
where he was mainly responsible for overall operation and management of property management in Southern China
region.

Mr. Li graduated from Southwest Agricultural University (西 南 農 業 大 學) in the PRC in July 1989.



Mr. Xiao Hua (肖 華), aged 41, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018 and has been the
deputy general manager of CG Property Services since February 2013. Mr. Xiao is primarily responsible for overall
management of value-added services to non-property owners.

From April 2004 to April 2009, Mr. Xiao worked at the Group as an assistant manager, a deputy manager and a
manager at Chencun branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for security management and
providing assistance to day-to-day operation of the branch office and a deputy manager, a manager and a senior
manager at Huabi branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the day-to-day operation and
management of the branch office. From April 2009 to December 2009, Mr. Xiao was promoted to regional director
at Changsha branch office and in January 2010, to regional director of Zengcheng branch office, where he was
responsible for overall operation, management and brand development of property management services until
February 2013.



Mr. Guo Zhanjun (郭 戰 軍), aged 39, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018 and has been the
deputy general manager of CG Property Services since he joined the Group in August 2017. Mr. Guo is primarily
responsible for overall management of human resources of the Group.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018     29
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Prior to joining the Group, from July 2002 to September 2010, Mr. Guo served in positions including human
     resource supervisor at Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Company Limited* (鄭 州 宇 通 客 車 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company
     listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600066), manager, senior manager and head of human resources
     department at GD Midea Air-Conditioning Equipment Co., Ltd* (廣東美的製冷設備有限公司) and human resources
     director at AUX Group Co., Ltd.* (奧 克 斯 集 團 有 限 公 司), a company mainly engaged in manufacturing and sales
     of electrical equipment and home appliances. From August 2011 to March 2013, Mr. Guo was the head of human
     resources department in the concrete business unit of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co.,
     Ltd. (中 聯 重 科 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as Changsha Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology
     Development Co., Ltd. (長 沙 中 聯 重 工 科 技 發 展 股 份 有 限 公 司)), a company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 000157) and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1157). Mr. Guo joined the CGH
     Group as a deputy general manager of training and development department in July 2013 and was promoted to
     human resources director of Jiangzhong region in April 2014 and general manager of recruiting department in
     January 2016, where he was mainly responsible for human resources planning and management. From June 2016
     to February 2017, he left the CGH Group and joined Beijing branch office of Thaihot Group Co., Ltd.* (泰 禾 集 團 股
     份 有 限 公 司 北 京 分 公 司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000732), as a deputy
     general manager of human resources department and a human resources director of Beijing region. Mr. Guo
     returned to the CGH Group as the assistant general manager of human resources management centre in February
     2017 and was responsible for human resources planning and management until June 2017.

     Mr. Guo graduated from Renmin University of China (中 國 人 民 大 學) in the PRC in July 2002, where he obtained a
     bachelor degree in environmental economic and resource management.



     Mr. Mei Wenjue (梅 文 珏), aged 49, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May 2018
     and is responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Mei is also a member of the audit committee
     and the remuneration committee of the Company.

     Mr. Mei has served as chief executive officer and director at Guangzhou Ruizhi Car Rental Company Limited* (廣州
     瑞 致 租 車 有 限 公 司) since November 2014, May 2016, a company primarily engaged in car rental business, where
     he was responsible for the overall business operations and management. From 1994 to September 2008, Mr.
     Mei worked at China Southern Airlines Company Limited (中 國 南 方 航 空 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the
     Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600029), the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: ZNH) and the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1055). From September 2008 to October 2014, he served as the chief
     representative at the Shenzhen Office of China Europe International Business School (中 歐 國 際 工 商 學 院). From
     March 2015 to January 2018, he served as a director of the board at Sichuan Huapu Modern Agriculture Company
     Limited* (四 川 華 樸 現 代 農 業 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations
     (stock code: 837890). Mr. Mei was also an independent non-executive director of the board at Miko International
     Holdings Limited (米 格 國 際 控 股 有 限 公 司) from December 2013 to March 2016, a company listed on the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1247) and at CGH from May 2013 to March 2018.

     Mr. Mei graduated from Sun Yat-Sen University (中 山 大 學) in the PRC, where he obtained a bachelor degree of
     English language and literature in June 1994 and a master degree of administrative management in June 2001. He
     also received a master degree in business administration from the School of Management of Cranfield University in
     the United Kingdom in June 2006.



     Mr. Rui Meng (芮 萌), aged 51, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
     responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Rui is also the chairman of the audit committee and
     a member of the nomination committee of the Company.

     Mr. Rui has been a Professor of Finance and Accounting at China Europe International Business School (中 歐
     國 際 工 商 學 院) since January 2012, and has held the title of Zhongkun Group Chair in Finance at China Europe
     International Business School since October 2015.



30    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Rui has been professionally designated as a Certified Financial Analyst by the Association for Investment
Management and Research since September 2000 and a Financial Risk Manager by the Global Association of Risk
Professionals since April 2010.

Mr. Rui was an independent director of the board and chairman of the audit committee at Midea Group Co., Ltd.*
(美 的 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code:000333), from August
2015 to September 2018. He currently serves as an independent director of the board and a member of the audit
committee at COSCO Shipping Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (中 遠 海 運 能 源 運 輸 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company
listed on both the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1138) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(stock code: 600026), an independent director of the board and the chairman of the audit committee at Shanghai
Winner Information Technology Co., Inc.* (上 海 匯 納 信 息 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 300609), an independent director of the board at Shang Gong Group Co., Ltd.* (上
工 申 貝(集 團) 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600843) and an
independent non-executive director of the board and the chairman of the audit committee at China Education
Group Holdings Limited (中國教育集團控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 0839).

Mr. Rui graduated from University of International Relations (國 際 關 係 學 院) in the PRC in July 1990, where he
obtained a bachelor degree in international economics. He also received a master of science in economics from
Oklahoma State University in the United States as well as a master of business administration degree and a doctor
of philosophy degree in business administration from the University of Houston in the United States in May 1993,
December 1996 and August 1997, respectively.



Mr. Chen Weiru (陳 威 如), aged 48, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May
2018 and is responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Chen is also the chairman of the
remuneration committee, a member of the audit committee and the nomination committee of the Company.

Mr. Chen was an assistant professor of strategy at the Asia Campus of INSEAD (歐 洲 工 商 管 理 學 院) from
September 2003 to 2011 and an associate professor of strategy at China Europe International Business School (中
歐 國 際 工 商 學 院) from July 2011 to 2017. Mr. Chen became the chief strategy officer at Zhejiang Cainiao Supply
Chain Management Company Limited* (浙 江 菜 鳥 供 應 鏈 管 理 有 限 公 司) in August 2017, a platform company
primarily engaged in smart logistics, where he is responsible for strategic decisions making and executing for
business development. He is now an Executive director of Industry Internet Center of Alibaba Business School
since February 2019. He was an independent director of the board at Zhejiang DUNAN Artificial Environment
Co.,Ltd.* (浙 江 盾 安 人 工 環 境 股 份 有 限 公 司) from April 2015 to April 2017, a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 002011), at Nanjing OLO Home Furnishing Co., Ltd.* (南 京 我 樂 家 居 股 份 有 限 公
司) from April 2015 to July 2017, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603326) and at
CG Property Services from May 2016 to January 2018. Mr. Chen currently serves as an independent director of
the board at TAL Education Group (好 未 來 教 育 集 團), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock
code: TAL) and an independent director of the board at Dian Diagnostics Co., Ltd.* (迪 安 診 斷 技 術 股 份 有 限 公 司),
a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300244).

Mr. Chen graduated from National Taiwan University (國 立 台 灣 大 學) in Taiwan in June 1993, where he obtained
a bachelor degree in business administration. In January 1996, he graduated from Tamkang University(淡 江 大 學)
in Taiwan, where he obtained a master degree in business administration. He received a Ph.D. in strategy from
Purdue University in the United States in December 2003.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     31
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Gong Shunsong (龔 順 松), aged 40, was appointed as a Chief Operating Officer in January 2018 and is
     primarily responsible for overall management, operations and business development.

     Prior to joining our Group, from May 2003 to January 2018, he served in positions in various logistics companies
     including logistics manager at Flextronics Logistics (Zhuhai) Company Limited* (偉創力物流(珠海)有限公司), where
     he was responsible for overseeing logistic systems and VMI operation supporting, business director at Shenzhen
     Ourate Supply Chain Management Company Limited (深 圳 歐 瑞 特 供 應 鏈 管 理 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
     Shenzhen Arvato Logistics Services Company Limited* (深圳歐唯特物流服務有限公司)), where he was responsible
     for management of the overall business operations and logistics director and vice president of e-commerce and
     logistics supply chain business division at SF Holding Co., Ltd.* (順豐控股股份有限公司), a company listed on the
     Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002352), where he was responsible for operations management until he
     joined our Group in January 2018.

     Mr. Gong obtained a diploma in computer science from Jiujiang College Xundong Campus (九 江 學 院 潯 東 校 區)
     (formerly known as Jiujiang Normal College (九 江 師 範 高 等 專 科 學 校)) in the PRC in June 2000. He graduated
     from Royal Roads University in Canada in November 2006, where he obtained a master degree of business
     administration in executive management.



     Mr. Xu Binhuai (徐 彬 淮), aged 40, was appointed as a Deputy General Manager in October 2016 and is primarily
     responsible for strategic planning in business innovation and brand management.

     Prior to joining our Group, from November 2004 to February 2010, Mr. Xu served in various positions in marketing
     at DHL-SINOTRANS International Air Courier Ltd.* (中 外 運-敦 豪 國 際 航 空 快 件 有 限 公 司), including manager of
     sales performance group and regional sales and marketing planning manager where he was mainly responsible
     for sales planning and performance management. From March 2010 to October 2012, he served as the head of
     marketing department of North Asia at American President Lines (China) Co., Ltd. (美 國 總 統 輪 船(中 國)有 限 公 司),
     a logistics company, where he was mainly responsible for marketing and sales management in North Asia. From
     November 2012 to February 2016, he served as a senior project manager at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants
     (Shanghai) Company Limited* (羅 蘭 貝 格 企 業 管 理(上 海)有 限 公 司), where he was in charge of providing business
     consulting services to transportation, logistics, tourism and public service industries.

     Mr. Xu joined the CGH Group as the deputy general manager of corporate strategy office in March 2016 and was
     mainly responsible for strategic planning of new business lines until September 2016.

     Mr. Xu graduated from Fudan University in July 2002, where he obtained a bachelor degree in macromolecular
     material and engineering. He graduated from the University of Hong Kong in November 2016, where he obtained a
     master degree in business administration.




32    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Huang Peng (黃 鵬), aged 36, was appointed as a Chief Financial Officer in September 2016 and is primarily
responsible for financial management, investment management, compliance and company secretarial matters of
our Group.

Prior to joining our Group, from April 2006 to September 2009, Mr. Huang served as listing office manager
and manager of securities department in Vtron Group Co., Ltd.* (威 創 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
Guangdong Vtron Video Technologies Company Limited* (廣 東 威 創 視 訊 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司)), a company listed
on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002308), where he was responsible for investor relations, and
investment management. From October 2009 to December 2015, he served in various positions including as the
head of finance, secretary of the board and deputy general manager in Pony Test Group Company Limited* (譜尼測
試 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company mainly engaged in comprehensive testing services for various industries, where
he was responsible for financial management and board secretarial matters.

Mr. Huang served as an independent director of the board at Beijing Arrays Medical Imaging Corporation* (北 京
銳 視 康 科 技 發 展 有 限 公 司), a company engaged in production and sales of medical imaging equipment, until
September 2016. He was also an executive director at Guangzhou Yanzhao Enterprise Management Company
Limited* (廣州炎昭企業管理有限公司) from January 2016 to October 2016, a company mainly engaged in business
management advisory services and an executive director at Guangdong Huishi Network Medical Investment
Company Limited* (廣 東 惠 視 網 絡 醫 療 投 資 有 限 公 司) from July 2016 to November 2016, a company mainly
engaged in investment advisory services and hospital management.

Mr. Huang graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in the PRC in June 2005, where he
obtained a bachelor degree in transportation. He graduated from Guanghua School of Management of Peking
University (北 京 大 學 光 華 管 理 學 院) in the PRC with a master degree in business administration in July 2012.
He became a PRC Certified Public Accountant (中 國 註 冊 會 計 師) certified by The Certified Public Accountant
Examination Committee of the Ministry of Finance (財 政 部 註 冊 會 計 師 考 試 委 員 會) in December 2014.



Mr. Yu Xiangdong (余 向 東), aged 49, was appointed as a Deputy General Manager in June 2014 and is primarily
responsible for management of community value-added services business.

Prior to joining our Group, from August 1998 to September 2013, he served in various positions including deputy
manager of business management department at Shenzhen Vanke Property Service Company Limited* (深 圳 市 萬
科 物 業 服 務 有 限 公 司), where he was responsible for committee development of property management,providing
consultancy services for business development and other community business operations, manager of business
management department at Vanke Property Development Company Limited* (萬科物業發展股份有限公司), where
he was responsible for development of property management and providing consultancy services for business
development, director of general manager office at Shenzhen Vanke Property Services Company Limited* (深 圳 市
萬 科 物 業 服 務 有 限 公 司), where he was responsible for information management, brand management and public
relations, and general manager at Beijing Vanke Property Service Company Limited Qingdao Branch Office* (北
京 萬 科 物 業 服 務 有 限 公 司 青 島 分 公 司), where he was responsible for overall business operations and property
management in Shandong Province. Mr. Yu worked at Shenzhen Wanrui Technology Company Limited* (深 圳 市
萬 睿 智 能 科 技 有 限 公 司), a company primarily engaged in the development and application of intelligent building
technology until May 2014, where he was responsible for market expansion.

Mr. Yu graduated from Ocean University of China (中國海洋大學) (formerly known as Qingdao Ocean University (青
島海洋大學)) in the PRC in July 1991, where he obtained his bachelor degree in freshwater fisheries. He obtained a
master degree in zoology from South China Normal University (華 南 師 範 大 學) in the PRC in July 1994.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2018    33
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Yuan Hongkai (袁 鴻 凱), aged 41, was appointed as a Deputy General Manager in February 2017 and is
     primarily responsible for informatization solutions and intelligent technologies management. Mr. Yuan joined CG
     Property Services as information management consultant in June 2016.

     Prior to joining our Group, from July 2000 to December 2013, Mr. Yuan served in positions including assistant
     general manager at China Sigma Co., Ltd.* (中 國 希 格 瑪 有 限 公 司), a company mainly engaged in development
     and sales of high technology and construction materials, and information technology director at Kinghand Real
     Estate Development Group Company Limited* (京 漢 置 業 集 團 有 限 責 任 公 司), where he was mainly responsible for
     information technology management in these positions. In January 2014, Mr. Yuan became a vice president and a
     director of the board at Easy Life (Beijing) Smart Community Investment and Development Company Limited* (樂生
     活 (北 京) 智 慧 社 區 投 資 發 展 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company mainly engaged in property management services, where
     he was responsible for technology research and development and business operations until May 2016.

     Mr. Yuan graduated from the University of Science and Technology of China (中國科學技術大學) in the PRC in July
     2000, where he completed his bachelor degree in computer science and application of professional engineering.
     He obtained a master degree in software engineering from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics (北 京
     航 空 航 天 大 學) in the PRC in July 2007.

     Joint Company Secretaries

     Mr. Huang Peng (黃鵬), aged 36, was appointed as Joint Company Secretary on 9 March 2018. For details of Mr.
     Huang Peng, please refer to “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management — Mr. Huang Peng (黃 鵬)”
     in this section.



     Mr. Leung Chong Shun (梁創順), aged 53, was appointed as Joint Company Secretary on 9 March 2018. He has
     been a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. (胡 關 李 羅 律 師 行), a law firm based in Hong Kong, since 1997.

     Mr. Leung is currently the company secretary of another four listed companies on the Main Board of the Stock
     Exchange, namely, China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (招 商 局 中 國 基 金 有 限 公 司) (stock
     code: 0133), China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (招 商 局 港 口 控 股 有 限 公 司) (stock code: 0144),
     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd (廣 州 汽 車 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司) (stock code: 2238) and CGH (stock code:
     2007).

     Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong, where he obtained a bachelor degree in laws in November
     1988 and obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in laws in September 1989. He became a qualified solicitor in Hong
     Kong in October 1991 and in England and Wales in November 1994, respectively.




34    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Sound corporate governance is the fundamental guarantee for the long-term healthy and stable development of an
enterprise. The general meetings, the board meetings and all other special committees of the Company discharge
their respective duties and responsibilities and coordinate with each other with effective checks and balances under
laws and rules and relevant systems to continuously improve the corporate governance level of the Company.


                                                  General Meeting




                                                   Board Meeting




            Remuneration           Nomination
             Committee             Committee                                            Audit Committee




                                                Business Management


The Group deeply understands the important role that its Board plays in providing effective leadership and
guidance for the businesses of the Group and ensuring the transparency and accountability of the operation
of the Group, and knows very well that sound corporate governance will lead the Group towards success and
help add value to the shareholders. Therefore, the Board consistently strives to maintain a high level of business
ethnics, a healthy corporate culture and sound corporate governance by formulating and implementing a corporate
governance policy and practice that is in line with the behavior and growth of the businesses of the Group.

Since the listing of the Company on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the Listing Date, the
Company has adopted and complied with the principles and code provisions set out in the CG Code in Appendix
14 to the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018     35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its codes of conduct regarding securities transactions by
     its Directors and employees (the “Securities Dealing Code”).

     The Company has made specific enquiry of all Directors whether the Directors have complied with the required
     standard as set out in the Model Code for the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018 and all Directors
     confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code and the Securities Dealing Code throughout the said
     period. The Company did not spot any non-compliance incidents during the aforesaid period. If an employee may
     have any inside information of the Group, he/she shall comply with the written guidelines no less exacting than the
     Model Code.


     Board of Directors

     The Board supervises over the business, strategic decisions and performance of the Group and should make
     decisions objectively in the best interest of the Company.

     The Board should regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the
     Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.

     The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
     directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The Board is fully responsible for the formulation of business
     policies and strategies in relation to the business operation of the Group, including dividend policy and risk
     management strategies. The management is delegated the authority and responsibilities by the Board for the day-
     to-day management and operation of the Group.


     Board Composition

     As at 31 December 2018, the Board comprised nine Directors, including three executive Directors, three non-
     executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.

     During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018, the Board comprised the following Directors:

     Executive Directors:                          Mr. LI Changjiang
                                                   Mr. XIAO Hua
                                                   Mr. GUO Zhanjun

     Non-executive Directors:                      Ms. YANG Huiyan (Chairman)
                                                   Mr. YANG Zhicheng
                                                   Ms. WU Bijun

     Independent non-executive Directors:          Mr. MEI Wenjue
                                                   Mr. RUI Meng
                                                   Mr. CHEN Weiru




36    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The detailed biography of the current Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors
and Senior Management” of this annual report.

Mr. YANG Zhicheng is a cousin of Ms. YANG Huiyan, a controlling shareholder, the chairman of the Board and a
non-executive Director. Save as disclosed above, none of other Directors has maintained any family relationship
with any of other Directors.

During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018, the Company arranged for appropriate cover on
Directors’ and Senior Management’ liability insurance policy to indemnify the Directors and Senior Management for
liabilities arising from the corporate activities. The coverage and the amount insured under such policy are reviewed
annually by the Company. No legal actions were made against any of the Directors in relation to their duties
performed for the Company during the Year.


Independent Non-Executive Directors

During the Year, the Board has complied with Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules in having three
independent non-executive Directors (representing one-third of the Board) from time to time. The independent
non-executive Directors, all of whom are independent of the management of the Group’s businesses, are highly
experienced professionals with substantial experience in areas such as legal, accounting or financial management.

The Company has received annual written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors of
his independence to the Group pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all the
independent non-executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules and they are independent persons, and complied with the independence provision in accordance with
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

In addition to the regular Board meetings, the chairman met with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of the executive Directors during the year ended 31 December 2018.


Directors’ Continuing Professional Development

Directors’ training is an ongoing process. All Directors are encouraged to attend the seminars and courses on
relevant topics when counting towards continuous professional development training.

Pursuant to Code A.6.5 of the CG Code, Directors should participate in continuous professional development
to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains
informed and relevant. According to the records maintained by the Company, during the Year, all the current
Directors, being Ms. YANG Huiyan, Mr. LI Changjiang, Mr. XIAO Hua, Mr. GUO Zhanjun, Mr. YANG Zhicheng,
Ms. WU Bijun, Mr. MEI Wenjue, Mr. RUI Meng and Mr. CHEN Weiru, had participated in appropriate continuous
professional development activities by ways of attending training sessions and/or reading articles, newspapers,
journals and/or updates relevant to the Company’s business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities and
complied with the provisions of Code A.6.5 of the CG Code.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     A summary of their training records is as follows:

                                                                                             Type of                Content of
                                                                                             Continuing             Continuing
                                                                                             Professional           Professional
         Directors                                                                           Development (Note 1)   Development (Note 2)

         Executive Directors:
         Mr. LI Changjiang                                                                   1, 2                   A, B
         Mr. XIAO Hua                                                                        1, 2                   A, B
         Mr. GUO Zhanjun                                                                     1, 2                   A, B

         Non-executive Directors:
         Ms. YANG Huiyan (Chairman)                                                          1, 2                   A, B
         Mr. YANG Zhicheng                                                                   1, 2                   A, B
         Ms. WU Bijun                                                                        1, 2                   A, B

         Independent Non-executive Directors:
         Mr. MEI Wenjue                                                                      2                      B
         Mr. RUI Meng                                                                        2                      B
         Mr. CHEN Weiru                                                                      2                      B

     Note 1:

     1       Attending internal seminars/training sessions, lectures, symposiums or forums

     2       Reading newspapers, journals and updates

     Note 2:

     A.      Businesses relating to the Company

     B.      Laws, rules and regulations, accounting standards



     Appointment and Re-Election of Directors

     Under Code A.4.1 of the CG Code, non-executive Directors should be appointed for a specific term and be subject
     to re-election. Under Code A.4.2 of the CG Code, all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy should be subject
     to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after their appointment and every Director (including a
     Director appointed for a specific term) should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

     Each of the Directors is engaged on a service agreement (for executive Directors and non-executive Directors) or an
     appointment letter (for independent non-executive Directors) for a term of three years or for a term expiring on 18
     June 2021. All of them are subject to retirement and re-election in accordance with the Articles of Association.




38       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


According to the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting, one third of the Directors for the time
being (or if their number is not a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one third) shall retire
from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject
to retirement at an annual general meeting at least once every three years. The Directors to retire by rotation shall
include any Director who wishes to retire and not offer himself for re-election. Any further Directors so to retire shall
be those who have been longest in office since their last re-election or appointment but as between persons who
became or were last re-elected Directors on the same day those to retire will (unless they otherwise agree among
themselves) be determined by lot.


Board Meetings

The Board holds at least four meetings a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Additional meetings would be
arranged if and when required. The date of each meeting is decided in advance to enable the Directors to attend
the meeting in person. For those Directors who are not able to attend these meetings in persons, participation by
telephone conference is available.

The Board meets regularly for discussing and determining the strategies of the Group, setting directions and
monitoring the performance of the Group. Notice of not less than 14 days is given to all Directors in convening all
regular meetings. Each Director can access to the advices and services of the Company Secretary and is invited to
include any matters for discussion in the agenda of the regular meetings. Agendas and materials for discussion in
the meetings are circulated to all Directors at least 3 days prior to the date of the meetings.

A substantial shareholder or a Director, who has declared to have a conflict of interest in the proposed transactions
or issues to be discussed, would not be counted in the quorum of the meeting and would abstain from voting
on the relevant resolution, and the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written
resolution.

The Company Secretary of the Company prepares detailed minutes of each meeting. After the meeting, draft and
final versions of the minutes would be sent to all the Directors for comments and records as soon as practicable.
Minutes of Board meetings and Board committees meetings are kept by the Listing Company Secretariat of the
Company and are open for inspection by any Director after due notice is issued by him/her.

During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018, the Directors have made active contribution to the
affairs of the Group and nine Board meetings were held to consider, among other things, various transactions
contemplated by the Group and to review and approve the interim results of the Group.

Pursuant to Article 100(1) of the Articles of Association, a Director shall not be entitled to attend any Board meeting
for approving any transaction in which he or his associates is materially interested. Any Board meeting which a
Director is not so entitled to attend shall not be taken into account in determining that Director’s attendance record.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2018      39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Attendance Records of the Directors

     The following table shows the attendance of each individual member of the Board and the board committees at
     the board meetings, the respective board committee meetings held during the Year, and the extraordinary general
     meeting held on 22 November 2018 (“2018 EGM”) held during the Year:


                                                                            Attendance during the Year/Number of meetings held
                                                                                       Audit Remuneration     Nomination
      Name of members of the                                           Board      Committee      Committee     Committee
      Board/the Board Committees                                      meeting       meeting         meeting       meeting      2018 EGM

      Executive Directors:
      Mr. LI Changjiang                                                     9/9              N/A              N/A              N/A               1/1
      Mr. XIAO Hua                                                          9/9              N/A              N/A              N/A               1/1
      Mr. GUO Zhanjun                                                       9/9              N/A              N/A              N/A               1/1

      Non-executive Directors:
      Ms. YANG Huiyan (Chairman)1                                           6/6              N/A              N/A               N/A              1/1
      Mr. YANG Zhicheng1                                                    6/6              N/A              N/A               N/A              1/1
      Ms. WU Bijun2                                                         7/7              N/A              N/A               N/A              1/1

      Independent Non-executive Directors:
      Mr. MEI Wenjue                                                        9/9              1/1              N/A               N/A              1/1
      Mr. RUI Meng                                                          9/9              1/1              N/A               N/A              1/1
      Mr. CHEN Weiru3                                                       9/9              1/1              N/A               N/A              0/1

     Notes:

     1.       The Group, (i) Ms. YANG Huiyan is the controlling shareholder of CG Holdings and thus CG Business Management; (ii) Mr. YANG Zhicheng
              is an associate of Ms. YANG Huiyan; they have abstained from voting on the resolutions at the Board meeting approving the acquisition by
              the Group of 10% equity interest in O-Home Technology in 9 July 2018, the continuing connected transaction with Bright Scholar Group on
              22 August 2018, and the continuing connected transaction with CG Holdings on 18 September 2018, and the transactions contemplated
              thereunder to avoid any conflicts of interest. Therefore, six board meetings would have been attended by Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YANG
              Zhicheng during the Reporting Period.

     2.       As Ms. WU Bijun is the Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer of CG Holdings, she has abstained from voting on the resolutions at
              the Board meeting approving the acquisition by the Group of 10% equity interest in O-Home Technology on 9 July 2018, the continuing
              connected transaction with CG Holdings on 18 September, 2018, and the transactions contemplated thereunder to avoid any conflicts of
              interest. Therefore, seven board meetings would have been attended by Ms. WU Bijun during the Reporting Period.

     3.       Mr. CHEN Weiru could not attend the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 22 November 2018 due to his other business
              engagements and had completed the leave procedures.



     Chairman and General Manager

     Ms. YANG Huiyan is the chairman and Mr. LI Changjiang is the general manager of the Company. The roles of the
     chairman and the general manager are segregated. Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. LI Changjiang are not connected
     in any respect. The chairman provides leadership for the Board and ensures that there is clear division of
     responsibilities at the Board level. The general manager is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day management
     of the Company, supervising the businesses of the Group and ensuring that Board committees work smoothly and
     effectively.




40    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Board Committees

As part of good corporate governance, the Board has set up a Remuneration Committee, an Audit Committee
and a Nomination Committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each Committee has
its own specific delegated authorities and operates within defined written terms of reference, which are posted
on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com). All the Board
Committees should report to the Board on their decisions or recommendations made.


Audit Committee

The Audit Committee currently comprises all three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. RUI Meng,
who acts as the chairman, Mr. MEI Wenjue and Mr. CHEN Weiru.

The duties of the Audit Committee include, inter alias, reviewing and monitoring the financial reporting, risk
management and internal control systems of the Company, and assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibility over
the audit; making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external
auditor; and reviewing the Company’s financial control, risk management and internal control systems. The Audit
Committee should meet at least twice a year to discuss and review the financial information, the risk management
and internal control systems and relevant matters. The proceedings of the Audit Committee meetings are the same
as that of the Board meetings. Terms of reference of the Audit Committee are currently available on the websites of
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

During the Year, the Audit Committee has reviewed the audit planning memorandums, the interim results as
of 30 June 2018, financial reporting and compliance procedures, compliance and internal control report, risk
management and internal control system, the remuneration of external auditors, the adequacy of resources,
qualifications and experience of the employees of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function
department, and their training plans and budget.

The Company’s annual results announcement and annual report for the year have been reviewed by the Audit
Committee.

The Audit Committee held one meeting during the Year and the attendance of each member is listed under the
section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.


Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. CHEN
Weiru, who acts as the chairman, Mr. MEI Wenjue, and one non-executive Director, namely Ms. YANG Huiyan.

The responsibilities and authorities of the Remuneration Committee are clearly defined by its terms of reference,
the principal duties of which include: (i) making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and
structure for all remuneration of Directors and senior management of the Group; (ii) reviewing and approving
the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; and
(iii) making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior
management.

The Board together with the Remuneration Committee monitors the performance of the executive Directors and the
senior management. Such division of responsibilities ensures a balance of power. The Remuneration Committee
shall meet at any time when necessary. Terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are currently available
on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).



                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Remuneration Committee did not hold any meeting during the period from the Listing Date up to 31 December
     2018.

     Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in note 34 to
     the consolidated financial statements.

     Details of the 5 individuals with the highest emoluments are set out in note 10(a) to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     The remuneration of the members of the senior management (other than Directors) by band for the year ended 31
     December 2018 is set out below:

                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                                            members
                                                                                                            of senior
      RMB                                                                                                management

      2,000,001 to 3,000,000                                                                                          1
      3,000,001 to 4,000,000                                                                                          2
      4,000,001 to 5,000,000                                                                                          2


     Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members, including one non-executive Director, namely Ms.
     YANG Huiyan, who acts as the chairman, and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. RUI Meng and
     Mr. CHEN Weiru.

     The main duties of the Nomination Committee include, inter alia, reviewing the structure, size and composition of
     the Board, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members, assessing the independence of
     independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and removal
     of Directors. Terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are currently available on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

     The Nomination Committee did not hold any meeting during the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018.

     The Nomination Policy was approved on 20 December 2018.

     Objective:

     1.   The Nomination Committee (“Committee”) shall nominate suitable candidates to the board (“Board”) of
          directors of the Company (“Directors”) for it to consider and make recommendations to shareholders for
          election as Directors at general meetings for appointment or re-appointment or appoint as Directors to fill
          casual vacancies or as an addition to the existing Board.

     2.   The Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than the number of
          directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual vacancies to be filled.

     3.   The Committee should ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
          appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

     Selection Criteria

     4.   The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Committee in assessing the suitability of a
          proposed candidate:

          i.      Reputation for integrity

          ii.     Accomplishment and experience in different industries

          iii.    Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest


42    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      iv.    Independence

      v.     Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural
             and educational background, ethnicity, qualifications, professional experience, skills, knowledge,
             independence and length of service

      vi.    For proposed independent non-executive directors who will be holding their seventh (or more) listed
             company directorship, whether the individuals would still be able to devote sufficient time to the
             board (including whether the individuals have extensive experience in corporate governance of listed
             companies, are familiar with the management of listed companies, have close and good communication
             with the management and other independent non-executive directors of the Company, can make the
             management decision of the Company works properly, are a chairman of the board or chief executive
             officer or full-time executive director of other listed companies, the business activity of other listed
             companies in which the individuals hold directorship, etc.)

      vii.   other factors considered to be relevant by the Committee on a case by case basis, including the
             requirements and restrictions as stated in the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
             Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)

      These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Committee has the
      discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

5.    Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Committee and recommendation by the Board to stand for
      re-election at a general meeting.

6.    Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form,
      together with their written consent to be appointed as a Director and to the public disclosure of their personal
      data on any documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election
      as a Director.

7.    The Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if considered
      necessary.

Nomination Procedures

8.    The Secretary of the Committee or the Company Secretary shall call a meeting of the Committee, and invite
      nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for consideration by the Committee prior to its
      meeting. The Committee may also identify candidates pursuant to the criteria set out above and put forward
      candidates who are not nominated by Board members.

9.    The Committee may use any process it deems appropriate to evaluate the candidates pursuant to the
      criteria set out above, which may include personal interviews, background checks, presentations or written
      submissions by the candidates and third party references.

10.   For filling a casual vacancy and for addition to the existing Board, the Committee shall make
      recommendations for the Board’s consideration, approval and appointment. Any Director appointed by the
      Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting after his appointment and be
      subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing
      Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be
      eligible for re-election. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the Committee
      shall make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation to the shareholders.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018     43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     11.   In case of election at a general meeting, until the issue of the shareholder circular, the nominated persons
           shall not assume that they have been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.

     12.   In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at a general
           meeting, a circular will be sent to shareholders. The names, brief biographies (including qualifications and
           relevant experience), independence, proposed remuneration and any other information, as required pursuant
           to the applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the Listing Rules), of the proposed candidates will be
           included in the circular to shareholders. In addition, where a new Director is appointed or re-designated, the
           Company will announce the change as soon as practicable and include details of the relevant Director as
           required pursuant to the Listing Rules.

     13.   The shareholders of the Company may propose a person for election as a director, details of which are set
           out in the “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director” of the Company. A
           shareholder can serve a notice at the registered office, head office or the registration office (such place as
           the Board may from time to time determine to keep a branch register of members and where (except the
           Board otherwise directs) the transfer or other documents of title are to be lodged for registration and are to
           be registered) of the Company within the lodgment period of its intention to propose a resolution to elect
           certain person(s) as a Director, without the Board’s recommendation or the Committee’s nomination, other
           than those candidates set out in the shareholder circular. The particulars of the candidates so proposed will
           be sent to all shareholders for information by a supplementary circular.

     14.   A candidate is allowed to withdraw his candidature at any time before the general meeting by serving a notice
           in writing to the Company Secretary.

     15.   The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand
           for election at any general meeting. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rest
           with the entire Board.

     16.   The Company will disclose this nomination policy in the Company’s corporate governance report and/or by
           other means in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

     17.   The progress made towards achieving the objective set in this nomination policy will be disclosed in
           the Company’s corporate governance report annually and/or by other means in accordance with the
           requirements of the Listing Rules.


     Corporate Governance Function

     As no corporate governance committee has been established, the Board is responsible for, among other
     things, formulating and reviewing the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Group and make
     recommendations, monitoring the compliance of legal and regulatory requirements, reviewing and monitoring
     the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, and reviewing the
     corporate governance compliance with the CG Code and the disclosures in the annual report.

     The corporate governance report has been reviewed by the Board in the discharge of its corporate governance
     function.




44    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Summary of the Board Diversity Policy

The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy setting out the objectives and the factors to be considered for
achieving the diversity of the Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board
to enhance the quality of its performance. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy and competence,
and the candidates will be considered against certain objective criteria such as gender, age, cultural and
educational background, ethnicity, professional qualifications, areas of experience, skills, knowledge and length of
services, etc. The Nomination Committee monitors and reviews (if appropriate) the implementation of the Board
Diversity Policy.

The Company seeks to achieve board diversity taking into account of a number of factors, including but not limited
to, educational background, gender, age, skills and knowledge. The ultimate selection decision will be based on
merits and contribution to the Board.

As at 31 December 2018, an analysis of the Board composition based on the range of diversity perspectives is set
out as follows:

               Educational background (highest)                                        Gender




               Bachelor’s Degree           Master’s Degree                          Male          Female
               Doctor’s degree             Others



                      Skills and Knowledge                                                 Age
              5                                                         3

              4
                                                                        2
              3

              2
                                                                        1
              1

              0                                                         0
                                 Persons                                                Persons


          Development Strategy and            Human Resource                        35–40         41–45
          Marketing Management                Management
          Property Management                 Financial                             46–50         51–55
                                              Management



Each of the Board members possesses different skills and knowledge, including development strategy and
marketing management, human resource management, property management, financial management, etc. The
Board is characterized by significant diversity in terms of gender, age, degree, skills and knowledge.


                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018   45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Directors’ Responsibility on the Consolidated Financial Statements

     The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for
     the year ended 31 December 2018.

     The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of annual reports
     and other disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The management has
     provided necessary explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the
     financial information and position of the Group presented the Board for approval.

     There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
     Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


     Deed of Non-Competition

     Ms. YANG Huiyan, ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, has entered in the Deed of Non-Competition
     dated 29 May 2018 in favour of our Company to the effect that she will not, and will procure her respective Close
     Associates not to, directly or indirectly participate in, or hold any right or interest, or otherwise be involved in any
     business which may be in competition with the business of the Company, further details of which are set out in the
     paragraph entitled “Deed of Non-Competition” in the prospectus of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     The Company has received the confirmation from Ms. YANG Huiyan in respect of her compliance with the terms of
     the non-competition undertaking for the year ended 31 December 2018. The independent non-executive directors
     had reviewed the compliance with and enforcement of the terms of the non-competition undertaking by Ms. YANG
     for the year ended 31 December 2018.


     Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

     Duties of the Board and the Management

     The Board is solely responsible for maintaining sound and effective risk management and internal control systems
     to safeguard the Company’s assets and the shareholders’ interests. The Board deeply understands the key role
     of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems in its risk management and ongoing compliance
     with laws and regulations. The Company is aware of the duties of the Board and the management in the risk
     management and internal control systems:

     •      The Board shall be responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the
            Company is willing to take when achieving the strategic objectives, shall ensure that the Company establishes
            and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems, shall oversee the
            management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management system and shall conduct
            a review on an annual basis.

     •      The management shall be responsible for designing, implementing and supervising the risk management
            and internal control systems, and confirm the effectiveness of risk management and internal control with the
            Board.

     Such risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
     to achieve the business objectives and only provide reasonable rather than absolute assurance against material
     misstatement or loss.




46       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Risk Management

1.    Risk Management System Construction

      The Company has carried out the construction of systematic risk management system in the current year
      through the implementation of the following work, and established a set of risk management policies to guide
      the implementation of annual risk assessment and ongoing risk monitoring activities:

      1)   Set up the risk management organizational structure: the Company has established a risk
           management organizational structure (see diagram 1 below: risk management organizational structure)
           covering the decision-making level (the Board and the Audit Committee), the supervisory level (the audit
           and supervision department) and the executive level (the senior management and the management
           of each functional centers under the headquarter/subsidiaries), has segregated risk management
           responsibilities to define the risk management responsibilities and risk information reporting routes for
           management and various functional departments.




                                                 Board of Directors

                             Decision-
                            making body          Audit Committee


                                                                                                 Monitoring
                     Execution body
                                                                                                   body


                        Senior management at the headquarter

                                                                                        Audit and
     Headquarter
                                                                                       supervision
                    The head of the             Risk management                        department
                    13 centers at the          coordination position
                      headquarter                 of each center




                        The heads of the companies
                              in regions/cities

      Regions

                    The heads of business departments
                     of the companies in regions/cities




                               Diagram 1: Risk Management Organizational Structure




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018     47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


             The primary roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:


                          Roles                                    Major responsibilities

                                            •    To evaluate and determine the nature and extent of the risks
                                                 that the Company is willing to take when achieving the strategic
                                                 objectives
                         The Board
                                            •    To ensure that the effective risk management and internal control
                  (decision-making body)
                                                 systems are established and maintained
                                            •    To oversee management in the design, implementation and
                                                 monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems

                                            •    To review and formulate the framework of risk management
                                            •    To review and assess the framework of the Company’s risk
                                                 management on a regular basis
                                            •    To continuously monitor the scope of work of the risk management
                                                 system and the work of other assurance providers
                   The Audit Committee      •    To monitor the frequency of major control failures or weak points,
                  (decision-making body)         the extent of unforeseen consequences or emergencies resulted
                                                 therefrom, and the material impact that has caused, may have
                                                 caused or will cause on the financial performance or condition of
                                                 the Company
                                            •    To report any material risk management matters and recommend
                                                 solutions to the Board

                                            •    To make risk assessment on a regular basis according the
                                                 Company’s strategy, in order to formulate risk management
                The senior management at         measures
                    each headquarter     •       To design, implement and monitor the risk management and
                     (execution body)            internal control systems
                                         •       To confirm the effectiveness of risk management and internal
                                                 control systems with the Board

                                            •    To formulate and implement the risk response solutions for the
                  The management of the          respective business
                   headquarters and its     •    To promote and implement specific risk management measures
                        subsidiaries        •    To control various risks of the respective business and report risk
                     (execution body)            information to the senior management at headquarters in a timely
                                                 manner

                                            •    To coordinate and promote the establishment of the risk
                                                 management system
                  Audit and Supervision
                                            •    To coordinate and promote the implementation of risk
                       Department
                                                 assessments in each business center
                   (supervisory body)
                                            •    To supervise over the implementation of risk response and
                                                 monitoring in each business center




48   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                      Roles                                  Major responsibilities

                                      •    To work with the management of the headquarters and its
                                           subsidiaries, and to assist the Audit and Supervision Department to
           Risk management
                                           promote the establishment of the risk management system
      coordination position at each
                                    •      To assist the promotion of risk assessments in each business
       center of the headquarters
                                           center
            (execution body)
                                    •      To assist the supervision of the risk response and monitoring in
                                           each business center



2)   Develop risk assessment criteria: to establish the risk assessment criteria which are applicable to the
     Company, including strategy, finance, operation, personnel, compliance, security, reputation etc., based
     on the Company’s business nature and operational features, strategic goals as well as risk preference
     of the management, and to assess the risks that are most likely to affect the achievement of corporate
     objectives by using jointly identified assessment methods and criteria.

3)   Establish a risk management process: to establish a risk management process that includes the
     main steps of identification, assessment, response, monitoring and reporting (see diagram 2: main steps
     of the risk management process) and form a closed loop to continuously monitor and manage risks.
     Specifically, it includes, based on the business objectives of the Company, identifying the risk factors
     that affect the achievement of such business objectives and assessing the possibility and potential
     impact of each specific risk; streamlining and recording the existing specific risk response measures;
     and continuously monitoring and assessing the changes in risks and adjusting response measures in a
     timely manner.



          1                      2                 3                   4                    5

     Identification           Assessment        Response            Monitoring           Reporting




                       (See diagram 2: main steps of the risk management process)

4)   Determine the frequency of risk management review: to determine the frequency of the risk
     assessment and reporting of the Company (at least once a year), and to standardize the form and
     frequency of the report with above key elements through the Risk Management Manual of Country
     Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (《碧 桂 園 服 務 控 股 有 限 公 司 風 險 管 理 手 冊》).




                                                                                          Annual Report 2018     49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     2.   Implementation of corporate risk assessment in 2018

          In this year, based on the established risk management system above, the management has carried out the
          identification, assessment and analysis of major risks within the main scope of business of the Company
          with the assistance of external advisory bodies, conducted a comprehensive review of the risk management
          system, assessed the top ten risks that the Company was exposed to during the year and streamlined the
          current risk control measures and improvement plans.

          The management has reviewed the changes in the nature and extent of major risks that the Company
          is exposed to by adopting a systematic assessment method, identified the major risks faced by various
          departments and areas, streamlined the current condition of risk control and subsequent response measures
          and improvement plans, and reported the assessment results to the Audit Committee.

          The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, has reviewed and assessed the changes in the nature and
          extent of major risks, and completed the review of risk management system which was considered by it to
          be effective and adequate. The management will report major risks control situation to the Audit Committee
          through submitting a formal report each year.

     Internal Control

     CG Services has established an internal control system applicable to the Company by reference to the internal
     control management framework issued by COSO (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
     Commission). The control system includes a mature organization structure that clearly defines the powers and
     responsibilities of each department to protect assets from improper use, maintain proper accounts and ensure
     compliance with the rules.

     As an important part of risk management, the Company’s internal control system is established on the basis of
     various risks which the Company is exposed to. The management at the headquarter, regional subsidiaries and its
     various departments has designed and implemented a series of policies and procedures for the process related to
     finance, operation, compliance, and monitored the implementation and effects of such policies and procedures.

     The management has carried out internal control self-assessment, internal monitoring review and internal audit
     for eight identified areas and 57 key business processes, and formulated improvement plans to address the gaps
     and weaknesses identified in the process. The internal auditing function of the Company has conducted follow-up
     reviews periodically to ensure remedial actions are taken on a timely basis, and has reported the results of follow-
     up reviews to the Audit Committee.




50    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Summary of the Effectiveness of Review of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

During the review year, the Board has conducted a comprehensive review of the risk management and internal
control system of the Company, including the establishment of risk management system, 2018 risk assessment
and internal control review of key business processes. The period of this review covered the fiscal year of 2018 with
the scope covering the Company’s main business and all important control aspects, including financial monitoring,
operational monitoring and compliance monitoring, and took into account changes in the nature and severity of
major risks, as well as the Company’s ability to respond to changes in its business and external environment. The
Board considers that the Company has complied with the risk management and internal control provisions set out
in the Code of Corporate Governance and that the risk management and internal control systems are effective and
adequate.

The Board has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experiences of accounting, internal audit and
financing reporting functions, and the training programs for staff and the relevant budget, and the processes for
relevant financial reporting and compliance with listing rules, and considered them effective and adequate.

During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Audit Committee has reviewed reports from the Group’s risk
management and internal audit department and independent consultants with their findings and recommendations
for improvement. The external auditors have also reported any observations they identified in the course of their
work to the Group, and are satisfied that there is an ongoing process in place for identifying, evaluating and
managing the significant risks faced by the Group.

During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group has implemented procedures and internal controls for the
handling and dissemination of inside information. The Group:

•    has conducted its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the Listing Rules as well as the
     “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” published by the Securities and Futures Commission in June
     2012;

•    has established its own disclosure obligation procedures, which set out the procedures and controls for
     the assessment of potential inside information and the handling and dissemination of inside information.
     The procedures have been communicated to the senior management and staff of the Company, and their
     implementation was monitored by the Company; and

•    has mode broad, non-exclusive disclosure of information to the public through channels such as financial
     reports, public announcements and its website.


Joint Company Secretaries

The joint company secretaries of the Company are Mr. HUANG Peng, chief financial officer of the Company, and
Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong and external service provider. They have complied
with the relevant professional training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by taking not less than 15
hours of relevant professional training during the Year.

The primary contact person of the Company with Mr. LEUNG is Ms. LI Lin, the head of the Listing Company
Secretary Department of the Company.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     External Auditor and Auditor’s Remuneration

     The statement of the external auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the Company’s
     financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s
     Report” of this Annual Report.

     The fees paid/payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers, the Company’s auditor, in respect of audit and non-audit
     services for the year ended 31 December 2018 are analyzed below:


      Type of services provided by the external auditor                                             Amount (RMB)

      — Audit services in 2018
        Audit in relation to the listing of shares of the Company                                      3,400,000.00
        Annual audit and interim review services                                                       4,100,000.00
      — Non-audit services in 2018                                                                       620,000.00

      Total:                                                                                           8,120,000.00



     Constitutional Documents

     During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018, no amendment was made to the constitutional
     documents of the Company. A copy of the latest version is available on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.
     com) and the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).


     Communications with Shareholders and Investors

     Communications with Shareholders

     The Group recognizes the importance of transparent and timely disclosure of corporate information, which
     enables shareholders and investors to make the best investment decision. The Company believes that effective
     communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’ understanding of the
     Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has adopted a Shareholders Communication Policy
     with an aim of promoting and maintaining an ongoing communication with the shareholders and investors, under
     which procedures for shareholders sending enquiries and concerns to the Board and other policies concerning
     communication with shareholders and investors have been established. The policy is available at the Company’s
     website (www.bgyfw.com).

     The Company maintains a website (www.bgyfw.com) where information of the Group’s businesses and projects,
     key corporate governance policies and announcements, financial reports and other information are available for
     public access. Shareholders and investors may send written enquiries or requests to the Company as follows:

     Telephone: (852) 3692 5973
     Facsimile: 0757-2633 6002
     Email: irps@countrygarden.com.cn




52    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


General Meetings

General meetings serve as a communication platform where the Board can maintain a face-to-face dialogue with
shareholders and investors. Notice of the general meetings together with the shareholders circular and other
documents will be sent to shareholders at least 21 clear days and 20 clear business days for annual general
meeting and at least 14 clear days and 10 clear business days for extraordinary general meetings.

During the Year, one extraordinary general meeting was held. The chairman of the respective Board committees,
independent non-executive Directors, the company secretary and other external professionals were presented at
the extraordinary general meeting to answer questions raised by shareholders and investors at the meeting.


Shareholders’ Rights

To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions will be proposed at shareholders’ meetings
on each substantial issue, including the election of individual directors, for shareholders’ consideration and voting.
Shareholders of the Company may convene extraordinary general meetings or put forward to proposals at shareholders’
meetings as follows:

Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting at the Request of Shareholders

The Board may whenever it thinks fit call an extraordinary general meeting. Any one or more shareholder(s) holding
on the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying
the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the
Board or the company secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the
Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two
months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene
such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses
incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by
the Company.

Procedures for Putting Forward to Proposals at General Meetings by Shareholders

There are no provisions allowing shareholders to put forward new resolutions at general meetings under the
Companies Laws of Cayman Islands or the Articles of Association. Shareholders who wish to put forward a
resolution may request the Company to convene a general meeting following the procedures set out in the
preceding paragraph.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2018      53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board

     The Company has established various and a wide range of communication channels with shareholders. These
     include general meetings, annual and interim results, annual reports and interim reports, notices, announcements
     and circulars. In addition, the Company updates its website from time to time to keep the shareholders updated of
     the Company’s recent development. Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board
     in writing, the contact details of which are contained on the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com).

     For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must provide his/her/their full name(s), contact details and
     identifications, in the originally signed written requisition, notice or statement (as the case may be), in order to give
     effect thereto. Information of shareholder(s) may be disclosed as required by law.

     An up-to-date version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com)
     and the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk). Shareholders may refer to the Articles of Association for further
     details of the rights of shareholders.

     All resolutions put forward at shareholders’ meetings shall be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules. The
     poll voting results will be posted on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and the Stock Exchange
     (www.hkexnews.hk) after each of shareholders’ meeting.




54    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Board is pleased to present the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2018.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the provision
of property management services, community value-added services and value-added services to non-property
owners. An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2018 by principal activities is set out
in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 is set out in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income on page 79.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 is set out as below:

                                                                                                Page No. of the
                                                Section(s) in this Annual Report                 Annual Report
 a.   Fair review of the Company’s business     Management Discussion and Analysis                      12 to 27
 b.   Description of the principal risks and    Management Discussion and Analysis                      12 to 27
      uncertainties the Company is facing
 c.   Particulars of important events affecting Management Discussion and Analysis,                     26, 145
      the Company that have occurred since       Financial Statements Note 35
      the year ended 31 December 2018
 d.   Indication of likely future development   Management Discussion and Analysis                      12 to 27
      of the Company’s business
 e.   Analysis using financial key              Financial Summary and Management                         11 and
      performance indicators                      Discussion and Analysis                               12 to 27
 f.   Discussion on the Company’s               Company’s environmental policies and              Not applicable
      environmental policies and                 performance is described in the “Country
      performance                                Garden Services Sustainability Report 2018”
                                                 (a standalone report)
 g.   An account of the Company’s key           Management Discussion and Analysis and             12 to 27 and
      relationships with its employees,          Report of the Directors                               57 to 58
      customers and suppliers and others
      that have a significant impact on
      the Company and on which the
      Company’s success depend
 h.   Discussion on the Company’s               Corporate Governance Report and Report of the      35 to 54 and
      compliance with the relevant laws          Directors                                             55 to 72
      and regulations that have a significant
      impact on the Company




                                                                                               Annual Report 2018   55
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     FINAL DIVIDEND

     The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of RMB8.49 cents per share in the form of cash (2017:
     nil) for the year ended 31 December 2018 to Eligible Shareholders. The proposed final dividend shall be declared in
     RMB and paid in Hong Kong dollars. The final dividend payable in Hong Kong dollars will be converted from RMB
     at the central parity rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People’s Bank of China for the period
     from Wednesday, 22 May 2019 to Tuesday, 28 May 2019. It is expected that the final dividend warrants will be
     despatched to the Eligible Shareholders on or around Friday, 19 July 2019.


     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in note 22 to the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment during the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in
     note 15 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


     INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     Details of the movements in intangible assets of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in
     note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.


     BORROWINGS

     The Group had no borrowing during the year ended 31 December 2018.


     EQUITY LINKED AGREEMENT

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Pre-listing Share Option Scheme”, no equity linked agreements were
     entered into during or subsisted at the end of the year ended 31 December 2018.


     LISTING OF THE COMPANY

     The Company was originally owned by CG Holdings. In March 2018, CG Holdings submitted a proposal to the
     Stock Exchange in accordance with Practice Note 15 of the Listing Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
     Stock Exchange to demerge the Company for a separate listing by way of introduction. The proposal was approved
     by the Stock Exchange in June 2018.

     In March 2018, the Company submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to and was subsequently approved by
     the Stock Exchange to list by way of introduction of and permission to deal in the ordinary shares of US$ 0.0001
     each of the Company (“CG Services”) on the Main Board.




56    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The spin-off and separate listing of the Company was implemented by distribution in specie as a special interim
dividend by CG Holdings to its qualified shareholders on basis of 8.7 CG Holdings Share for every 1 CG Services
share held as at 13 June 2018. Upon completion of the Distribution, the Company becomes publicly listed on the
Main Board under stock code: 6098 on 19 June 2018.

Thereafter, CG Holdings has retained no interest in the issued share capital of the Company and the Company is no
longer a subsidiary of CG Holdings.


DONATIONS

The total donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2018 amounted to approximately
RMB48,000 (2017: approximately RMB339,000).


DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Pre-listing Share Option Scheme”, at no time during the year ended 31
December 2018 was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its holding companies a party to
any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures
of the Company or any body corporate.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 December 2018, the distributable reserve of the Company amounted to approximately RMB231,574,000
(2017: nil).

Details of the movements in reserves of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in note
33 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A financial summary of the Group for the financial years is set out on page 11 of this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For the year ended 31 December 2018, revenue attributable to the largest customer of the Group amounted to
approximately 16.8% of the total revenue of the year and the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less
than 30% of the Group’s revenue of the year.

For the year ended 31 December 2018, purchases attributable to the largest supplier of the Group amounted to
approximately 2.91% of the total purchases in the year and the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
less than 30% of the Group’s purchases in the year.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018   57
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS’ AND SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SUPPLIERS AND
     CUSTOMERS OF THE GROUP

     During the Reporting Period, Ms. YANG Huiyan, our ultimate controlling shareholder and non-executive director,
     was interested in 57.23% equity interest of CGH in aggregate. CG group is one of the Group’s five largest
     customers.

     In addition, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best
     knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any direct or
     indirect interest in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers.


     DIRECTORS

     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2018 and up to the date of this report were:

     Non-executive Directors
     Ms. YANG Huiyan (Chairman) (appointed on 9 March 2018)
     Mr. YANG Zhicheng (appointed on 9 March 2018)
     Ms. WU Bijun (appointed on 9 March 2018)

     Executive Directors
     Mr. LI Changjiang (General Manager) (appointed on 9 March 2018)
     Mr. XIAO Hua (appointed on 9 March 2018)
     Mr. GUO Zhanjun (appointed on 9 March 2018)

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. MEI Wenjue (appointed on 25 May 2018)
     Mr. RUI Meng (appointed on 25 May 2018)
     Mr. CHEN Weiru (appointed on 25 May 2018)

     In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles of Association of the Company, all Directors shall retire from office
     and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to
     be held on Monday, 20 May 2019.

     No Director proposed for re-election at the 2019 AGM has entered into a service contract with the Company or any
     of its subsidiaries or which is not determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation
     (other than statutory compensation).


     INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-
     executive Directors to be independent.




58    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Directors has entered into a service contract (for executive Directors and non-executive Directors) or
signed an appointment letter (for independent non-executive Directors) with the Company for a term of three years
with effect from 19 June 2018 (date of listing of the Company’s shares on Hong Kong Stock Exchange).

The service contracts of the executive Directors and the non-executive Directors may be terminated by the Director
himself with no less than thirty days’ written notice, and the appointment letter of the independent non-executive
Directors may be terminated by the Company or the Director himself with at least three months’ prior written notice
to the other party.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed under the paragraphes headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected
Transactions”, no other transactions, arrangements or contracts that is significant in relation to the Group’s
business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity
connected with a Director had, directly or indirectly, a material interest subsisted at the end of the year or at any
time during the year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts other than employment contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any
substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December
2018.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ASSOCIATES IN COMPETING
BUSINESS

During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018, none of the Directors or any of their respective
associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) was considered to be interested in any business which competes or is
likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

On 29 May 2018, Ms. YANG Huiyan, the controlling shareholder, has entered into a Deed of Non-competition in
favor of the Company.

Ms. YANG Huiyan has undertaken to us in the Deed of Non-Competition that she will not, and will procure her close
associates (as defined under the Listing Rules and excluding CGH and the CGH Group) not to directly or indirectly
be involved in or undertake any business (other than the Group’s business) that directly or indirectly competes, or
may compete, with the Group’s business, which includes providing property management services, community
value-added services, value-added services to non-property owners, and other services form an integrated service
offering to the customers and cover the entire value chain of property management (collectively referred to as the
“Restricted Activities”), or hold shares or interest in any companies or business that compete directly or indirectly
with the business engaged by the Group from time to time except where our controlling shareholders and their




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     59
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     close associates hold less than 5% of the total issued share capital of any company (whose shares are listed on the
     Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange) which is engaged in any business that is or may be in competition
     with any business engaged by any member of the Group and they do not control 10% or more of the composition
     of the board of directors of such company.

     For details of the Deed of Non-competition, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
     Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     The controlling shareholder, Ms. YANG Huiyan has provided the Company with a written confirmation dated on 26
     February 2019 pursuant to which Ms. YANG Huiyan confirms that, during the period from the Listing Date to 31
     December 2018 she and her close associates have fully complied with all terms and provisions of the Deed of Non-
     competition.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     The Articles of Association provide that every Director for the time being acting in relation to any of the affairs of
     the Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all
     actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act
     done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices
     or trusts. However, this indemnity does not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may
     attach to any of the said persons.

     During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018, the Company has taken out insurance for directors
     and senior management to provide appropriate protection for the Directors and senior management of the
     Company.

     The permitted indemnity provision was in force during the year ended 31 December 2018 for the benefit of the
     Directors.


     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE
     HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

     Details of the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, together with those of the five highest
     paid individuals of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in note 34 and note 10 to the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     The remuneration packages of individual Directors (including salaries and other benefits) is recommended by the
     remuneration committee of the Company for the Board’s approval, having regard to the Group’s results, Directors’
     performance, duties, etc.


     RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME

     Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 10 to the consolidated
     financial statements.




60    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONNECTED TRANSACTION

On 9 July 2018, CG Property Services entered into a share transfer agreement with CG Business Management, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of CGH, pursuant to which CG Business Management has agreed to sell and CG Property
Services has agreed to acquire 10% equity interest in Guangdong O-Home Technology Company Limited for a
consideration of RMB5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$5,915,410).

CG Property Services is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. CG Business Management is wholly-owned
by CGH, a 30%-controlled company of Ms. YANG Huiyan. Ms. YANG Huiyan is also a non-executive Director and a
substantial shareholder of the Company. As such, CG Business Management is an associate of Ms. YANG Huiyan
and thus a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the acquisition constitutes a connected transaction of
the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) exceed 0.1% but are below
5%, the acquisition is subject to reporting, annual review and announcement requirements but are exempt from the
independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Further details of the acquisition were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 9 July 2018.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Continuing Connected Transaction with Bright Scholar Group

On 22 August 2018, the Company entered into a Property Management Services Framework Agreement with the
Bright Scholar, which sets out the principal terms for the provision of property management services by the Group
to Bright Scholar Group in respect of the school campuses and dormitories of Bright Scholar Group, for a term
commencing on 22 August 2018 until 31 December 2020. The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions
contemplated under the Property Management Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ended
31 December 2020 are RMB7.6 million, RMB20 million and RMB40 million, respectively.

Bright Scholar is an indirect majority-controlled company of Ms. YANG Meirong, who is an aunt of Ms. YANG
Huiyan, a non-executive Director and a substantial shareholder of the Company. As such, Bright Scholar is a
connected person of the Company and the Property Management Services Framework Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereunder constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) exceed 0.1% but are
all below 5%, the Property Management Services Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereunder are subject to reporting, annual review and announcement requirements but are exempt from the
independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Further details of such agreement were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 22 August 2018.

For the year ended 31 December 2018, a total amount of RMB1.285 million was paid by Bright Scholar Group to
the Group under the Property Management Services Framework Agreement, and the amount did not exceed the
annual cap of RMB7.6 million.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     61
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Continuing Connected Transactions with CGH

     1.   Trademark Licencing Arrangement

          On 1 June 2018, a trademark licencing agreement was entered into between our Company and Shunbi
          Property and a deed of trademark licencing was entered into between the Company and CGH (the
          “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”), pursuant to which Shunbi Property agreed and CGH would procure
          Shunbi Property to irrevocably and unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use
          several trademarks registered in the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of
          the trademark licencing agreement and the deed of trademark licencing, which is subject to the renewal of the
          licenced trademarks, on a royalty-free basis.

          Details of the licenced trademarks are set forth in the section entitled “Appendix VI — General Information —
          B. Further Information about the Business of our Company — 2. Intellectual Property Rights of our Group” in
          the listing documents dated 6 June 2018.

          The Directors believe that the entering into of the Trademark Licencing Arrangement with a term of over three
          years can ensure the stability of our operations, and is beneficial to the Company and the shareholders as a
          whole.

          Shunbi Property, as the registered proprietor of the licenced trademarks, is an indirect wholly-owned
          subsidiary of CGH. CGH is an associate of Ms. YANG Huiyan, a non-executive director and a controlling
          shareholder of the Company, and therefore Shunbi Property is a connected person of our Company for the
          purpose of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement
          constitute continuing connected transactions of our Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

          As the rights to use the licenced trademark are granted to the Company on a royalty-free basis, the
          transactions under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement would be within the de minimus threshold
          provided under Rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules and would be exempt from the reporting, annual review,
          announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     2.   Master Property Lease Agreement

          On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a master property lease agreement with CGH (the “Master
          Property Lease Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company may lease the offices, community service
          centres, etc. of CGH Group, and the Master Property Lease Agreement has a term commencing from the
          Listing Date until 31 December 2020.

          The Directors estimate that the maximum annual fee payable by us under the Master Property Lease
          Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed RMB1.1 million, RMB1.6
          million and RMB2.2 million, respectively.

          As each of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the annual caps in relation to
          the Master Property Lease Agreement is expected to be less than 5% and the total consideration is less than
          HK$3,000,000 per annum, the transactions under the Master Property Leasing Arrangement will be exempt
          from the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements
          under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

          For details of the agreement, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
          Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.




62    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     In light of the business development of the Group, it is expected that existing annual caps will be insufficient
     to cover the expected transaction amounts for the lease of the offices, community service centres, etc.
     of CGH Group for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020. Therefore, the Group entered into a
     supplementary agreement with CGH on 14 December 2018, pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend
     the annual caps to RMB1.36 million, RMB1.8 million and RMB2.2 million, respectively. During the year ended
     31 December 2018, the total amount for the lease of the offices, community service centres, etc. of the CGH
     Group by the Company was RMB1.268 million, which did not exceed the cap of RMB1.36 million.

3.   Master Hotel Services Agreement

     On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a hotel services framework agreement (the “Master Hotel
     Services Agreement”) with CGH for a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2020.

     The Directors estimate that the maximum annual fee payable by us in relation to the hotel services under
     the Master Hotel Services Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed
     RMB4.1 million, RMB4.9 million and RMB5.8 million, respectively.

     As each of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the aggregated annual
     caps in relation to the hotel services is expected to be less than 25% and the total consideration is less than
     HK$10,000,000 per annum, the transactions under the Master Hotel Services Agreement will be exempt
     from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement but subject to the reporting, annual review and
     announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     For details of the agreement, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
     Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     During the year ended 31 December 2018, the total amount for the provision of hotel services to the CGH
     Group by the Group was RMB4.084 million, which did not exceeded the cap of RMB4.1 million.

4.   Master Engineering and Transportation Services Agreement

     On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a master engineering and transportation services agreement (the
     “Master Engineering and Transportation Services Agreement”) with CGH for a term commencing from
     the Listing Date until 31 December 2020. It is expected that the maximum annual fee payable in relation to
     the engineering and transportation services under the Engineering and Transportation Services Framework
     Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed RMB35.7 million, RMB41.1
     million and RMB48.3 million, respectively.

     As each of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the aggregated annual caps
     in relation to the engineering and transportation services, is expected to be less than 5%, the transactions
     under the Master Engineering and Transportation Services Agreement will be exempt from the independent
     shareholders’ approval requirement but subject to the reporting, annual review and announcement
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     For details of the agreement, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
     Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     For each of the two years ended 31 December 2017 and the seven months ended 31 July 2018, the
     expenses payable to the CGH Group by our Group for the engineering and transportation services amounted
     to approximately RMB38.9 million, RMB31.3 million and RMB23.7 million, respectively.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     63
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          In light of the business development of the Group, it is expected that existing annual caps will be insufficient
          to cover the expected transaction amounts under the engineering and transportation services for each of the
          three years ended 31 December 2020. Therefore, the Group entered into a supplementary agreement with
          the CGH Group on 18 September 2018, pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend annual caps to
          RMB54 million, RMB76.8 million and RMB79 million, respectively. During the year ended 31 December 2018,
          the total amount for the provision of the engineering and transportation services to the Group by the CGH
          Group was RMB49.418 million, which did not exceed the cap of RMB54 million.

          As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios calculated based on the highest revised annual cap
          exceed 0.1% but all of them are less than 5%, thus the supplementary agreement and the transactions
          contemplated thereunder are subject to the reporting, annual review and announcement requirements under
          Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but are exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirements.

          For details of the supplementary agreement, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 18
          September 2018.

     5.   Water Supply Services Agreement

          On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a water supply services agreement (the “Water Supply Services
          Agreement”) with Zengcheng Qingyuan* (增 城 清 源) for a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31
          December 2020.

          Zengcheng Qingyuan is indirectly owned as to 99% by Xizang Shengda Investment Centre (Limited
          Partnership)* (西 藏 聖 達 投 資 中 心(有 限 合 夥)), which is controlled by Ms. YANG Meirong (楊 美 容) (an aunt of
          Ms. YANG Huiyan, one of the controlling shareholders of the Company). Ms. YANG Meirong is a connected
          person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under the Water Supply
          Agreement will constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company under Chapter 14A of the
          Listing Rules upon Listing.

          The Directors estimate that the annual fee payable in relation to the water supply services under the Water
          Supply Services Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed RMB3.6
          million, RMB4.2 million and RMB4.2 million, respectively.

          As each of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the aggregated annual caps
          in relation to the water supply services is expected to be less than 25% and the total consideration is less
          than HK$10,000,000 per annum, the transactions under the Water Supply Services Agreement will be exempt
          from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement but subject to the reporting, annual review and
          announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

          For details of the agreement, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
          Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

          During the year ended 31 December 2018, the total amount for the provision of the water supply services to
          the Group by Zengcheng Qingyuan was RMB3.6 million, which did not exceed the cap of RMB3.6 million.

     6.   Master CGH Property Management Services Agreement

          On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a property management services framework agreement (the
          “Master CGH Property Management Services Agreement”) with CGH, which sets out the terms between
          the CGH Group and the Group on the property management services fee in respect of the unsold property
          units and the sold property units prior to the agreed delivery date set out on the property purchase contract
          for projects developed by the CGH Group and managed by the Company (the “CGH Property Management
          Services”), for a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2020.



64    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     The Directors estimate that the maximum annual fee payable by the CGH Group in relation to the CGH
     Property Management Services for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed
     RMB289.6 million, RMB355.3 million and RMB478.1 million, respectively.

     As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the aggregated
     annual caps in relation to the Master CGH Property Management Services Agreement are expected to be
     more than 5% on an annual basis, the transactions under the Master CGH Property Management Services
     Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company which are subject to the reporting,
     annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of
     the Listing Rules.

     For details of the agreement, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with our Controlling
     Shareholders” of the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     During the year ended 31 December 2018, the total property management service fee paid by the CGH
     Group to the Company was RMB264.517 million, which was below the cap of RMB289.6 million.

7.   Master Consultancy and Other Services Agreement

     On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a consultancy and other services framework agreement (the
     “Master Consultancy and Other Services Agreement”) with CGH, for a term commencing from the
     Listing Date until 31 December 2020, pursuant to which our Group agreed to provide consultancy services
     in relation to sales of properties and other services, including but not limited to consultancy services on
     the operational management of the on-site sales offices of the CGH Group, and cleaning services for the
     properties developed by the CGH Group before delivery to homeowners.

     The Directors expect that the maximum annual fee payable in relation to the services to be provided by our
     Group under the Master Consultancy and Other Services Agreement for each of the three years ended 31
     December 2020 will not exceed RMB395.6 million, RMB600.6 million and RMB882.3 million, respectively.

     As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios for the Master Consultancy and Other Services Agreement
     is expected to be more than 5% on an annual basis, the transactions under the Master Consultancy and
     Other Services Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company which are subject
     to the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     For details of the agreement, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with Our Controlling
     Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     For each of the two years ended 31 December 2017 and the seven months ended 31 July 2018, the amounts
     payable by the CGH Group to the Group for the consultancy and other services were approximately RMB162
     million, RMB228.1 million and RMB286 million, respectively.

     In light of business development of the Group, it is expected that the existing annual caps are insufficient
     to cover the expected transaction amounts under the consultancy and other services for each of the three
     years ended 31 December 2020. As such, the Group entered into a supplemental agreement with CGH
     on 18 September 2018, pursuant to which both parties agreed to revise the annual caps to RMB633.11
     million, RMB897.93 million and RMB1,007.42 million, respectively. During the year ended 31 December
     2018, the aggregate amount of consultancy and other services paid by the CGH Group to the Company was
     RMB476.178 million, which did not exceed the cap of RMB633.11 million.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     65
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) calculated based on
           the highest revised annual cap exceed 5%, the supplemental agreement and the transactions contemplated
           thereunder are subject to reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
           requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           For details of the supplemental agreement, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 18
           September 2018 and the circular of the Company dated 2 November 2018. The supplemental agreement and
           the transactions contemplated thereunder, including the revised annual caps, were formally approved by the
           independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 22 November 2018.

     8.    Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement

           On 18 September 2018, the Company entered into a Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework
           Agreement with CGH in relation to the provision of sales and leasing agency services in respect of unsold
           parking spaces and provision of sales agency services in respect of unsold property units of projects of
           the CGH Group, by the Group to the CGH Group for a term commencing on 18 September 2018 until
           31 December 2020. The annual caps of transactions contemplated under the Sales and Leasing Agency
           Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 are RMB120 million,
           RMB380 million and RMB450 million, respectively.

           As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) calculated based
           on the highest annual cap exceed 5%, the Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement
           and the transactions contemplated thereunder are subject to reporting, annual review, announcement and
           independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           The details of the agreement were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 18 September 2018
           and the circular of the Company dated 2 November 2018, and the agreement has been formally approved
           by the independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 22 November
           2018.

           During the year ended 31 December 2018, the total amount for the sales and leasing agency services paid to
           the Company by the CGH Group was RMB66.712 million, which did not exceed the cap of RMB120 million.


     REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     BY INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing
     connected transactions and confirmed that the continuing connected transactions have been entered into:

     (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     (2)   on normal commercial terms or better or, if there were not sufficient comparable transactions to judge
           whether they were on normal commercial terms or better, on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms
           available to or from independent third parties; and

     (3)   according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
           interests of the shareholders as a whole.




66    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
BY AUDITORS

In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers,
was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong
Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews
of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants.

The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing
connected transactions to be disclosed by the Group as below:

(1)   nothing has come to his attention that causes him to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
      transactions have not been approved by the Company’s Board of Directors;

(2)   for transactions involving the provision of services by the Group, nothing has come to his attention that
      causes him to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
      policies of the Group;

(3)   nothing has come to his attention that causes him to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all
      material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

(4)   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to
      his attention that causes him to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded
      the annual cap as set by the Company.

A copy of the auditor’s letter has been delivered by the Company to the Stock Exchange.


OTHERS

The connected transactions and continuing connected transactions disclosed above also constitute related
party transactions under the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards. A summary of significant related party
transactions made during the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018 is disclosed in Note 32 to the
financial statements.

Certain items under Note 32 to the financial statements also constitute connected/continuing connected
transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements as required by the Listing
Rules in relation to the aforementioned connected transactions/continuing connected transactions.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018     67
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
     POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
     THE COMPANY

     As at 31 December 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in
     the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning
     of Part XV of the SFO, which were required pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO to be entered in the register, or
     which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as
     follows:

     Long positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                    interests                            % of total
                                                                               in underlying                        Shares in issue
                                                                                 Shares held                                   as at
                                                              Number of         under equity                          31 December        Number of
       Name of Director       Capacity                       Shares held          derivatives              Total               2018 debentures held

       Ms. YANG Huiyan        Interest of controlled       1,444,985,624(1)                —      1,444,985,624              57.80%                   —
                                 corporations
       Ms. WU Bijun           Beneficial owner                   233,190(3)       12,964,000(2)      13,197,190               0.53%                   —
       Mr. LI Changjiang      Beneficial owner                        —           12,964,000(2)      12,964,000               0.52%                   —
       Mr. XIAO Hua           Beneficial owner                        37(3)        4,762,000(2)       4,762,037               0.19%                   —
       Mr. GUO Zhanjun        Beneficial owner                        —            4,699,000(2)       4,699,000               0.19%                   —


     Notes:

     (1)      As at 31 December 2018, Concrete Win, Genesis Capital, Sure Brilliant and Golden Value held 981,901,840 Shares, 326,436,781 Shares,
              125,000,000 Shares and 11,647,003 Shares, respectively. Concrete Win, Genesis Capital, Sure Brilliant and Golden Value are beneficially
              wholly-owned by Ms. YANG Huiyan. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. YANG Huiyan is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in
              which Concrete Win, Genesis Capital, Golden Value and Sure Brilliant were interested.

     (2)      The relevant interests are unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the Company’s Pre-listing Share Option Scheme. Upon
              exercise of the share options in accordance with the Pre-listing Share Option Scheme, the corresponding number of ordinary Shares of
              HK$0.94 each shall be issued by the Company. The share options are personal to relevant Directors.

     (3)      These Shares represent the Shares distributed to the Directors by virtue of the shares of CGH held by them prior to the spinoff and separate
              listing of the Shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

     (4)      According to the number of Shares of CG Services distributed after the spin-off, the actual number of Shares held by Concrete Win is
              1,078,901,838 Shares, the actual number of Shares held by Golden Value is 11,647,004 Shares and Genesis Capital held 326,436,781
              Shares. Therefore, the actual number of Shares held by Ms. YANG Huiyan is 1,416,985,623 Shares. On 16 January 2019, the Company
              made adjustment for this difference in the reporting of interests.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company
     (including their spouses and children under the age of 18) had any interest in, or had been granted any right to
     subscribe for the Shares and options of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the
     SFO), or had exercised any such rights.




68     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS
DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE SFO

As at 31 December 2018, as set out in the register kept under Section 336 of the SFO, the following companies
and persons (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) had interest or short position in the
Shares and underlying Shares which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO:

                                                                                                         Approximate %
                                                                                         Number of      of interest in the
                                                                                        Shares held      total number of             Interest of
  Name of Shareholder              Capacity                                            or interested     Shares in issue             derivatives

  Concrete Win                     Beneficial owner                                    981,901,840(L)              39.28%                     —
  Genesis Capital                  Beneficial owner                                    326,436,781(L)              13.06%                     —
  Sure Brilliant                   Beneficial owner                                    125,000,000(L)                  5%                     —
  Mr. CHEN Chong(1)                Interest of spouse                                1,444,985,624(L)               57.8%                     —
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.(2)          Interest of controlled corporation/                 125,384,014(L)               5.01%           2,070,908(L)
                                      Investment manager/                                6,003,684(S)               0.24%           3,817,364(S)
                                      Person having a security interest in shares/      87,734,145(P)               3.50%
                                      Approved lending agent


Notes:

L — long position, S — short position, P — lending pool

(1)      By virtue of the SFO, Mr. CHEN Chong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by his spouse, Ms. YANG Huiyan, whose interests
         are disclosed in the above section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and
         Debentures of the Company”.

(2)      As shown in the disclosed information, these Shares are held by JF Asset Management Limited, a corporation held indirectly by JPMorgan
         Chase & Co. as to 99.99% control, and by other corporations held directly or indirectly as to 100% control. In addition, JPMorgan Chase
         & Co. holds 2,000 Shares (short positions) as cash-settled listed derivatives, 2,070,908 Shares (long positions) and 956,078 shares (short
         positions) as cash-settled unlisted derivatives, and 2,861,286 Shares (short positions) as physically settled unlisted derivatives.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, the Company has not been notified of any other person (other
than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who was recorded in the register of the Company as having
an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed
to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018          69
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     PRE-LISTING SHARE OPTION SCHEME

     On 13 March 2018, a pre-listing share option scheme was adopted by the then shareholders of the Company.

     On 21 May 2018, share options for 132,948,000 Shares with a fair value on the grant date of approximately
     HK$108,375,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB86,667,000) were granted by the Company to eligible
     participants in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme.

                                                                               Options to subscribe for Shares
                                    As at                                                                  As at
                                1 January       Granted    Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed 31 December     Exercise
       Category and                  2018     during the   during the    during the during the             2018  price per        Date of
       name of grantee        Outstanding          Year2        Year          Year           Year Outstanding Share (HK$)          grant3   Exercise period

       Director
       Ms. WU Bijun                     —    12,964,000            —            —             —     12,964,000        0.940    21.05.2018   Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                              20.05.2023
       Mr. LI Changjiang                —    12,964,000            —            —             —     12,964,000        0.940    21.05.2018   Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                              20.05.2023
       Mr. Xiao Hua                     —      4,762,000           —            —             —      4,762,000        0.940    21.05.2018   Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                              20.05.2023
       Mr. GUO Zhanjun                  —      4,699,000           —            —             —      4,699,000        0.940    21.05.2018   Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                              20.05.2023
       Sub-total                        —    35,389,000            —            —             —     35,389,000

       Other participants               —    97,559,000            —            —             —     97,559,000        0.940    21.05.2018   Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                              20.05.2023

       Sub-total                        —    97,559,000            —            —             —     97,559,000

       Total                            — 132,948,000              —            —             — 132,948,000

     Notes:

     (1)       Subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, the vesting date shall be the date on which the auditors’ report of the Company
               for the relevant financial year was issued. (a) for the purpose of the financial year in which the Shares were listed on the Main Board of the
               Stock Exchange on the Listing Date, 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant
               grantees; (b) for the financial year immediately following the Listing Date, 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share
               options will be vested to the relevant grantees; and (c) for the second financial year following the Listing Date, 30% of the total number of
               Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees.

     (2)       The closing price of the Shares of the Company immediately preceding the grant date of 21 May 2018 is not applicable as the Shares of the
               Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 19 June 2018.

     (3)       The expense of share options charged to profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2018 was approximately RMB20.5 million. The
               relevant accounting policy is described in Note 2.20 ‘Share-based payments’ of the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the
               year ended 31 December 2018.



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance
     Report contained in this annual report.




70     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
The Company was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 19 June 2018. Based on the information
that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, as at the date of this annual
report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles and there was no restriction against such rights under
the laws of Cayman Islands.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES
During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2018, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


AUDITORS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers. A resolution for the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s
auditor for the ensuing year is to be proposed at the 2019 AGM. The Company has not changed its auditor during
any of the past three years.


CONSULTING PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVISERS

The Company’s shareholders are recommended to consult professional advisers if they are in any doubt as to
the tax implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in or the exercise of any rights in relation to the
Company’s shares.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For the purposes of determining the eligibility of the shareholders to attend, speak and vote at the 2019 AGM, and
the Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the Register of Members will be closed as
appropriate as set out below:

(i)   For determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the 2019 AGM:

       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for              At 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 14 May 2019
         registration with the Company’s Hong Kong
         branch share registrar and transfer office
       Record Date                                              Tuesday, 14 May 2019
       Closure of the register of members                       Wednesday,15 May 2019 to Monday, 20 May 2019
                                                                  (both days inclusive)




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018     71
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     (ii)   Subject to the passing of the proposal of distributing the final dividend at the 2019 AGM, for determining the
            Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend:

             Latest time to lodge transfer documents for             At 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 24 May 2019
               registration with the Company’s Hong Kong
               branch share registrar and transfer office
             Closure of the register of members                      Monday, 27 May 2019 to Tuesday, 28 May 2019
                                                                       (both days inclusive)
             Record Date                                             Tuesday, 28 May 2019


     For purposes mentioned above, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share
     certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer
     office, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong no later
     than the aforementioned latest time.




     For and on behalf of the Board
     LI Changjiang
     Executive Director

     Hong Kong, 19 March 2019




72     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                       Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion

What we have audited


The consolidated financial statements of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 79 to 145, which comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2018;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting
     policies.

Our opinion


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence


We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018      73
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.

     The key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

     •       Assessment of the expected credit losses of trade receivables

     •       Purchase price allocation for business combinations


         Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


         Assessment of the expected credit losses of               We have performed the following procedures to
         trade receivables                                         address this key audit matter:

         Refer to note 4 ‘Critical accounting estimates and        (i)     Understood,        evaluated and     tested
         judgments’ and note 20 ‘Trade and other receivables’              management’s key controls in relation to the
         to the consolidated financial statements.                         assessment of the expected credit losses of
                                                                           trade receivables.
         As at 31 December 2018, gross trade receivables
         amounted to RMB600,650,000, which represented             (ii)    Assessed the appropriateness of the credit
         approximately 11% of the total assets of the Group.               loss provisioning methodology adopted by
         Management has assessed the expected credit losses                management.
         of the trade receivables and RMB33,166,000 of loss
         allowance was made against the trade receivables as       (iii)   Assessed the reasonableness of the estimated
         at 31 December 2018.                                              credit loss rates by considering historical cash
                                                                           collection performance and movements of
         Management assessed the expected credit losses of                 the aging of trade receivables, and taking into
         trade receivables based on assumptions about risk                 account the market conditions.
         of default and expected credit loss rates. The Group
         used judgement in making these assumptions and            (iv)    Tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of
         selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation,               aging analysis of trade receivables prepared by
         based on the Group’s past history, aging profile of               management.
         the receivables, existing market conditions as well as
         forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting    (v)     Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
         period.                                                           calculation of the provision for loss allowance.

         Given the magnitude of the balance of trade               We found that the significant judgements and
         receivables and that the assessment of the expected       estimates made by management in relation to the
         credit losses of trade receivables involved significant   assessment of the expected credit losses of trade
         judgments and estimates made by management, we            receivables were properly supported by available
         consider the assessment of the expected credit losses     evidences.
         of trade receivables a key audit matter.




74       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report



Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Purchase price          allocation      for    business      We have performed the following procedures to
combinations                                                 address this key audit matter:

Refer to note 31 ‘Business combinations’ to the              (i)     Assessed the competency, objectivity and
consolidated financial statements.                                   independence of the external valuer appointed by
                                                                     management.
During the year ended 31 December 2018, the
Group completed acquisitions of several property             (ii)    Discussed with management and assessed the
management companies which have been                                 reasonableness of the key assumptions used
consolidated by the Group since their respective                     in the cash flow forecasts for the valuation of
acquisition dates. Management has engaged an                         the identified property management contracts
independent qualified valuer to assist them in                       and customer relationships (mainly gross profit
identifying the intangible assets and to perform the                 margin, EBITDA margin and the expected useful
valuations of the identified assets and liabilities of the           lives of the property management contracts and
acquired companies at their respective acquisition                   customer relationships) by comparing these
dates, based on which, management performed a                        assumptions against the relevant historical data
purchase price allocation exercise for each acquisition,             of these acquired companies and market data,
which resulted in recognition of intangible assets                   where applicable.
of RMB154,689,000, being the identified property
management contracts and customer relationships,             (iii)   Engaged our in-house valuation experts to
and goodwill of RMB505,362,000, being the excess                     perform the following procedures:
of considerations transferred and the amount of non-
controlling interests in the acquirees over the fair value           —    evaluate the appropriateness of        the
of identified net assets acquired.                                        valuation methodologies adopted         by
                                                                          management;
Significant judgements and estimates were involved
in the fair value assessment of the identified                       —    assess the reasonableness of the discount
property management contracts and customer                                rates used by management; and
relationships and the recognition of goodwill arising
from the business combinations. These significant                    —    review the sensitivity analysis over the
judgements and estimates include the adoption of                          discount rates performed by management.
appropriate valuation methodologies and the use of
key assumptions in the valuation (mainly gross profit        (iv)    Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
margin, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and              calculations of the fair value of the identified
amortisation (“EBITDA”) margin, discount rates and                   property management contracts and customer
expected useful lives of the property management                     relationships and goodwill.
contracts and customer relationships).
                                                             We found that the significant judgements and
We consider this area a key audit matter given the           estimates involved in the fair value assessment of
magnitude of the identified property management              the identified property management contracts and
contracts and customer relationships and goodwill            customer relationships and the recognition of goodwill
recognised arising from the business combinations,           arising from the business combinations were properly
and the significant judgements and estimates involved        supported by available evidences.
in the fair value assessment of the identified property
management contracts and customer relationships
and the recognition of goodwill arising from the
business combinations.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018   75
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     Other Information

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
     information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
     thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
     information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated
     Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
     a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
     error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
     have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




76    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
     that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
     in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
     events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018      77
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
     our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
     communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
     outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Cheung Siu Cheong.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, 19 March 2019




78    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                         COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                        2018             2017
                                                          Note      RMB’000          RMB’000

 Revenue                                                   6        4,675,287           3,121,852
 Cost of services                                         6, 9     (2,913,665)         (2,086,266)

 Gross profit                                                       1,761,622           1,035,586
 Selling and marketing expenses                            9          (26,639)              (9,351)
 General and administrative expenses                       9         (759,735)           (455,272)
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                            (13,392)              (4,171)
 Other income                                              7           31,112              13,067
 Other gains — net                                         8           19,181                1,272

 Operating profit                                                   1,012,149             581,131
 Finance income                                           11           53,845              35,185
 Finance costs                                                             —                 (190)

 Finance income — net                                                 53,845               34,995
 Share of results of joint ventures                       18           6,211                   991
 Share of results of associates                                       (2,818)               (8,920)

 Profit before income tax                                           1,069,387             608,197
 Income tax expense                                       12         (135,177)           (167,734)

 Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                  934,210              440,463

 Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to:
   — Owners of the Company                                           923,154              401,743
   — Non-controlling interests                                        11,056               38,720

                                                                     934,210              440,463

 Earnings per share attributable to owners of the
   Company (expressed in RMB cents per share)
   — Basic                                                13            36.93               16.07
   — Diluted                                              13            36.53               16.07




The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2018   79
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                  2018             2017
                                                        Note   RMB’000          RMB’000

     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                      15      112,981          78,575
     Intangible assets                                  16      686,307          20,858
     Investments in joint ventures                      18       27,025          13,834
     Investments in associates                                       —            4,426
     Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                               15,558             174
     Deferred income tax assets                         27        3,363           3,702
     Other non-current assets                                     5,854              —

                                                                851,088         121,569

     Current assets
     Inventories                                                   8,460          6,123
     Trade and other receivables                        20       788,059        712,334
     Restricted bank deposits                           21         5,366          2,797
     Cash and cash equivalents                          21     3,868,921      2,634,297

                                                               4,670,806      3,355,551

     Total assets                                              5,521,894      3,477,120




80   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                              Note            RMB’000          RMB’000

 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                                 22                 1,584                    —
 Other reserves                                                23               601,003               500,142
 Retained earnings                                             24             1,658,200               921,031

                                                                              2,260,787             1,421,173

 Non-controlling interests                                                          68,919            120,933


 Total equity                                                                 2,329,706             1,542,106


 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Deferred income tax liabilities                               27                   65,044             14,456

 Current liabilities
 Contract liabilities                                           6             1,000,156               556,880
 Trade and other payables                                      26             2,060,176             1,314,905
 Current income tax liabilities                                                  66,812                48,773

                                                                              3,127,144             1,920,558

 Total liabilities                                                            3,192,188             1,935,014

 Total equity and liabilities                                                 5,521,894             3,477,120


The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

The financial statements on pages 79 to 145 were approved by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2019 and were
signed on its behalf.




                           LI Changjiang                              GUO Zhanjun
                              Director                                   Director




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018   81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                                                     Other     Retained                     controlling
                                                                 Share capital    reserves     earnings        Total          interests Total equity
                                                         Note       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

      Balance at 1 January 2017                                            —       454,914       564,516     1,019,430         63,913      1,083,343
      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                                                   —            —       401,743         401,743       38,720       440,463

      Transactions with owners of the Company
      Capital injection from non-controlling interests                      —            —            —               —        10,145        10,145
      Non-controlling interests arising from
        business combination                                                —           —             —               —          8,155        8,155
      Appropriation of statutory reserves                 23                —       45,228       (45,228)             —             —            —

                                                                            —       45,228       (45,228)             —        18,300        18,300

      Balance at 31 December 2017                                           —      500,142       921,031     1,421,173        120,933      1,542,106

      Balance at 1 January 2018                                             —      500,142       921,031     1,421,173        120,933      1,542,106
      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                                                   —            —       923,154         923,154       11,056       934,210

      Transactions with owners of the Company
      Issue of shares                                     22            1,584            —            —            1,584            —          1,584
      Effect of the Reorganisation                         1               —             (2)          —               (2)           —             (2)
      Acquisition of non-controlling interests            30               —        (11,759)          —          (11,759)     (103,441)     (115,200)
      Employee share schemes — value of
         employee services                               10,25              —       20,537            —           20,537            —         20,537
      Capital injection from non-controlling interests                      —           —             —               —          8,825         8,825
      Non-controlling interests arising from
         business combination                             31                —           —             —               —         33,241        33,241
      Appropriation of statutory reserves                 23                —       92,085       (92,085)             —             —             —
      Dividends                                           14                —           —        (93,900)        (93,900)       (1,695)      (95,595)

      Total transactions with owners                                    1,584      100,861      (185,985)        (83,540)      (63,070)     (146,610)

      Balance at 31 December 2018                                       1,584      601,003     1,658,200     2,260,787          68,919     2,329,706




     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.




82    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                         CASH FLOWS
                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2018             2017
                                                                  Note        RMB’000          RMB’000

 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                   28          1,661,547            1,035,872
 Income tax paid                                                               (112,871)            (150,531)

 Net cash generated from operating activities                                 1,548,676              885,341

 Cash flows from investing activities
 Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired   31            (403,840)              (4,091)
 Payments for investments in joint ventures                       18              (6,000)                (500)
 Payments for investments in associates                                               —                (6,000)
 Purchases of property, plant and equipment                       15             (61,987)            (54,753)
 Purchases of intangible assets                                   16             (16,325)              (4,729)
 Payments for other non-current assets                                            (7,574)                  —
 Payments for financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss                                                              (242,000)                   —
 Payments for financial assets at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                   (10,844)               (174)
 Proceeds from disposal of investments in associates              8               13,550                  —
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment          28               8,293               2,261
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                                               410                    —
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                                      315,949                     —
 Investment income from financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                         7              9,368                   —
 Repayments by related parties                                                  233,489                  314
 Interest received                                                               53,845               35,185

 Net cash used in investing activities                                          (113,666)            (32,487)

 Cash flows from financing activities
 Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                  8,825              10,145
 Issue of shares                                                                   1,584                   —
 Repayments of borrowings                                                             —                (2,946)
 Interest paid                                                                        —                  (190)
 Acquisition of non-controlling interests                         30            (115,200)                  —
 Dividends paid to the then shareholder of the Company                           (93,900)                  —
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                      (1,695)                  —

 Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                         (200,386)              7,009

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    1,234,624              859,863
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                           2,634,297            1,774,434

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                 3,868,921            2,634,297


The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



                                                                                            Annual Report 2018   83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     1. General information and reorganisation

        1.1   General information

              Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman
              Islands on 24 January 2018 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law
              (Cap. 22, Law 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.

              The address of the Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand
              Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

              The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are
              principally engaged in provision of property management services, community value-added services and
              value-added services to non-property owners in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) (the “Listing
              Business”).

              The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
              (the “Stock Exchange”) on 19 June 2018 (the “Listing”).

              On 29 May 2018, the board of directors of Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CGH”)
              declared a special dividend to be satisfied wholly by way of a distribution in specie to its then qualifying
              shareholders of an aggregate of 2,500,000,000 shares of the Company, representing the entire issued
              share capital of the Company (Note 22), in proportion to their shareholdings in CGH as at 13 June
              2018 (the “CGH Distribution”). The CGH Distribution was completed upon the Listing. Prior to the
              CGH Distribution, the immediate holding company of the Company was Wise Fame Group Limited
              (“Wise Fame”); after the CGH Distribution, the Company has no immediate holding company and it is
              ultimately controlled by Ms. Yang Huiyan.

              These consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 are presented in
              Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated. These consolidated financial statements have been
              approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2019.

        1.2   Group reorganisation

              Prior to the incorporation of the Company and the completion of the reorganisation as described
              below (the “Reorganisation”), the Listing Business was operated through United Gain Group Limited
              (“United Gain”) and its subsidiaries in the PRC. United Gain was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
              and is an investment holding company. The ultimate holding company of United Gain was CGH.

              In preparation for the initial listing of the Company’s shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
              the Reorganisation was undertaken pursuant to which United Gain and its subsidiaries, engaged in the
              Listing Business, were transferred to the Company. The Reorganisation involved the following:

              (1)   On 24 January 2018, the Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted
                    company with limited liability. As at the date of incorporation, the authorised share capital of
                    the Company was Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 380,000 divided into 3,800,000 ordinary shares
                    of HKD0.10 each, among which one nil-paid share was issued and held by Wise Fame, a
                    wholly-owned subsidiary of CGH.




84   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1. General information and group reorganisation (Continued)

   1.2   Group reorganisation (Continued)

         (2)   On 24 January 2018, Tibet Shunqi Investment Center LLP (西 藏 順 琪 投 資 中 心 (有 限 合 夥))
               (“Tibet Shunqi”) transferred its 4% and 4% equity interest in Guangdong Country Garden Property
               Services Co., Ltd. (廣 東 碧 桂 園 物 業 服 務 股 份 有 限 公 司) (“CG Property Services”) to Foshan
               Country Garden Management Services Company Limited (佛 山 市 碧 桂 園 管 理 服 務 有 限 公 司)
               (“CG Management Services”) and Foshan Country Garden Management Consultation Company
               Limited (佛 山 市 碧 桂 園 管 理 顧 問 有 限 公 司) (“CG Management Consultation”) at a consideration of
               RMB57,600,000 and RMB57,600,000, respectively. The considerations were fully paid in February
               2018. Upon completion of such transfer, CG Property Services, which is a holding company of
               all the PRC operating subsidiaries engaged in the Listing Business, is owned as to 50% by CG
               Management Services and 50% by CG Management Consultation.

         (3)   On 5 February 2018, Country Garden Property Services HK Holdings Company Limited (碧 桂 園
               物 業 香 港 控 股 有 限 公 司) (“CG Property Services HK”) was incorporated in Hong Kong. The initial
               issued and paid-up share capital was one share at HKD1.00 and held by United Gain.

         (4)   On 6 March 2018, the Company acquired 100% of the issued share capital of United Gain from
               Wise Fame at a consideration of United States Dollar (“USD”) 200. The consideration was satisfied
               by (i) crediting as fully-paid at par the nil-paid share held by Wise Fame in the Company and
               (ii) allotting and issuing one new share, credited as fully paid at par, of the Company to Wise Fame.

         (5)   On 7 March 2018, CG Property Services HK acquired 100% of the equity interest in CG
               Management Services and CG Management Consultation from United Gain, at a consideration of
               RMB6,150,000 and RMB6,150,000, respectively. The consideration was satisfied by the allotment
               and issue of a total of two shares of CG Property Services HK to United Gain on 13 March 2018.

         Upon completion of the above transfers, the Company became the holding company of United Gain and
         the companies now comprising the Group.


2. Summary of significant accounting policies

   This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated
   financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless
   otherwise stated.

   2.1   Basis of preparation

         The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all
         applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”). The consolidated financial statements
         have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of financial
         assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at fair value through profit
         or loss, which are carried at fair value.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018     85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

        2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

              The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
              accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgments in the process of applying
              the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgments or complexity, or
              areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are
              disclosed in Note 4.

              2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures

                   (a)   The adoption of the amendments to HKFRSs effective for the financial year ending 31
                         December 2018 did not have a material impact to the Group.

                         The Group has early adopted HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” and HKFRS 15 “Revenue
                         from Contracts with Customers” in previous years as disclosed in the listing documents of
                         the Company dated 6 June 2018.

                   (b)   New standards and amendments to existing standards which have been issued but not yet
                         effective and have not been early adopted by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                 Effective for the
                                                                                                    financial year
                                                                                                        beginning
                                                                                                       on or after

                          HKFRS 16                         Leases                                  1 January 2019
                          HKFRIC 23                        Uncertainty over income tax             1 January 2019
                                                             treatment
                          Amendments to HKFRS 9            Prepayment features with negative       1 January 2019
                                                             compensation
                          Amendments to HKAS 19            Plan amendment, curtailment or          1 January 2019
                                                             settlement
                          Amendments to HKAS 28            Long-term interests in associates       1 January 2019
                                                             and joint ventures
                          Annual improvements                                                      1 January 2019
                            2015–2017
                          HKFRS 17                         Insurance contract                      1 January 2021
                          Amendments to HKFRS 10           Sale or contribution of assets        To be determined
                            and HKAS 28                      between an investor and its
                                                             associates or joint ventures


                         The above new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are effective for
                         annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and have not been applied in preparing
                         these consolidated financial statements. The Group’s assessment of the impact of these new
                         standards and interpretations is set out below.




86   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

   2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)


         2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)

              HKFRS 16 Leases

              Nature of change

              HKFRS 16 was issued in January 2016. It will result in almost all leases being recognised on the
              consolidated balance sheet by lessees, as the distinction between operating and finance leases
              is removed. Under the new standard, an asset (the right to use the leased item) and a financial
              liability to pay rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are short-term and low-value leases.

              Impact

              The Group has set up a project team which has reviewed all of the Group’s leasing arrangements
              over the last year in light of the new lease accounting rules in HKFRS 16. The standard will affect
              primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases.

              As at the reporting date, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of
              RMB10,366,000, see Note 29 below. Of these commitments, approximately RMB638,000 relate
              to short-term leases and RMB1,237,000 relate to low value leases which will both be recognised
              on a straight-line basis as expense in profit or loss.

              For the remaining lease commitments the Group expects to recognise right-of-use assets
              of approximately RMB7,505,000 on 1 January 2019 and lease liabilities of approximately
              RMB7,505,000.

              The Group expects that the impact on net profit will decrease by approximately RMB1,361,000 for
              2019 due to the amortisation of right-of-use assets and interest recognised on lease liability under
              the new rules.

              Operating cash flows will increase and financing cash flows will decrease by approximately
              RMB4,144,000 as repayment of the principal portion of the lease liabilities will be classified as
              cash flows used in financing activities.

              The Group currently has no lessor business.

              Date of adoption by Group

              The Group will apply the standard from its mandatory adoption date of 1 January 2019. The Group
              intends to apply the simplified transition approach and will not restate comparative amounts for the
              year prior to first adoption. Right-of-use assets for property leases will be measured on transition
              as if the new rules had always been applied. All other right-of-use assets will be measured at the
              amount of the lease liability on adoption (adjusted for any prepaid or accrued lease expenses).

              There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that would be expected to have a
              material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on the foreseeable
              future transactions.


                                                                                              Annual Report 2018     87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

        2.2   Subsidiaries


              2.2.1 Consolidation

                   A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The
                   Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                   involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                   entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
                   They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                   (a)   Business combination not under common control

                         The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations not under
                         common control. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair
                         values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree
                         and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the
                         fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement.
                         Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business
                         combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

                         The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-
                         acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership
                         interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the
                         event of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the present ownership interests’
                         proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All
                         other components of non-controlling interests are measured at their acquisition date fair
                         value, unless another measurement basis is required by HKFRS.

                         Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                         If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the
                         acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the
                         acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised in profit
                         or loss.

                         Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the
                         acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that
                         is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration
                         that is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for
                         within equity.

                         The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                         acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree
                         over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total
                         of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest
                         measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of
                         a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in profit or loss.




88   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

   2.2   Subsidiaries (Continued)


         2.2.1 Consolidation (Continued)

               (a)   Business combination not under common control (Continued)

                     Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                     companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                     provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts
                     reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform to the Group’s accounting policies.

               (b)   Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

                     Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted
                     for as equity transactions — that is, as transactions with the owners of the subsidiary in their
                     capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the
                     relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in
                     equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.

               (c)   Disposal of subsidiaries

                     When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to
                     its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognised
                     in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
                     accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In
                     addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of
                     that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
                     liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
                     are reclassified to profit or loss.

   2.3   Associates and joint arrangements

         (a)   Associates

               Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
               control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting
               rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after
               initially being recognised at cost.

         (b)   Joint arrangements

               Investment in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures. The
               classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor. The Group
               assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and determined them to be joint ventures. Joint
               ventures are accounted for using the equity method.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018      89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

        2.3   Associates and joint arrangements (Continued)

              (c)   Equity accounting

                    Under the equity method of accounting, the investment is initially recognised at cost and adjusted
                    thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee
                    in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the
                    investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and
                    joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                    When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its
                    interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not
                    recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
                    other entity.

                    Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
                    eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also
                    eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
                    Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure
                    consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                    The carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognise the investor’s share of the profit or
                    loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. The Group’s investments in associates and joint
                    ventures include goodwill identified on acquisition. Upon the acquisition of the ownership interest
                    in an associate or a joint venture, any difference between the cost of the associate or joint venture
                    and the Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate’s or joint venture’s identifiable assets
                    and liabilities is accounted for as goodwill.

                    The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with
                    the policy described in Note 2.9.

              (d)   Changes in ownership interests

                    When the Group ceases to equity account for an investment because of a loss of joint control
                    or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the
                    change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value becomes the initial carrying
                    amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as a financial
                    asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect
                    of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
                    liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
                    reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
                    applicable HKFRSs.

                    If the ownership interest in an associate or joint venture is reduced but significant influence or
                    joint control is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other
                    comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

                    Gain or losses on dilution of equity interest in associates and joint ventures are recognised in profit
                    or loss.


90   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

   2.4   Separate financial statements

         Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
         costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
         dividend received and receivable.

         Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
         investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
         dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
         exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
         including goodwill.

   2.5   Segment reporting

         Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
         chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”), who is responsible for
         allocating resources, assessing performance of the operating segments, and has been identified as the
         executive directors of the Company that make strategic decisions.

   2.6   Foreign currency translation


         (a)   Functional and presentation currency

               Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
               the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
               currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Group’s
               presentation currency.

         (b)   Transactions and balances

               Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
               at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains
               and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end
               exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are generally
               recognised within ‘other gains — net’ in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.

         (c)   Group companies

               The results and financial position of all group entities (none of which has the currency of a
               hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
               of RMB are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

               •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at
                    the date of that balance sheet




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018     91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

        2.6   Foreign currency translation (Continued)


              (c)   Group companies (Continued)

                    •    income and expenses for each consolidated statement of comprehensive income are
                         translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                         cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                         expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                    •    all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                    On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
                    foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such
                    investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income.

        2.7   Property, plant and equipment

              Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation, net of any impairment
              losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the
              items.

              Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
              appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
              the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
              accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance
              are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

              Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net
              of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives as follows:

                                                                                                            Useful lives

              Machinery                                                                                       5–10 years
              Transportation equipment                                                                        5–10 years
              Electronic equipment                                                                               5 years
              Office equipment                                                                                   5 years


              The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
              reporting period.

              An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
              amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

              Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
              are recognised within ‘other gains — net’ in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.




92   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

   2.8   Intangible assets

         (a)   Goodwill

               Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
               transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair
               value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets
               acquired.

               For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated
               to each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit
               from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is
               allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
               management purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.

               Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes
               in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the
               goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair
               value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not
               subsequently reversed.

         (b)   Software

               Acquired software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring
               to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives (3 to
               10 years).

               Costs associated with maintaining software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.

         (c)   Property management contracts and customer relationships

               Property management contracts and customer relationships acquired in business combinations
               are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The property management contracts
               and customer relationships have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated
               amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful
               lives of the contracts (6 to 9 years).

   2.9   Impairment of non-financial assets

         Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and
         are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
         that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes
         in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
         recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
         The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
         For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are
         separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets
         or groups of assets (CGU). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are
         reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018      93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

        2.10 Financial assets

              2.10.1 Classification

                     The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                     •    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                          income, or through profit or loss), and

                     •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

                     The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and
                     the contractual terms of the cash flows.

                     For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or
                     other comprehensive income. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the
                     business model in which the investment is held. For investments in equity instruments, this will
                     depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition
                     to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.

                     The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                     those assets changes.

              2.10.2 Recognition and derecognition

                     Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
                     which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when
                     the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred
                     and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

              2.10.3 Measurement

                     At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case
                     of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly
                     attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried
                     at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.




94   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

   2.10 Financial assets (Continued)

        2.10.3 Measurement (Continued)

               Debt instruments

               Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
               for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
               measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

               •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those
                     cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised
                     cost. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised
                     cost and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in the consolidated statement
                     of comprehensive income when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest income
                     from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate
                     method.

               •     Fair value through other comprehensive income: Assets that are held for collection of
                     contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows
                     represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at fair value through
                     other comprehensive income (OCI). Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
                     OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign
                     exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset
                     is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified
                     from equity to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and recognised in
                     ‘other gains — net’. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance
                     income using the effective interest rate method.

               •     Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost
                     or financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are measured at
                     fair value through profit or loss. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently
                     measured at fair value through profit or loss and is not part of a hedging relationship is
                     recognised in profit or loss and presented net in ‘other gains — net’ in the period in which
                     it arises.

               Equity instruments

               The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. The Group’s
               management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
               there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss. Dividends
               from such investments continue to be recognised in ‘other income’ when the Group’s right to
               receive payments is established.

               Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised
               in ‘other gains — net’ as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses)
               on equity investments measured at financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
               income are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

        2.11 Offsetting financial instruments

             Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated balance
             sheets when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an
             intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The legally
             enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course
             of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.

        2.12 Impairment of financial assets

             The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets
             carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a
             significant increase in credit risk. Note 3 details how the Group determines whether there has been a
             significant increase in credit risk.

             For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
             expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables, see Note 20 for
             further details.

        2.13 Inventories

             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
             weighted average method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
             business, less applicable variable selling expenses.

        2.14 Trade and other receivables

             Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services provided in the ordinary course
             of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the
             normal operating cycle if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as
             non-current assets.

             Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
             amortised cost using the effective interest method, less allowance for impairment.

        2.15 Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash

             Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand and at banks, deposits held at call with banks and
             other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Bank deposits
             which are restricted to use are included in ‘restricted cash’ of the consolidated balance sheets.

        2.16 Share capital

             Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

             Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
             deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.




96   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

   2.17 Trade and other payables

       Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary
       course of business from suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is
       due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
       presented as non-current liabilities.

       Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
       cost using the effective interest method.

   2.18 Current and deferred income tax

       The tax expense for the period comprised current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss,
       except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
       equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
       respectively.

       (a)   Current income tax

             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantially
             enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
             operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax
             returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation.
             It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax
             authorities.

       (b)   Deferred income tax

             Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
             between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
             financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the
             initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial
             recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the
             time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is
             determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end
             of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
             realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be
             available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

             Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the
             carrying amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able
             to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the
             differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018      97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

        2.18 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)


             (b)   Deferred income tax (Continued)

                   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                   current tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation
                   authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable
                   right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the
                   liability simultaneously.

        2.19 Employee benefits

             (a)   Pension obligations

                   The Group only operate defined contribution pension plans. In accordance with the rules and
                   regulations in the PRC, the PRC based employees of the Group participate in various defined
                   contribution retirement benefit plans organized by the relevant municipal and provincial governments
                   in the PRC under which the Group and the PRC based employees are required to make monthly
                   contributions to these plans calculated as a percentage of the employees’ salaries. The municipal
                   and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing
                   and future retired PRC based employees’ payable under the plans described above. Other than
                   the monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of retirement and
                   other post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held separately from
                   those of the Group in independently administrated funds managed by the governments.

                   The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement scheme are expensed
                   as incurred.

             (b)   Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances

                   Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised
                   housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on
                   a monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees,
                   subject to certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the
                   contributions payable in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and
                   other social insurances are expensed as incurred.

             (c)   Termination benefits

                   Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the
                   normal retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for
                   these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates:
                   (a) When the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity
                   recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the payment
                   of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the
                   termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the
                   offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of reporting period are discounted to
                   their present value.


98   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

   2.19 Employee benefits (Continued)

       (d)     Employee leave entitlements

               Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision
               is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up
               to the balance sheet date.

               Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

   2.20 Share-based payments

       The Group operates an equity-settled share-based compensation plan, under which the Group receives
       service from its employees in exchange for the equity instruments of the Group. The fair value of the
       employee service received in exchange for the grant of the equity instruments is recognised as an
       expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
       reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted:

       (i)     Including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

       (ii)    Excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
               profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time
               period); and

       (iii)   Including the impact of any non-vesting conditions.

       Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of
       equity instruments that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period,
       which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

       In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and
       therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense during the
       period between service commencement period and grant date.

       The grant by the Company of its equity instruments to the employees of the subsidiaries of the Group is
       treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by reference
       to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investments in
       subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.

       At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of equity instruments
       that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service conditions. It
       recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding
       adjustment to equity.

       When the share options are exercised, the Group issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
       directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018     99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

         2.21 Provisions

              Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
              past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
              amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

              Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
              settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
              even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
              may be small.

              Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
              obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
              the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provisions due to passage of time is recognised
              as interest expense.

         2.22 Revenue recognition

              The Group provides property management services, community value-added services, and value-added
              services to non-property owners. Revenue from providing services is recognised in the accounting
              period in which the services are rendered.

              For property management services, the Group bills a fixed amount for services provided on a monthly
              basis and recognises as revenue in the amount to which the Group has a right to invoice and that
              corresponds directly with the value of performance completed.

              For property management services income from properties managed under lump sum basis, where the
              Group acts as principal and is primary responsible for providing the property management services to
              the property owners, the Group recognises the fee received or receivable from property owners as its
              revenue and all related property management costs as its cost of services. For property management
              services income from properties managed under commission basis, the Group recognises the
              commission, which is calculated by certain percentage of the total property management fee received or
              receivable from the property units, as its revenue for arranging and monitoring the services as provided
              by other suppliers to the property owners.

              Value-added services to non-property owners mainly include consultancy services to property
              developers or other property management companies, cleaning, greening, repair and maintenance
              services, and sales and leasing agency services of unsold parking spaces and properties to property
              developers at the pre-delivery stage. The Group agrees the price for each service with the customers
              upfront and issue the monthly bill to the customers which varies based on the actual level of service
              completed in that month.

              Community value-added services mainly include home living services, real estate brokerage services
              and community area services. Revenue is recognised when the related community value-added services
              are rendered. Payment of the transaction is due immediately when the community value-added services
              are rendered to the customer.




100   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

   2.22 Revenue recognition (Continued)

       If contracts involve the sale of multiple services, the transaction price will be allocated to each
       performance obligation based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling
       prices are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or adjusted
       market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.

       When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the balance sheet as
       a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the Group’s performance
       and the customer’s payment.

       A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has
       transferred to a customer. Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalised
       and presented as assets and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.

       If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
       unconditional, before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the contract
       as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A
       contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has
       received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

       A receivable is recorded when the Group has an unconditional right to consideration. A right
       to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
       consideration is due.

   2.23 Interest income

       Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.

   2.24 Leases

       Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are
       classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received
       from the lessor) are charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

   2.25 Government grants

       Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
       that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

       Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period
       necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3. Financial risk management

         3.1   Financial risk factors

               The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: mainly credit risk and liquidity risk. The
               Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and
               seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

               3.1.1 Credit risk

                    The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade and other receivables and cash deposits
                    at banks. The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and
                    restricted cash represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial
                    assets.

                    The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash deposits at banks
                    since they are substantially deposited at state-owned banks and other medium or large-sized
                    listed banks. Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses from
                    non-performance by these counterparties.

                    The Group has large number of customers and there was no concentration of credit risk. The
                    Group has monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
                    debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverability of these receivables at the end of each
                    reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts.

                    The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
                    has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                    To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a
                    default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of
                    initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information.
                    Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

                    •     internal credit rating

                    •     external credit rating

                    •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                          that are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its
                          obligations

                    •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of individual property owner or
                          the borrower

                    •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the individual property
                          owner or the same borrower

                    •     significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower, including
                          changes in the payment status of borrowers in the Group and changes in the operating
                          results of the borrower.




102   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3. Financial risk management (Continued)

   3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)


         3.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

              (a)   Trade receivables

                    The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed
                    by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for trade
                    receivables.

                    As at 31 December 2018, the Group has assessed that the expected credit losses for trade
                    receivables from related parties was immaterial. Thus no loss allowance provision for trade
                    receivables from related parties was recognised during the year (2017: nil).

                    As at 31 December 2018, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rates for trade
                    receivables from certain third-party property developers amounting to RMB4,057,000 were
                    100% as these property developers were experiencing significant financial difficulties. Thus
                    RMB4,057,000 of specific loss allowance provision was provided against these receivables
                    during the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: nil).

                    The loss allowance provision for the remaining balances was determined as follows:

                                                Up to 1   1 to 2   2 to 3   3 to 4    4 to 5     Over 5
                                                  year    years    years    years     years       years     Total

                     Trade receivables
                     At 31 December 2018
                     Expected loss rate           0.7%     5.7%    17.3%    32.1%    55.5%        100%
                     Gross carrying amount
                       (RMB’000)                385,085   80,282   37,047   13,532    6,110       7,693   529,749
                     Loss allowance provision
                       (RMB’000)                  2,696    4,576    6,409    4,344    3,391       7,693    29,109

                     At 31 December 2017
                     Expected loss rate             1%      10%      20%      50%      50%         50%
                     Gross carrying amount
                       (RMB’000)                269,043   67,379   23,365    8,871    4,135       5,892   378,685
                     Loss allowance provision
                       (RMB’000)                  2,690    6,738    4,673    4,435    2,068       2,946    23,550




                                                                                               Annual Report 2018   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3. Financial risk management (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)


               3.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

                    (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)

                          The loss allowance provision for trade receivables reconciles to the opening loss allowance
                          for that provision as follows:

                                                                                         2018                 2017
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

                           At 1 January                                                 23,550                21,382
                           Provision for loss allowance recognised in
                             profit or loss                                             11,041                 2,720
                           Receivables written off as uncollectable                     (1,425)                 (552)

                           At 31 December                                               33,166                23,550


                          As at 31 December 2018, the gross carrying amount of trade receivables was
                          RMB600,650,000 (2017: RMB395,159,000) and thus the maximum exposure to loss was
                          RMB567,484,000 (2017: RMB371,609,000).

                    (b)   Other receivables (excluding prepayments)

                          Other receivables (excluding prepayments) mainly included other receivables from related
                          parties, payments on behalf of property owners, tax recoverable and others. Management
                          considered these receivables to be low credit risk and thus the loss allowance provision
                          recognised was limited to 12 months expected losses. In addition, the expected credit losses
                          from other receivables from related parties were assessed to be immaterial, thus no loss
                          allowance provision was recognised for these receivables as at 31 December 2017, which
                          were fully settled during the current year.

                          The loss allowance provision for other receivables (excluding prepayments) reconciles to the
                          opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                         2018                 2017
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

                           At 1 January                                                   2,625                1,174
                           Provision for loss allowance recognised in
                             profit or loss                                               2,351                1,451

                           At 31 December                                                 4,976                2,625


                          As at 31 December 2018, the gross carrying amount of other receivables (excluding
                          prepayments) was RMB195,485,000 (2017: RMB91,761,000) and thus the maximum
                          exposure to loss was RMB190,509,000 (2017: RMB89,136,000).



104   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3. Financial risk management (Continued)

   3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)

          3.1.2 Liquidity risk

               To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
               equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate
               the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

               The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on
               the remaining period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
               contractual undiscounted cash flows. All amounts were due within one year.

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

                 Trade and other payables                                         1,422,680                865,038


   3.2    Capital management

          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
          going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
          maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

          In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid
          to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

          The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided
          by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total debt less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is
          calculated as ‘equity’ as shown in the consolidated balance sheets plus net debt.

          As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group maintained at net cash position.


4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements

   The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will,
   by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant
   risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial
   year are discussed below.

   (a)    Expected credit losses on receivables

          The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and expected
          loss rates. The Group used judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the
          impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward
          looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018     105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)

         (a)   Expected credit losses on receivables (Continued)

               Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying
               amount of trade and other receivables and the related loss allowances in the period in which such
               estimate is changed. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see Note 3.1 above.

         (b)   Current tax and deferred tax

               The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. Judgement is required in determining the provision
               for income taxes. There are some transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination
               is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is
               different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and
               provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

               Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised
               when management considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which
               the temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual utilisation may
               be different.

         (c)   Fair value assessment of the identified property management contracts and customer
               relationships and recognition of goodwill arising from business combinations

               Significant judgements and estimates were involved in the fair value assessment of the identified
               property management contracts and customer relationships and the recognition of goodwill arising from
               business combinations. These significant judgements and estimates include the adoption of appropriate
               valuation methodologies and the use of key assumptions in the valuation (mainly gross profit margin,
               earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) margin, discount rates and
               expected useful lives of the property management contracts and customer relationships). See Notes 16
               and 31 for more details.


      5. Segment information

         Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by CODM. The CODM,
         who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segment, has been
         identified as the executive directors of the Company.

         During the year, the Group is principally engaged in the provision of property management services,
         community value-added services and value-added services to non-property owners in the PRC. Management
         reviews the operating results of the business as one operating segment to make decisions about resources to
         be allocated. Therefore, the CODM of the Company regards that there is only one segment which is used to
         make strategic decisions.

         The major operating entity of the Group is domiciled in the PRC, over 95% of the Group’s revenue were
         derived in the PRC during the year.

         As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, over 95% of the Group’s non-current assets were located in the PRC.




106   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6. Revenue and cost of services

   Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from property management services, community value-added
   services and value-added services to non-property owners. An analysis of the Group’s revenue and cost of
   services by category for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017 was as follows:

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                             2018                                 2017
                                                                         Cost of                               Cost of
                                                      Revenue           services           Revenue            services
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

    Revenue from customer and
      recognized over time:
    Property management services                   3,445,489          2,347,831           2,544,665         1,796,762
    Community value-added services                   417,220            141,457             241,818           102,197
    Value-added services to non-property
      owners                                          791,084           410,757            328,016            186,161
    Other services                                     21,494            13,620              7,353              1,146

                                                   4,675,287          2,913,665           3,121,852         2,086,266


   For the years ended 31 December 2018, revenue from CGH and its subsidiaries (the “CGH Group”)
   contributed 16.8% (2017: 14.1%) of the Group’s revenue. Other than the CGH Group, the Group has a large
   number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the year ended
   31 December 2018 and 2017.

   (a)    Contract liabilities

          The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2018             2017
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

            Contract liabilities                                                    1,000,156               556,880


          (i)   Significant changes in contract liabilities

                Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while
                the underlying services are yet to be provided. Such liabilities increased as a result of the growth of
                the Group’s business.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018      107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      6. Revenue and cost of services (Continued)

         (a)   Contract liabilities (Continued)

               (ii)    Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities

                       The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to
                       carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2018             2017
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

                        Revenue recognised that was included in the balance
                          of contract liabilities at the beginning of the year
                          — Property management services                                  514,043              383,472
                          — Value-added services to non-property owners                     2,430                   —
                          — Community value-added services                                    277                3,131

                                                                                          516,750              386,603


               (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations

                       For property management services and value-added services to non-property owners, the Group
                       recognises revenue in the amount that equals to the right to invoice which corresponds directly
                       with the value to the customer of the Group’s performance to date, on a monthly basis. The Group
                       has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for
                       these type of contracts. The majority of the property management service contracts do not have a
                       fixed term. The term of the contracts for value-added services to non-property owners is generally
                       set to expire when the counterparties notify the Group that the services are no longer required.

                       For community value-added services, they are rendered in short period of time and there is no
                       unsatisfied performance obligation at the end of respective periods.

               (iv)    Assets recognised from incremental costs to obtain a contract

                       During the year ended 31 December 2018, there were no incremental costs to obtain a contract
                       (2017: nil).




108   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



7. Other income

                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2018             2017
                                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

         Government grants                                                                                   11,170                       4,878
         Late fee income                                                                                     10,574                       8,189
         Investment income from financial assets at fair value through
           profit or loss (Note)                                                                               9,368                           —

                                                                                                             31,112                     13,067


   Note: This represented investment income derived from the Group’s investments in certain wealth
   management products during the year, which were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or
   loss, there were no balances remained at year end.


8. Other gains — net

                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2018             2017
                                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

         Gains on disposal of investments in associates (i)                                                  12,579                            —
         Revaluation gain on reclassification from investment in
           an associate to financial asset at fair value through other
           comprehensive income (i)                                                                            4,313                          —
         Gains/(losses) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                             121                         (43)
         Others                                                                                                2,168                      1,315

                                                                                                             19,181                       1,272

   (i)       In March 2018, the Group disposed of its 30% equity interest in Guangdong Shunde Fenghuang Youxuan Commercial Company
             Limited to a subsidiary of CGH, at a cash consideration of RMB6,000,000, and disposed of its 15.1% equity interest in Shenzhen
             Wangshenghuo Internet Technology Company Limited to an independent third party at a cash consideration of RMB7,550,000, which
             resulted in an aggregate disposal gain of RMB12,579,000. The Group does not hold any interest in Guangdong Shunde Fenghuang
             Youxuan Commercial Company Limited after the disposal. The Group’s remaining interest of 9.9% in Shenzhen Wangshenghuo
             Internet Technology Company Limited was reclassified to financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income as the
             Group can no longer exercise significant influence over it after the disposal, thus the remaining interest was remeasured to fair value
             upon losing of significant influence which resulted in a revaluation gain of RMB4,313,000.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018           109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      9. Expenses by nature

         Expenses included in cost of services, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses
         and net impairment losses on financial assets are analysed as follows:

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2018             2017
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

           Employee benefit expenses (Note 10)                                     2,433,798           1,759,556
           Cleaning expenses                                                         458,285             266,476
           Maintenance expenses                                                      199,989             132,921
           Utilities                                                                 157,583             120,836
           Greening and gardening expenses                                            77,547              49,627
           Office and communication expenses                                          68,709              38,570
           Transportation expenses                                                    57,897              48,419
           Travelling and entertainment expenses                                      52,803              30,210
           Depreciation and amortisation charges                                      32,946              19,056
           Taxes and surcharges                                                       25,975              19,801
           Bank charges                                                               15,606              10,270
           Community activities expenses                                              15,234               9,302
           Listing expenses excluding audit fees                                       8,164                  —
           Professional service fees                                                   9,212              10,515
           Employee uniform expenses                                                   7,317              16,498
           Impairment of intangible assets (Note 16)                                   5,431                  —
           Net impairment losses on financial assets                                  13,392               4,171
           Auditor’s remuneration
             — Audit services in relation to the Listing                               3,400                   —
             — Annual audit and interim review services                                4,100                  253
             — Non-audit services                                                        620                   —
           Other expenses                                                             65,423               18,579

           Total                                                                   3,713,431           2,555,060




110   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



10. Employee benefit expenses

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

    Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                2,005,035           1,448,249
    Pension costs                                                                164,227             125,036
    Housing funds, medical insurances and other social security costs            122,153              90,273
    Other benefits                                                               121,846              95,998
    Employee share schemes — value of employee services (Note 25)                 20,537                  —

                                                                               2,433,798           1,759,556



   (a)    Five highest paid individuals

          The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group included 2 directors for the year
          ended 31 December 2018 (2017: 2 directors), whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in
          Note 34. The emoluments payable to the remaining 3 individuals are as follows (2017: 3 individuals):

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

           Wages, salaries and bonuses                                             6,700               6,440
           Pension and other social security costs                                    98                  87
           Employee share schemes — value of employee services                     5,559                  —

                                                                                  12,357               6,527


          The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2018             2017

           Emolument bands (in HKD)
           2,000,000–2,500,000                                                         —                   2
           2,500,000–3,000,000                                                         —                   1
           4,000,000–4,500,000                                                         1                   —
           4,500,000–5,000,000                                                         1                   —
           5,000,000–5,500,000                                                         1                   —

                                                                                        3                   3




                                                                                            Annual Report 2018    111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      11. Finance income

         Finance income mainly represented the interest income derived from bank deposits.


      12. Income tax expense

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

           Current income tax — PRC
            — Provision of current income tax                                       169,631          154,147
            — Withholding income tax on profits distributed                          11,600               —
            — Overprovision in previous years (Note(c))                             (58,309)              —

                                                                                    122,922          154,147

           Deferred income tax
            — Corporate income tax                                                    (1,788)          1,987
            — Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future           14,043          11,600

                                                                                      12,255          13,587

                                                                                    135,177          167,734


         (a)   Cayman Island income tax

               The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
               under the Companies Law of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands
               income tax.

         (b)   Hong Kong profits tax

               No provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made as the Group did not have any assessable income
               subject to Hong Kong profits tax during the year.




112   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



12. Income tax expense (Continued)

   (c)    PRC corporate income tax

          Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in Mainland China has been calculated at the
          applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the year, based on the existing legislation,
          interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

          The general corporate income tax rate in PRC is 25%. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are
          located in western cities or has been approved as High and New Technology Enterprise, and they are
          subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15% in certain years.

          In May 2018, a principal subsidiary of the Group, CG Property Services received the certificate of “High
          and New Technology Enterprise” under which it is entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for
          the three years from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2019. In prior year, income tax expense of CG
          Property Services was provided at the then enacted tax rate of 25%, therefore, the overprovision of
          income tax expense for the year ended 31 December 2017 of RMB58,309,000 was reversed in the
          year ended 31 December 2018, the related balance of tax recoverable as at 31 December 2018 was
          RMB7,988,000.

   (d)    PRC withholding tax

          According to the applicable PRC tax regulations, dividends distributed by a company established in the
          PRC to a foreign investor with respect to profits derived after 1 January 2008 are generally subject to
          a 10% withholding income tax. If a foreign investor incorporated in Hong Kong meets the conditions
          and requirements under the double taxation treaty arrangement entered into between the PRC and
          Hong Kong, the relevant withholding tax rate will be reduced from 10% to 5%.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018     113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      12. Income tax expense (Continued)

         (e)   The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise
               using the tax rate of 15%, being the tax rate of the major subsidiaries of the Group. The difference is
               analysed as follows:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

                Profit before income tax                                             1,069,387              608,197
                Add: Share of results of joint ventures                                 (6,211)                (991)
                      Share of results of associates                                     2,818                8,920

                                                                                     1,065,994              616,126

                Tax calculated at applicable corporate income tax rate
                  of 25% (2017: 25%)                                                   266,499              154,032
                Effects of different tax rates applicable to different
                  subsidiaries of the Group                                           (106,392)                (279)
                Income not subject to tax                                               (2,534)                  —
                Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                            4,804                1,940
                Unrecognised tax losses                                                  4,516                  441
                Effects of tax rate change on deferred tax                                 950                   —
                Withholding income tax on profits distributed                           11,600                   —
                Overprovision in previous years (Note (c) above)                       (58,309)                  —

                                                                                       121,134              156,134
                Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future           14,043               11,600

                                                                                       135,177              167,734




114   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



13. Earnings per share

   (a)    Basic

          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of the Company
          by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2018             2017

           Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                  923,154               401,743
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (thousands shares)                                                      2,500,000             2,500,000

           Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                           36.93                 16.07


   (b)    Diluted

          Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
          outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company has dilutive potential
          ordinary shares arising from the pre-listing share option scheme, details of which are set out in Note 25.
          For the pre-listing share option scheme, the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the
          exercise of the share options less the number of shares that could have been issued at fair value (determined
          as the average market price per share) for the same total proceeds is the number of shares issued for
          no consideration. The resulting number of shares issued for no consideration is included in the weighted
          average number of ordinary shares as the denominator for calculating diluted earnings per share.

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2018             2017

           Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                  923,154               401,743
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (thousands shares)                                                      2,500,000             2,500,000
           Adjustments — pre-listing share option schemes (thousands)                   26,870                    —

           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted
            earnings per share (thousands)                                           2,526,870             2,500,000

           Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents)                                         36.53                 16.07


14. Dividends

   According to the shareholder’s resolution of the Company dated 5 May 2018, a dividend of RMB3.76 cents per
   share totaling RMB93,900,000 was declared and paid to its then shareholder, Wise Fame in May 2018.

   The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a 2018 final dividend of RMB8.49 cents per share,
   totaling RMB230,790,000, which has taken into account the effects of placing of the Company’s shares in
   January 2019 and the expected exercise of share options as of the record date for the eligible shareholders.
   Such dividend is to be approved by the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. These
   financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.

                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018      115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      15. Property, plant and equipment

                                                       Transportation    Electronic        Office
                                         Machinery         equipment     equipment     equipment       Total
                                          RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

           At 1 January 2017
           Cost                              8,225             57,172        35,271       11,624      112,292
           Accumulated depreciation         (3,971)           (35,496)      (22,118)       (7,650)     (69,235)

           Net book amount                   4,254            21,676        13,153          3,974      43,057

           Year ended 31 December
              2017
           Opening net book amount            4,254           21,676        13,153          3,974      43,057
           Acquisition of subsidiaries           62                31            68           412          573
           Other additions                  26,598            11,709        12,851          3,595      54,753
           Disposals                           (372)           (1,229)         (430)         (273)      (2,304)
           Depreciation                      (1,406)           (9,034)       (5,677)       (1,387)    (17,504)

           Closing net book amount          29,136            23,153        19,965          6,321      78,575

           At 31 December 2017
           Cost                             34,411             61,717        46,136       15,205      157,469
           Accumulated depreciation          (5,275)          (38,564)      (26,171)       (8,884)     (78,894)

           Net book amount                  29,136            23,153        19,965          6,321      78,575

           Year ended 31 December
             2018
           Opening net book amount          29,136            23,153        19,965          6,321      78,575
           Acquisition of subsidiaries
             (Note 31)                         797              1,821        2,642          1,058       6,318
           Other additions                  25,617             11,861       19,644          4,865      61,987
           Disposals                          (664)            (1,533)      (4,804)        (1,171)     (8,172)
           Depreciation                     (5,621)           (12,058)      (4,721)        (3,327)    (25,727)

           Closing net book amount          49,265            23,244        32,726          7,746     112,981

           At 31 December 2018
           Cost                             59,801             66,305        60,345        19,310     205,761
           Accumulated depreciation        (10,536)           (43,061)      (27,619)      (11,564)    (92,780)

           Net book amount                  49,265            23,244        32,726          7,746     112,981




116   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



15. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

   Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of
   comprehensive income:

                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                        2018             2017
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

    Cost of services                                                    21,382                 14,139
    General and administrative expenses                                  4,345                  3,365

                                                                        25,727                 17,504


16. Intangible assets

                                                            Property
                                                       management
                                                           contracts
                                                       and customer
                                              Software relationships       Goodwill           Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                  (i)       (ii) & (iii)

    At 1 January 2017
    Cost                                          3,382            —                 —          3,382
    Accumulated amortisation                     (1,343)           —                 —         (1,343)

    Net book amount                               2,039            —                 —          2,039

    Year ended 31 December 2017
    Opening net book amount                       2,039           —                 —            2,039
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                      —        11,980             2,570         14,550
    Other additions                               5,821           —                 —            5,821
    Amortisation                                   (997)        (555)               —           (1,552)

    Closing net book amount                       6,863       11,425             2,570         20,858

    At 31 December 2017
    Cost                                          9,203       11,980             2,570         23,753
    Accumulated amortisation                     (2,340)        (555)               —           (2,895)

    Net book amount                               6,863       11,425             2,570         20,858




                                                                                     Annual Report 2018   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      16. Intangible assets (Continued)

                                                                           Property
                                                                      management
                                                                          contracts
                                                                      and customer
                                                             Software relationships           Goodwill           Total
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                 (i)           (ii) & (iii)

            Year ended 31 December 2018
            Opening net book amount                               6,863          11,425             2,570         20,858
            Acquisition of subsidiaries
              (Note 31)                                              3         154,689          505,362         660,054
            Other additions                                     16,325              —                —           16,325
            Amortisation                                        (2,049)         (3,450)              —           (5,499)
            Impairment                                              —           (2,861)          (2,570)         (5,431)

            Closing net book amount                             21,142         159,803          505,362         686,307

            At 31 December 2018
            Cost                                                25,531         166,669          507,932         700,132
            Accumulated amortisation                            (4,389)         (4,005)              —           (8,394)
            Accumulated impairment                                  —           (2,861)          (2,570)         (5,431)

            Net book amount                                     21,142         159,803          505,362         686,307


          Amortisation of intangible assets were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of
          comprehensive income:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

            Cost of services                                                                3,450                    555
            General and administrative expenses                                             2,049                    997

                                                                                            5,499                  1,552


          (i)   Property management contracts and customer relationships

                During the year ended 31 December 2018, a subsidiary of the Group acquired several companies (Note
                31). Total identifiable net assets of these entities acquired as at their respective acquisition dates were
                amounted to RMB203,455,000, including identified property management contracts and customer
                relationships of RMB154,689,000 recognised by the Group. The excess of the consideration transferred
                and the amount of the non-controlling interests in the acquires over the fair value of the identifiable net
                assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.




118    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



16. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (i)     Property management contracts and customer relationships (Continued)

            A valuation was performed by an independent valuer to determine the fair value of the identified property
            management contracts and customer relationships. The valuation method used is the multi-period
            excess earnings method. The key assumptions in determining the fair value of property management
            contracts and customer relationships are disclosed as follows:

            Gross profit margin                                                                       20.5%–32.5%
            EBITDA margin                                                                              6.8%–11.4%
            Post-tax discount rate                                                                          14.2%

    (ii)    Impairment tests for goodwill arising from business combinations in prior year

            Goodwill of RMB2,570,000 has been allocated to the cash-generating units (“CGUs”) of the subsidiaries
            acquired last year for impairment testing. Management performed an impairment assessment on the
            goodwill as at 31 December 2018. The recoverable amounts of these subsidiaries are determined based
            on value-in-use calculations.

            The following table sets forth each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow
            projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

            Revenue growth rate during the projection period                                                   3.0%
            Gross profit margin during the projection period                                                  27.2%
            EBITDA margin during the projection period                                                        12.4%
            Terminal growth rate                                                                               3.0%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                                                             19.4%

            Based on management’s assessment on the recoverable amounts of the subsidiaries acquired in prior
            year, full impairment provision of RMB2,570,000 on goodwill and a further impairment of RMB2,861,000
            on the property management contracts and customer relationships acquired were made as at 31
            December 2018.

    (iii)   Impairment tests for goodwill arising from business combinations in current year

            Goodwill of RMB505,362,000 has been allocated to the CGUs of the subsidiaries acquired during the
            year for impairment testing. Management performed an impairment assessment on the goodwill prior
            to the year end. The recoverable amounts of these subsidiaries are determined based on value-in-use
            calculations.

            The following table sets forth each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow
            projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

            Revenue growth rates during the projection period                                           1.5%–8.0%
            Gross profit margins during the projection period                                         24.5%–37.5%
            EBITDA margins during the projection period                                               10.6%–20.5%
            Terminal growth rate                                                                             3.0%
            Pre-tax discount rates                                                                    16.8%–18.0%

            Based on management’s assessment on the recoverable amounts of subsidiaries acquired during the
            year, no impairment provision was considered necessary to provide as at 31 December 2018.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      17. Subsidiaries

         The following is a list of principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2018, all of these are limited liability companies:

                                                                                                       Proportion
                                                                 Nominal value                         of ordinary
                                                                  of issued and      Proportion of    shares held
                                                                fully paid share    equity interest        by non-
                                             Date of             capital/paid-in       held by the     controlling   Principal
           Name                              incorporation                capital            Group       interests   activities

           Directly held by the
              Company:
           Incorporated in the BVI and
             operates in Mainland China:
           United Gain                       28 March 2006              USD200               100%              —     Investment
           (集裕集團)                                                                                                    holding
           Ornate Forest                     7 July 2017            USD50,000                100%              —     Investment
           (繁森有限公司)                                                                                                  holding

           Indirectly held by the
             Company:
           Incorporated in Hong Kong and
             operates in Hong Kong:
           CG Property Services HK           5 February 2018              HKD1               100%              —     Investment
           (碧桂園物業香港控股有限公司)                                                                                           holding



           Established and operates in
             Mainland China:
           CG Property Services        19 April 2004           RMB360,000,000                100%              —     Property
           (廣東碧桂園物業服務股份有限公司)                                                                                         management
                                                                                                                     and related
                                                                                                                     services
           Country Garden Jinyang Property   15 December         RMB5,000,000                 51%            49%     Property
             Services Company Limited        1998                                                                    management
           (碧桂園金陽物業服務有限公司)                                                                                           and related
                                                                                                                     services
           Zunyi Country Garden Property   19 January 2017     RMB10,000,000                  51%            49%     Property
             City Services Company Limited                                                                           management
           (遵義碧桂園物業城市服務有限公司)                                                                                         and related
                                                                                                                     services
           Hengshui Country Garden City      23 March 2017       RMB5,000,000                 60%            40%     Property
             Services Company Limited                                                                                management
           (衡水碧桂園城市服務有限公司)                                                                                           and related
                                                                                                                     services




120   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17. Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                                  Proportion
                                                            Nominal value                         of ordinary
                                                             of issued and      Proportion of    shares held
                                                           fully paid share    equity interest        by non-
                                         Date of            capital/paid-in       held by the     controlling   Principal
     Name                                incorporation               capital            Group       interests   activities

     Baoshihua Home Investment           12 September     RMB500,000,000                 80%            20%     Property
       management Company Limited        2018                                                                   management
     (寶石花家園投資管理有限公司)                                                                                            and related
                                                                                                                services
     Beijing Shengshi Property Service   24 April 1994      RMB7,000,000                 70%            30%     Property
       Company Limited (“Shengshi”)                                                                             management
     (北京盛世物業服務有限公司)                                                                                             and related
                                                                                                                services
     Nanchang Jiejiang Property          18 February      RMB10,000,000                 100%              —     Property
       Service Company Limited           1993                                                                   management
     (南昌市潔佳物業有限公司)                                                                                              and related
                                                                                                                services
     Shanghai Ruijing Industrial         15 January       RMB88,226,000                 100%              —     Property
       Company Limited (“Ruijing”)       2018                                                                   management
     (上海睿靖實業有限公司)                                                                                               and related
                                                                                                                services
     Hainan Sailai Borui Property 12 April 2012             RMB5,000,000                100%              —     Property
       Services Company Limited                                                                                 management
     (海南賽萊柏瑞物業服務有限公司)                                                                                           and related
                                                                                                                services
     Guangdong Country Garden            9 January 2017   RMB10,000,000                  75%            25%     Property
       Huimin Property Services                                                                                 management
       Company Limited                                                                                          and related
     (廣東碧桂園惠民物業服務                                                                                               services
       有限公司)
     Guangdong Happy Life Family         30 April 2015    RMB10,000,000                 100%              —     Property
       Services Company Limited                                                                                 management
     (廣東樂享生活家庭服務                                                                                                and related
        有限公司)                                                                                                   services
     Xizang Country Garden               12 December      RMB10,000,000                  51%            49%     Property
       Property City Services            2017                                                                   management
       Company Limited                                                                                          and related
     (西藏碧桂園物業城市服務                                                                                               services
       有限公司)
     Qingyuan Country Garden             6 September        RMB5,000,000                 55%            45%     Property
       City Services Company Limited     2017                                                                   management
     (清遠碧桂園城市服務有限公司)                                                                                            and related
                                                                                                                services




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2018    121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      17. Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                                       Proportion
                                                                 Nominal value                         of ordinary
                                                                  of issued and      Proportion of    shares held
                                                                fully paid share    equity interest        by non-
                                              Date of            capital/paid-in       held by the     controlling   Principal
            Name                              incorporation               capital            Group       interests   activities

            Baoding Country Garden            21 May 2018       RMB20,010,000                 55%            45%     Property
              Xusheng City Services                                                                                  management
              Company Limited                                                                                        and related
            (保定碧桂園旭晟城市服務                                                                                             services
              有限公司)
            Fenghuanghui Information          18 January 2018   RMB50,000,000                 64%            36%     E-commerce
              technology Company Limited
            (鳳凰匯信息科技有限公司)
            Hebei Country Garden              18 January 2018    RMB5,000,000                 51%            49%     Property
              Huangcheng Property                                                                                    management
              Services Company Limited                                                                               and related
            (河北碧桂園環城物業服務                                                                                             services
              有限公司)
            Foshan Biju Property              21 April 2017      RMB5,000,000                100%              —     Property
              Company Limited                                                                                        Intermediary
            (佛山市碧居房地產有限公司)                                                                                           services
            Shanxi Country Garden City        12 July 2018       RMB5,000,000                 55%            45%     Property
              Services Company Limited                                                                               management
            (山西碧桂園城市服務有限公司)                                                                                          and related
                                                                                                                     services
            Bicheng (Shenzhen) City           20 December       RMB50,000,000                100%              —     Property
              Service Group Company Limited   2018                                                                   management
            (碧城（深圳）城市服務集團                                                                                            and related
              有限公司)                                                                                                  services
            Bihe Holdings (Shenzhen)          18 December       RMB50,000,000                100%              —     Business
             Company Limited                  2018                                                                   Development
              (碧合控股（深圳）有限公司)
            Guangdong Yingsheng Equity        4 May 2015        RMB10,000,000                 67%            33%     Investment
              Investment Fund                                                                                        Management
              Management Company Limited
            (廣東盈盛股權投資基金管理
              有限公司)

          The English names of the joint ventures represent the best efforts made by the management of the Group in
          translating their Chinese names as they do not have official English names.

          The directors of the Company consider that none of the non-controlling interests of the individual subsidiaries
          was significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of these subsidiaries were not
          disclosed.




122    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. Investments in joint ventures

                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2018             2017
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

         At 1 January                                                                                    13,834                      12,343
         Additions                                                                                        6,000                         500
         Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)                                                              980                          —
         Share of results                                                                                 6,211                         991

         At 31 December                                                                                  27,025                      13,834


   Set out below are the particulars of the joint ventures as at 31 December 2018:

                                                            Place of                                                Proportion of
                                                            incorporation               Principle                   equity interest
                                                            and operation               activities                  held by the Group

   Huahui Jinfu Information Technology (Beijing)
      Company Limited                                                                   Community
      華 惠 金 服 信 息 科 技(北 京)有 限 公 司                                                       financial
      (“Huahui Jinfu”) (i)                                  Beijing, PRC                services                    30%
   Hubei Qingneng Country Garden Property
      Services Company Limited                                                          Property
      湖北清能碧桂園物業服務有限公司                                       Wuhan, PRC                  management                  50%
   Chongqing Rongbi Property Services
      Company Limited                                                                   Property
      重慶融碧物業服務有限公司                                          Chongqing, PRC              management                  50%
   Jiangxi Shengyu Property Services
      Company Limited
      江西盛裕物業管理有限公司                                                                      Property
      (“Jiangxi Shengyu”) (i)                               Nanchang, PRC               management                  49%

   *         The English names of the joint ventures represent the best efforts made by the management of the Group in translating their Chinese
             names as they do not have official English names.

   (i)       According to the Articles of Huahui Jinfu and Jiangxi Shengyu, all significant and relevant matters of the entity require unanimous
             consent by all shareholders, Huahui Jinfu and Jiangxi Shengyu are therefore accounted for as a joint venture of the Group.


   The directors of the Company consider that none of the joint ventures as at 31 December 2018 was
   significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of the joint ventures was not disclosed.

   As at 31 December 2018, there were no significant contingent liabilities and commitments relating to the
   Group’s interests in the joint ventures.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018          123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      18. Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

         The summarised financial information of individually immaterial joint ventures on an aggregate basis is as
         follows:

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2018             2017
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

           Carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements                 27,025               13,834
           Share of results                                                           6,211                  991
           Share of total comprehensive income                                        6,211                  991


      19. Financial instruments by category

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

           Financial assets at amortised cost:
           Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments and
             tax recoverable                                                         750,005             694,234
           Cash and cash equivalents                                               3,868,921           2,634,297
           Restricted bank deposits                                                    5,366               2,797

                                                                                   4,624,292           3,331,328

           Financial assets at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                                     15,558                 174

                                                                                   4,639,850           3,331,502

           Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
           Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities            1,422,680             865,038




124   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



20. Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2018             2017
                                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Trade receivables (a)
       — Related parties (Note 32)                                                                     66,844                 16,474
       — Third parties                                                                                533,806                378,685

                                                                                                      600,650                395,159
     Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables                                              (33,166)                (23,550)

                                                                                                      567,484                371,609

     Other receivables
       — Related parties (Note 32)                                                                         —                 233,489
       — Payments on behalf of property owners                                                        105,845                 59,493
       — Tax recoverable (Note 12)                                                                      7,988                     —
       — Others                                                                                        81,652                 32,268

                                                                                                      195,485                325,250
     Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables                                               (4,976)                 (2,625)

                                                                                                      190,509                322,625

     Prepayments to suppliers                                                                           25,164                 7,314
     Prepayments for tax                                                                                 4,902                10,786

                                                                                                      788,059                712,334


   As at 31 December 2018, most of the trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB, and the fair
   value of trade and other receivables approximated their carrying amounts.

   (a)    Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services income under lump sum basis and value-added services to non-
          property owners.

          Property management services income under lump sum basis are received in accordance with the term of the relevant property
          service agreements. Service income from property management services is due for payment by the residents upon the issuance of
          demand note.

          For value-added services to non-property owners, customers are generally given a credit term of up to 60 days.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2018    125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      20. Trade and other receivables (Continued)
               The aging analysis of the trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:


                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2018              2017
                                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

                0–180 days                                                                                     376,969               190,479
                181–365 days                                                                                    75,563                95,038
                1 to 2 years                                                                                    82,430                67,379
                2 to 3 years                                                                                    38,305                23,365
                Over 3 years                                                                                    27,383                18,898

                                                                                                               600,650               395,159


               The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9. As at 31 December 2018, a
               provision of RMB33,166,000 (2017: RMB23,550,000) was made against the gross amounts of trade receivables (Note 3.1).



      21. Cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits

                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                              2018           2017
                                                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

           Cash at banks                                                                                   3,874,287            2,637,094
           Less: Restricted bank deposits (b)                                                                 (5,366)               (2,797)

           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       3,868,921            2,634,297


         As at 31 December 2018, cash and cash equivalents did not include housing maintenance funds of
         RMB4,476,000 (2017: RMB293,000) which were owned by the property owners but were deposited in the
         bank accounts in the name of the Group. Such deposits can be used by the Group for the purpose of public
         maintenance expenditures upon the approval from the relevant government authorities.

         (a)   Cash at banks were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                              2018           2017
                                                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

                RMB                                                                                        3,867,602            2,637,070
                Other currencies                                                                               6,685                   24

                                                                                                           3,874,287            2,637,094


         (b)   Restricted bank deposits mainly represents the cash deposits in bank as performance security for
               property management services according to the requirements of local government authorities.




126   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



22. Share capital

                                                             Number of      Nominal value     Equivalent nominal
                                                                shares         of shares         value of shares
                                                                                                       RMB’000

    Authorised
    Ordinary share of HKD0.10 each
      upon incorporation                            (a)        3,800,000          380,000
    Cancellation of ordinary share of
      HKD0.10 each                                  (b)       (3,800,000)        (380,000)
    Increase in authorised share capital of
      USD0.0001 each                                (b)   10,000,000,000        1,000,000

                                                          10,000,000,000        1,000,000

    Issued and fully paid
    At 6 March 2018, issue of HKD0.10 each                             2               —                       —
    At 13 March 2018, issue of HKD0.10 each         (b)               76               8                       —
    At 13 March 2018, repurchase of
      HKD0.10 each                                  (b)              (78)              (8)                     —
    At 13 March 2018, issue of USD0.0001 each       (b)           10,000                1                      —
    At 13 March 2018, issue of USD0.0001 each       (c)    2,499,990,000          249,999                   1,584

    At 31 December 2018                                    2,500,000,000          250,000                   1,584


   (a)    The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 24 January 2018 with authorised and issued
          share capital of HKD380,000 divided into 3,800,000 ordinary shares of HKD0.10 each, among which
          one nil-paid share was issued and held by Wise Fame.

   (b)    On 13 March 2018, a written resolution was passed by the Company’s shareholders, approving (i) the
          application for 76 Shares of HKD0.10 each, issued as fully paid at par, from Wise Fame; (ii) the increase
          of the authorised share capital to USD1,000,000.00 divided into 10,000,000,000 shares of a par value
          of USD0.0001 each (the “Increase of the Authorised Share Capital”); (iii) the allotment of 10,000 Shares
          of USD0.0001 each, issued as fully paid at par, to Wise Fame (the “Allotment of US Shares”), which was
          the funding for the Repurchase (as defined below); (iv) that the Company repurchased the 78 fully-paid
          shares of a par value of HKD0.10 each (the “HK Shares”) in the share capital of the Company in issue
          immediately prior to the Increase of the Authorised Share Capital at a price of HKD0.10 per HK Share
          which was paid out of the proceeds of the Allotment of US Shares mentioned above (the “Repurchase”)
          and the HK Shares were cancelled; and (v) that upon completion of the Repurchase, all authorised
          but unissued shares of HKD0.10 each of the Company were diminished by the cancellation of all the
          3,800,000 unissued shares of a par value of HKD0.10 each in the share capital of the Company.

   (c)    On 13 March 2018, a written resolution was passed by the Company’s shareholders, approving the
          Company’s allotting and issuing of a total of 2,499,990,000 shares credited as fully paid at a par value
          of USD0.0001 each to Wise Fame. Upon completion, the total issued capital of the Company was
          USD250,000 divided into 2,500,000,000 shares of USD0.0001 each.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2018     127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      23. Other reserves

                                                             Statutory Share-based
                                                             Reserves    payments               Others           Total
                                                            RMB’000(a)    RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000

           At 1 January 2017                                    61,457                —         393,457         454,914
           Appropriation to statutory reserves                  45,228                —              —           45,228

           At 31 December 2017                                 106,685                —         393,457          500,142

           At 1 January 2018                                   106,685                —         393,457         500,142
           Effect of the Reorganisation (Note 1.2)                  —                 —              (2)             (2)
           Acquisition of non-controlling interests
             (Note 30)                                               —                —          (11,759)        (11,759)
           Employee share schemes — value of
             employee services (Note 25)                            —            47,918          (27,381)         20,537
           Appropriation to statutory reserves                  92,085               —                —           92,085

           At 31 December 2018                                 198,770           47,918         354,315         601,003


         (a)   Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations governing foreign investment enterprise established in
               the PRC and the articles of association of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group, the subsidiaries are
               required to transfer certain portion of their profit after taxation to the statutory reserve fund, until the
               accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.


      24. Retained earnings

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2018          2017
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

           At 1 January                                                                       921,031           564,516
           Profit for the year                                                                923,154           401,743
           Transfer to statutory reserves (Note 23(a))                                        (92,085)           (45,228)
           Dividends (Note 14)                                                                (93,900)                —

           At 31 December                                                                   1,658,200           921,031




128   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



25. Share-based payments

   In March 2018, the Company adopted the pre-listing share option scheme to provide incentive or reward
   to eligible persons who are important to the long-term growth and profitability of the Group, which include
   certain directors, senior management and employees of the Group and CGH. In May 2018, the Company
   granted share options under the pre-listing share option scheme under which the option holders are entitled
   to acquire an aggregate of 132,948,000 shares of the Company.

   Pursuant to the terms of pre-listing share option scheme, the options granted are subject to certain
   performance conditions.

   The options granted to the grantees will be vested based on the following rates on the date of the audit report
   of the Group for the relevant financial year, provided that the vesting conditions above are satisfied in the
   relevant financial year: (i) 40% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial year the
   Group successfully listing (“Listing Year”); (ii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in
   the financial year immediately following the Listing Year; and (iii) 30% of the total number of the share options
   will be vested in the second financial year after the Listing Year. If the vesting conditions above have not been
   fulfilled during the relevant financial year, the corresponding percentage of the share options granted will
   lapse.

   All the options under the pre-listing share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the
   expiry of 5 years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD0.94 per share.

   Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                                                       Average
                                                                                 exercise price        Number of
                                                                                        in HKD      share options

    At 1 January 2018                                                                          —               —
    Granted                                                                                  0.94     132,948,000

    At 31 December 2018                                                                      0.94     132,948,000


   Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise prices:

                                                                                                    Share options
                                                                                                      outstanding
    Grant date                                               Expiry date    Exercise price      31 December 2018

    21 May 2018                                           20 May 2023           HKD0.94               132,948,000


   The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of year is approximately 4.4
   years.

   The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018      129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      25. Share-based payments (continued)

         The fair value of share options granted is HKD0.82 (equivalent to RMB0.66) per option, which was determined
         using the Binomial Model by an independent appraiser based on significant unobservable inputs. These inputs
         include:

                                                 Fair value                           Range of         Relationship of
                                                  of share     Unobservable       unobservable     Unobservable inputs
           Description                     options granted           inputs             inputs            to fair value

           Pre-listing share options       HKD108,375,000        Suboptimal                 2.5         The higher the
                                             (equivalent to   exercise factor                      suboptimal exercise
                                           RMB86,667,000)                                            factor, the higher
                                                                                                         the fair value

                                                                     Volatility            44%           The higher the
                                                                                                   volatility, the higher
                                                                                                           the fair value

                                                                    Risk-free             1.6%      The higher the risk-
                                                                 interest rate                    free interest rate, the
                                                                                                    higher the fair value

                                                               Dividend yield             2.9%            The lower the
                                                                                                     dividend yield, the
                                                                                                   higher the fair value


         There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair values.

         The Group recognised the share-based compensation expenses in “General and administrative expenses” for
         the share options granted to the directors, senior management and employees of the Group and recognised
         as a deemed distribution to the shareholders in equity (recorded in “Other reserves”) for the share options
         granted to the directors and senior management of CGH, who did not provide significant services to the
         Group.




130   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. Trade and other payables

                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

    Trade payables (a)
      — Related parties (Note 32)                                                   8,782             18,468
      — Third parties                                                             341,893            220,532

                                                                                  350,675            239,000

    Other payables
      — Related parties (Note 32)                                                      —                 439
      — Deposits                                                                  382,652            274,249
      — Temporary receipts from properties owners                                 460,159            314,763
      — Accruals and others                                                       277,160             64,606

                                                                                1,119,971            654,057

    Payroll payables                                                              553,354            402,234
    Other taxes payables                                                           36,176             19,614

                                                                                2,060,176          1,314,905


   As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated their fair values.

   (a)    The aging analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

           Up to 1 year                                                           328,465            228,629
           1 to 2 years                                                            13,779              5,080
           2 to 3 years                                                             3,121              1,479
           Over 3 years                                                             5,310              3,812

                                                                                  350,675            239,000




                                                                                            Annual Report 2018   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      27. Deferred income tax

         The analysis of deferred tax assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet was as follows:


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

           Deferred income tax assets:
             — to be recovered within 12 months                                               162                 1,480
             — to be recovered over 12 months                                               3,201                 2,222

                                                                                            3,363                 3,702

           Deferred income tax liabilities:
             — to be recovered within 12 months                                            26,088                11,932
             — to be recovered over 12 months                                              38,956                 2,524

                                                                                           65,044                14,456


         The movement in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
         the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, was as follows:

         Deferred income tax assets:

                                                             Allowance for
                                                             impairment of
                                                                receivables           Tax losses               Total
                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000

           At 1 January 2017                                           5,639                   —                  5,639
           Acquisition of subsidiaries                                    —                 1,621                 1,621
           Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                          905                 (397)                  508

           At 31 December 2017                                         6,544                1,224                 7,768

           At 1 January 2018                                           6,544                1,224                 7,768
           Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                          330               (1,224)                 (894)

           At 31 December 2018                                         6,874                    —                 6,874


         Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that the realisation of
         the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable. For the years ended 31 December 2018,
         the Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB21,908,000
         (2017: RMB1,981,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. Tax losses of group
         companies operated in the PRC could be carried forward for a maximum of five years. These tax losses will
         expire up to year 2023 (2017: 2022).




132   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



27. Deferred income tax (continued)

   Deferred income tax liabilities:

                                                                                Withholding
                                                                              income tax on
                                            Differences on Fair value gain      profits to be
                                            recognition of from business       distributed in
                                              depreciation   combination               future        Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

    At 1 January 2017                               (1,432)             —                 —            (1,432)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                         —           (2,995)               —            (2,995)
    (Charged)/credited to profit or loss            (2,634)            139           (11,600)        (14,095)

    At 31 December 2017                             (4,066)         (2,856)          (11,600)        (18,522)

    At 1 January 2018                               (4,066)        (2,856)           (11,600)        (18,522)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)               —         (38,672)                —          (38,672)
    Credited/(charged) to
      profit or loss                                  463           2,219            (14,043)        (11,361)

    At 31 December 2018                             (3,603)       (39,309)           (25,643)        (68,555)


   As at 31 December 2018, the retained earnings of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries not yet remitted to holding
   companies incorporated outside PRC, for which no deferred income tax liability had been provided, were
   approximately RMB1,165,454,000 (2017: RMB804,187,000). Such earnings are expected to be retained
   by the PRC subsidiaries for reinvestment purposes and would not be remitted to their overseas holding
   companies in the foreseeable future based on management’s estimation of overseas funding requirements.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2018   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      28. Cash flow information

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

           Profit before income tax                                              1,069,387           608,197
           Adjustments for
             — Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 15)              25,727             17,504
             — Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 16)                           5,499              1,552
             — Amortisation of non-current assets                                    1,720                 —
             — Impairment of other intangible assets                                 5,431                 —
             — Revaluation gains on reclassification from investments in
                   associates to financial assets at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income (Note 8)                                    (4,313)                —
             — (Gains)/losses on disposal of property, plant
                   and equipment (Note 8)                                             (121)                43
             — Investment income from financial assets at fair value
                   through profit or loss (Note 7)                                  (9,368)                —
             — Employee share schemes — value of employee
                   services (Note 10)                                               20,537                 —
             — Share of results of joint ventures                                   (6,211)              (991)
             — Share of results of associates                                        2,818              8,920
             — Gains on disposal of investments in associates (Note 8)             (12,579)                —
             — Finance income — net (Note 11)                                      (53,845)           (34,995)
           Changes in working capital
             (excluding the effects of acquisition of subsidiaries):
             — Restricted bank deposits                                             (2,569)             (1,740)
             — Inventories                                                            (881)               (649)
             — Trade and other receivables                                         (59,726)           (74,277)
             — Contract liabilities                                                344,392           154,660
             — Trade and other payables                                            335,649           357,648

                                                                                 1,661,547          1,035,872


         In the consolidated statements of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment
         comprise:

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

           Net book amount (Note 15)                                                 8,172              2,304
           Gains/(losses) on disposals                                                 121                 (43)

           Proceeds from disposals                                                   8,293              2,261




134   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



29. Commitments

   (a)    Operating lease commitments

          The Group leases offices and staff dormitories under non-cancellable operating lease agreements.
          The lease terms are between 1 and 5 years. The future aggregate minimum lease payments under
          non-cancellable operating leases were as follows:

                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

           No later than 1 year                                                   6,019                3,306
           Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                            4,325                2,138
           Later than 5 years                                                        22                   —

                                                                                 10,366                5,444


30. Transaction with non-controlling interests

   Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries

   As disclosed in Note 1.2(2), on 24 January 2018, Tibet Shunqi transferred its 4% and 4% equity interest in
   CG Property Services to CG Management Services and CG Management Consultation at a consideration
   of RMB57,600,000 and RMB57,600,000, respectively. The considerations were fully paid in February 2018.
   The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests of RMB103,441,000 and a decrease in equity
   attributable to owners of the Company of RMB11,759,000. The effect on the equity attributable to the owners
   of the Company during the year is summarised as follows:

                                                                                                Year ended
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                      2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000

    Consideration paid to non-controlling interests                                                  115,200
    Carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired                                           (103,441)

    Difference recorded within equity                                                                 11,759


31. Business combinations

   In November 2018, the Group acquired 70% equity interest in Shengshi and 100% equity interest in Ruijing
   from third parties at a fixed cash consideration of RMB252,000,000 and RMB218,520,000, respectively. The
   Group also acquired several other property management companies from third parties during the current year
   at an aggregate fixed cash considerations of RMB197,375,000 and a contingent cash consideration of not
   more than RMB18,000,000. The above acquired companies have been accounted for as subsidiaries of the
   Group since their respective acquisition dates.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2018    135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      31. Business combinations (continued)

         The acquired companies’ principal activities are property management and related services in the PRC.
         Details of the purchase considerations, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                          Shengshi            Ruijing            Others         Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000

           Total purchase considerations                    252,000            218,520           197,375       667,895
             — Fixed cash considerations
                  Settled in 2018                           252,000            152,964           138,043       543,007
                  Outstanding as at 31 December
                    2018                                          —             65,556            59,332       124,888
             — Estimated contingent cash
                  consideration                                   —                  —              7,681        7,681

                                                            252,000            218,520           205,056       675,576

           Total recognised amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are as follows:
             — Property, plant and equipment
                  (Note 15)                                    4,167                  617            1,534       6,318
             — Property management contracts
                  and customer relationships
                  (Note 16)                                   80,026              36,576           38,087      154,689
             — Other intangible assets (Note 16)                  —                    —                 3           3
             — Investment in a joint venture
                  (Note 18)                                       —                    —               980         980
             — Trade and other receivables                  126,551               61,734           53,215      241,500
             — Inventories                                       714                  346              396       1,456
             — Financial assets at fair value
                  through profit and loss                     65,000                1,949            7,000       73,949
             — Cash and cash equivalents                      90,020              29,730           19,417      139,167
             — Contract liabilities                          (80,267)            (11,149)           (7,468)     (98,884)
             — Trade and other payables                    (160,904)             (60,423)         (55,724)    (277,051)
             — Deferred income tax liabilities               (20,007)              (9,144)          (9,521)     (38,672)

           Total identifiable net assets                    105,300             50,236            47,919       203,455
           Non-controlling interests                         (31,590)               —              (1,651)      (33,241)
           Goodwill                                         178,290            168,284           158,788       505,362

                                                            252,000            218,520           205,056       675,576

           Outflow of cash to acquire business, net of cash acquired:
            — Partial settlement of cash
                 considerations                             252,000            152,964           138,043       543,007
            — Cash and cash equivalents in the
                 subsidiaries acquired                       (90,020)          (29,730)           (19,417)    (139,167)

           Net cash outflow on acquisitions                 161,980            123,234           118,626       403,840




136   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



31. Business combinations (continued)

   (a)    Intangible assets including identified property management contracts and customer relationships of
          RMB154,689,000 in relation to the acquisitions have been recognised by the Group (Note 16).

   (b)    The goodwill arose from the acquisitions was mainly attributable to the expected synergies from
          combining the operations of the Group and the acquired entities.

   (c)    The acquired businesses contributed total revenues of RMB72,304,000 and net profits of
          RMB2,389,000 to the Group for the period from their respective acquisition dates to 31 December
          2018.

   (d)    The total revenues and net profits of these acquired companies for the year ended 31 December 2018
          were RMB772,169,000 and RMB82,571,000 respectively. Had these companies been consolidated
          from 1 January 2018, the consolidated statements of comprehensive income would show pro-forma
          revenue of RMB5,375,152,000 and net profit of RMB1,014,392,000.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2018    137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      32. Related party transactions

         (a)   Ultimate Controlling Shareholder

               The Company is ultimately controlled by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”).

         (b)   Transactions with related parties


                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

                Provision of services
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder          785,327             439,621
                — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                     Shareholder                                                       108,300               37,722
                — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                     has significant influence                                          53,419               17,941
                — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                     Controlling Shareholder                                               832                     844
                — Key management and their close relatives                               1,333                     736

                                                                                       949,211             496,864

                Purchase of goods and services
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder           53,501               35,163
                — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                     Controlling Shareholder                                             4,291                2,561
                — Associates of the Group                                                   —                    47

                                                                                        57,792               37,771

                Rental expenses
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder            1,268                     605

                Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income
                — Entity controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder              5,000                      —

                Disposal of associates
                — Entity controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder              6,000                      —


               The prices for the above service fees and other transactions were determined in accordance with the
               terms mutually agreed by the contract parties.




138   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



32. Related party transactions (continued)

   (c)    Free trademark license agreement

          A trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Group and a subsidiary of CGH,
          Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development Company Limited (佛山區順德碧桂園物業發展
          有 限 公 司) (“Foshan Shunde”) and a deed of trademark licencing was entered into between the Group
          and CGH (the “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”). Pursuant to the Trademark Licencing Arrangement,
          Foshan Shunde agreed and CGH would procure Foshan Shunde to irrevocably and unconditionally
          grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use several trademarks registered in the PRC and
          Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of the Trademark Licencing Agreement
          and the deed of trademark licencing, which are subject to the renewal of the licenced trademarks, on a
          royalty-free basis.

   (d)    Key management compensation

          Key management includes directors and senior management. Compensations for key management are
          set out below:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

           Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                         22,800              15,760
           Share-based payments                                                    15,864                  —
           Fees                                                                       520                 120
           Contributions to retirement benefits and other social
             security costs                                                           332                 190

                                                                                   39,516              16,070




                                                                                            Annual Report 2018     139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      32. Related party transactions (continued)

         (e)   Balances with related parties


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                Receivables from related parties
                Trade receivables
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder     63,754          13,820
                — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                     Shareholder                                                   1,777              —
                — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                     has significant influence                                     1,313           2,654

                                                                                  66,844          16,474

                Other receivables
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder         —          233,489

                                                                                  66,844         249,963


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                Payables to related parties
                Trade payables
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder      6,136          15,238
                — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                     Controlling Shareholder                                       2,646           3,226
                — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                     has significant influence                                        —                4

                                                                                   8,782          18,468

                Other payables
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder         —              439

                                                                                   8,782          18,907




140   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



33. Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company

                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                      Note                2018             2017
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

    ASSETS
    Non-current assets
    Investments in subsidiaries                                               940                  —

    Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                               434                    —
    Dividend receivable                                                 233,790                    —
    Other receivable                                                         13                    —

                                                                        234,237                    —

    Total assets                                                        235,177                    —

    EQUITY
    Share capital                                                         1,584                    —
    Retained earnings                                   (a)             231,574                    —

    Total equity                                                        233,158                    —

    LIABILITIES
    Current liabilities
    Other payables                                                           2,019                 —

    Total liabilities                                                        2,019                 —

    Total equity and liabilities                                        235,177                    —


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2019 and was
   signed on its behalf.




                        LI Changjiang                          GUO Zhanjun
                           Director                               Director




                                                                                     Annual Report 2018   141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      33. Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (continued)
         (a)   Movement of retained earnings of the Company


                                                                  Retained earnings
                                                                           RMB’000

                At 1 January 2017 and 31 December 2017                           —
                Profit for the year                                        325,474
                Dividend paid                                               (93,900)

                At 31 December 2018                                        231,574


      34. Directors’ benefits and interests
         In March 2018, the following directors were appointed:

         Chairman and Non-executive Director

         Ms. Yang Huiyan (Note (a)(i))

         Executive Director

         Mr. Li Changjiang, General Manager
         Mr. Xiao Hua
         Mr. Guo Zhanjun (Note (a)(ii))

         Non-executive Directors

         Mr. Yang Zhicheng (Note (a)(i))
         Ms. Wu Bijun (Note (a)(i))

         In May 2018, the following directors were appointed:

         Independent Non-executive Directors

         Mr. Mei Wenjue (Note (a)(iii))
         Mr. Rui Meng (Note (a)(iii))
         Mr. Chen Weiru (Note (a)(iv))




142   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



34. Directors’ benefits and interests (continued)

   (a)    Directors’ emoluments


          The directors received emoluments from the Group (in their role as senior management and employee
          before their appointment as directors) for the year ended 31 December 2018 as follows:

                                                                  Contributions
                                                                   to retirement Employee share
                                                                    benefits and schemes — value
                                                  Salaries and      other social     of employee
           Name                           Fees          bonus     security costs         services           Total
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

           Executive directors
           Mr. Li Changjiang                 —           6,030                 36              4,978        11,044
           Mr. Xiao Hua                      —           2,200                 27              1,829         4,056
           Mr. Guo Zhanjun                   —           1,620                 27              1,804         3,451

           Independent non-executive
             directors
           Mr. Chen Weiru                   187             —                  —                   —          187
           Mr. Mei Wenyu                    167             —                  —                   —          167
           Mr. Rui Meng                     167             —                  —                   —          167

                                            521          9,850                 90              8,611        19,072


          The directors received emoluments from the Group (in their role as senior management and employee
          before their appointment as directors) for the year ended 31 December 2017 as follows:

                                                                   Contributions
                                                                    to retirement      Employee share
                                                                     benefits and    schemes — value
                                                   Salaries and       other social       of employee
           Name                           Fees           bonus     security costs            services        Total
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000

           Executive directors
           Mr. Li Changjiang                 —           5,580                 34                  —         5,614
           Mr. Xiao Hua                      —           2,040                 24                  —         2,064
           Mr. Guo Zhanjun                   —             750                 11                  —           761

           Independent non-executive
             directors
           Mr. Chen Weiru                   120             —                  —                   —          120

                                            120          8,370                 69                  —         8,559




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018   143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      34. Directors’ benefits and interests (continued)

         (a)   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

               (i)     The non-executive directors, Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Yang Zhicheng and Ms. Wu Bijun did not
                       receive any emoluments from the Group during the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017.
                       Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Yang Zhicheng and Ms. Wu Bijun have respectively made arrangements with
                       the Company under which they have waived or agreed to waive their emoluments.

               (ii)    The director, Mr. Guo Zhanjun joined the Group in August 2017.

               (iii)   The independent non-executive directors, Mr. Mei Wenjue and Mr. Rui Meng were appointed as
                       directors of the Company in May 2018.

               (iv)    The independent non-executive director, Mr. Chen Weiru, was appointed as director of CG
                       Property Services in May 2016 and director of the Company in May 2018.

         (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits

               There were no retirement benefits was paid to or receivable by directors during the year by defined
               benefit pension plans operated by the Group.

         (c)   Directors’ termination benefits

               There were no director’s termination benefits subsisted during the year.

         (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

               There was no consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services subsisted
               during the year.

         (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
               bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

               There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate
               by and connected entities with such directors subsisted during the year.

         (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

               The Chairman and non-executive director, Ms. Yang Huiyan, is an executive director of CGH. The
               Group’s transactions with CGH and related entities are set out in Note 32.

               Except for mentioned above, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the
               Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a
               material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted during the year.




144   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. Events occurred after the reporting period

   On 11 January 2019, the Company entered into a placing and subscription agreement with Concrete
   Win Limited (“Concrete Win”), a company wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan, and a placing agent
   (the “Agreement”) (the “Placing”). The placing agent had conditionally agreed to place, on a fully underwritten
   basis, 168,761,000 existing shares at the placing price of HKD11.61 per Share. Pursuant to the Agreement,
   Concrete Win conditionally agreed to subscribe at the placing price for the same number of new shares as the
   placing shares that have been placed by the placing agent. The placing was completed in January 2019 and
   the net proceeds received by the Company, after deducting relating fees and expenses, were approximately
   HKD1,939 million.

   In January 2019, the Group entered into equity transfer agreements with certain third parties to acquire 100%
   equity interest in each of Shanghai Lianyuan Property Development Company Limited (“Shanghai Lianyuan”)
   and Guangdong Yuanhai Asset Property Investment Management Company Limited (“Guangdong Yuanhai”)
   at a cash consideration of RMB136 million and RMB100 million, respectively (the “Acquisitions”). The
   Acquisitions have not been completed as of the date of these financial statements. Shanghai Lianyuan and
   Guangdong Yuanhai will become subsidiaries of the Group upon the completion of the Acquisitions.

   On 19 March 2019, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with a connected person
   (the “Vendor”), pursuant to which the Group has conditionally agreed to purchase and the Vendor has
   conditionally agreed to sell the remaining 30% equity interest in Shengshi at a cash consideration of
   RMB90,000,000. Shengshi will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group upon the completion of the
   equity transfer.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018     145
      GLOSSARY

      The Company

      “Board”                        the board of Directors

      “Bright Scholar”               Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the
                                     Cayman Islands with limited liability and the shares of which are listed in the
                                     form of American Depository Shares representing Class A Ordinary shares on
                                     the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE ticker: BEDU)

      “Bright Scholar Group”         Bright Scholar, its subsidiaries and its variable interest entities

      “Company” or “CG Service”      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (碧 桂 園 服 務 控 股 有 限
                                     公 司), a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, the
                                     shares of which are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (Stock
                                     Code: 6098)

      “China Index Academy”          China Index Academy (中國指數研究院), an independent global market research
                                     and consulting company, which was established in 1994 in the PRC

      “Corporate Governance Code”    Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules

      “Chairman”                     the Chairman of the Board

      “Chief Financial Officer”      the chief financial officer of the Company

      “CG Property Services”         Guangdong Country Garden Property Services Co., Ltd.* (廣東碧桂園物業服務
                                     股 份 有 限 公 司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                     liability and our wholly-owned subsidiary

      “CG Business Management”       Guangzhou Country Garden Business Management Company Limited (廣州碧桂
                                     園 商 業 管 理 有 限 公 司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability
                                     and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CG Holdings

      “CG Holdings” or “CGH”         Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (碧 桂 園 控 股 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                     liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, the shares of which are
                                     listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2007)

      “CGH Group”                    CGH and its subsidiaries

      “Concrete Win”                 Concrete Win Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the BVI on 7
                                     April 2006, one of our Controlling Shareholders and is beneficially wholly-owned
                                     by Ms. Yang Huiyan

      “Directors”                    the directors of the Company

      “Deed of Non-competition”      the deed of non-competition dated 29 May 2018 entered into by Ms. Yang
                                     Huiyan in favour of our Company

      “YIHAN”                        EH Consulting (億 翰 智 庫), a consulting firm specializing in the PRC real estate
                                     industry and listed on the NEEQ (stock code: 837350)




146    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                           GLOSSARY


“Fenghuang Youxuan”         Guangdong Shunde Fenghuang Youxuan Commercial Company Limited* (廣 東
                            順 德 鳳 凰 優 選 商 業 有 限 公 司), a limited liability company established in the PRC
                            on 24 January 2017 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CGH

“Group”                     the Company and its subsidiaries

“Genesis Capital”           Genesis Capital Global Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the
                            BVI on 28 July 2014, one of our Controlling Shareholders and is beneficially
                            wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan

“Golden Value”              Golden Value Investments Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the
                            BVI on 10 August 2012, one of our Controlling Shareholders and is beneficially
                            wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan

“HK$”                       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                 the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Listing Rules”             the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”              19 June 2018, the date on which our Shares are first listed and from which
                            dealings in our Shares first commence on the Main Board of the Stock
                            Exchange

“Model Code”                the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                            out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“Pre-Listing Share Option   a pre-listing share option scheme adopted by the then shareholders of the
  Scheme”                   Company on 13 March 2018

“PRC”                       the People’s Republic of China

“Qualified Shareholders”    the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
                            Company on Tuesday, 28 May 2019

“RMB”                       Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Stock Exchange”            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Shunbi Property”           Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development Company Limited* (佛山
                            市 順 德 區 碧 桂 園 物 業 發 展 有 限 公 司), a limited liability company established in
                            the PRC on 2 April 1997 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CGH

“Sure Brilliant”            Sure Brilliant Global Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the BVI
                            on 8 November 2018, one of our Controlling Shareholders and is beneficially
                            wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan




                                                                                          Annual Report 2018     147
      GLOSSARY


      “Shareholders”                        shareholders of the Company

      “SFO”                                 the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

      “Three Supplies and                   water, electricity, heat supply and property management
        Property Management”

      “The Year”                            The year ended 31 December 2018

      “Wangshenghuo”                        Shenshen Wangshenghuo Internet Technology Company Limited (深 圳 市 旺 生
                                            活 互 聯 網 科 技 有 限 公 司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on
                                            23 September 2015 and owned as to 9.9% by CG Property Services, 71.1%
                                            by Foshan Jingde Investment Management Company Limited* (佛 山 市 敬 德 投
                                            資 管 理 有 限 公 司), an independent third party and 19% by Tianjin Wangwuxian
                                            Business Management Consultation Partnership (Limited Partnership)(天 津 市 旺
                                            無 限 企 業 管 理 諮 詢 合 夥 企 業（有 限 合 夥）), an independent third party

      “Zengcheng Qingyuan”                  Zengcheng Qingyuan Waterworks Company Limited* (增城市清源自來水廠有限
                                            公 司) , a company established under the laws of the PRC

      “2018 EGM”                            the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on Thursday, 22
                                            November 2018

      “2019 AGM”                            the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Monday, 20 May
                                            2019

      “%”                                   per cent



      *   For identification purpose only




148       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
 碧桂園服務控股有限公司




Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited




                                                                                        2018
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT




                                                   碧桂園服務控股有限公司

2 018 A N N U A L R EP O RT
                                                   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                   (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                                   Stock Code: 6098
