(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code: 6098




                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Content
2    Corporate Overview                      66    Report of the Directors

4    Corporate Information                   106   Independent Auditor’s Report

6    Major Events                            111   Consolidated Statement of
                                                     Profit or Loss and Other
13   Awards and Honours                              Comprehensive Income

15   Chairman’s Statement                    112   Consolidated Statement of
                                                     Financial Position
19   Financial Summary
                                             114   Consolidated Statement of
20   Management Discussion and Analysis              Changes in Equity

39   Biographical Details of Directors and   115   Consolidated Statement of
       Senior Management                             Cash Flows
46   Corporate Governance Report
                                             116   Notes to the Consolidated
                                                     Financial Statements
    CORPORATE OVERVIEW

    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company” or “CG Services”) (stock code: 6098.HK) is a
    leading integrated service provider in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) covering diversified business forms.
    The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “We” or “CG Services Group”) have won industry-leading customer
    satisfaction rate and gained high recognition in the industry with our outstanding service quality and service brands. We
    have won well-recognized awards in the industry including “2025 Leading Property Management Companies in China
    in terms of Marketisation of Business” (2025中國物業管理行業市場化運營領先企業) and “2025 Leading Companies
    in China in terms of Property Technology Empowerment” (2025中國物業科技賦能領先企業) granted by China Index
    Academy; “2025 First in Property Management Companies in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength” (2025中國
    物業企業綜合實力第1名) and “2025 First in Property Management Companies in China in terms of Service Capability”
    (2025中國物業企業服務力第1名) granted by YIHAN (億翰智庫); and “2025 Leading Property Management Companies
    in China in terms of Social Responsibility Contribution” (2025中國物業社會責任貢獻領先企業) and “2025 Leading Listed
    Property Management Companies in China in terms of ESG Sustainable Development” (2025中國物業管理上市公司ESG
    可持續發展領先企業) granted by CRIC Property Management.

    Founded in 1992, the Group achieved 34 years of steady development. It always adheres to the service concepts of
    “Catering for property owners’ urgent needs; address property owners’ concerns” and “Property owner-oriented”. With
    strong business capability and lean management, it has completed three major certifications of the British Standards
    Institution (BSI), being quality management system ISO, environmental management system ISO and occupational health
    and safety system. It has formed a comprehensive and efficient property management service system, and is committed
    to letting property owners experience the beauty of property management services through strong offline service system
    and consolidation of community business resources. Furthermore, it provides full life-cycle services by focusing on
    preservation and appreciation of the value of owners’ real estates.

    Our major business sectors include: (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services, (iii)
    value added services to non-property owners, (iv) the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, (v)
    environmental business (the main business of the former city services business) and (vi) commercial operational services,
    which constitute part of our comprehensive services we provide to customers that cover the full range of value chain
    in property management. As at 31 December 2025, apart from the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
    businesses, our revenue-bearing gross floor area (“GFA”) was approximately 1,070.4 million sq.m.. In addition, the
    revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
    businesses was approximately 88.8 million sq.m.. We managed a total of 8,268 property projects. These projects cover
    31 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions in Chinese Mainland and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
    and overseas, with a focus on five key economically developed city clusters, including the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze
    River Delta, the middle reaches of the Yangtze River, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region and the Chengdu-Chongqing
    Region in China.

    Property management services – We provide property owners, residents and property developers with a series of
    property management services, including security, cleaning, green landscaping, gardening, repair and maintenance,
    and other services. We have been optimizing our property management portfolio and enriching our forms of projects.
    Currently, our property management portfolio covers residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings,
    industrial parks, multi-purpose complexes, government buildings, hospitals, schools and other public facilities, such as
    airport terminals, highway service stations, scenic areas and other non-residential properties.

    Community value-added services – We are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle community life
    services operator”. By focusing on the family growth cycle of property owners, the property value cycle and the mature
    development cycle of communities, we strive to provide property owners with comprehensive community life services
    to meet their needs for asset value preservation and appreciation and daily life needs, so as to enable property owners
    to experience the beauty of property management services. Community value-added services have been developed
    as a new engine to drive sustainable and stable growth of the Group. Based on the community and property service
    scenarios, we continuously build community value-added service businesses that satisfy customers, and possess
    differentiation and marketization capabilities, and drive the shift in our business structure from resource-based businesses
    to market-oriented businesses, thereby driving the scale expansion and quality improvement of our community value-
    added services. Five major businesses have formed in our community value-added services sector: (i) home services; (ii)
    community media services; (iii) local living services; (iv) real estate brokerage services; and (v) community area services.

2   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                     Corporate Overview


Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners – The value-added services to non-property owners we provide mainly
include (i) management consultancy services to property developers for their presale activities, as well as consultancy
services for properties managed by other property management companies; (ii) cleaning services, green landscaping,
repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-delivery stage; (iii) sales and leasing agency services of
unsold parking spaces and properties; and (iv) elevator products installation, supporting services and other services.

“Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses – In 2018, we established a joint venture and began to enter the
separation and transfer of property management and heat supply on the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
Reform. Since our establishment, we continued to promote in-depth integration with our partners and had achieved
initial results in terms of operation management, market expansion, quality management, intelligent construction and
community value-added services. We jointly promoted the gradual expansion of our business scope to the integrated
services provided to office properties, and the plants, industrial parks, oil and gas plants and stations of petroleum and
petrochemical enterprises, and the integrated logistics services provided to state-owned enterprises including staff
canteens. We will give full play to our successful experience in this benchmarking project and continue to further develop
the “Three Supplies and Property Management” field by establishing a new operating mechanism and exploring a new
management model.

Environmental business – The Group focuses on core sectors including smart city (ecological) environmental operation
and maintenance, solid waste treatment and resource utilisation, environmental governance, green technology services,
manufacturing of environmental technology equipment, industrial park services, operation and maintenance of high
speed transportation and hubs, in order to deliver integrated environmental governance solutions for urban development,
industrial upgrading and livable communities covering eco-friendly design, construction and renovation and smart
operations.

Commercial operational services – The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood centers, office buildings and other
projects with full-chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing, operation and planning services,
mainly including (i) conducting commercial operation and management of the properties owned by leasing developers
or property owners; (ii) providing property market research and positioning services at the investment stage of property
developers; (iii) providing market research and positioning, business planning consulting, tenant solicitation and opening
preparation services to property developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties;
and (iv) providing tenant solicitation, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of
property operation.

On 19 June 2018, the Company was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”),
indicating its formal entrance into the international capital market. Since the listing, its position in the international capital
market was gradually enhanced – It was included as a constituent stock of the MSCI China All Shares Index on 31
August 2018, and was included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index and in
the Hong Kong Stock Connect stock list on 10 September 2018. The Company implements environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) concepts and practices in its business operations and has obtained industry-leading international
ESG ratings, receiving a rating of AA (the highest industry rating in Chinese Mainland) in the MSCI ESG ratings assessment;
the Company was rated as “low-risk” by the Sustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings (with a score of 12.9) and has been
honored as the enterprise with the “Highest Regional (Asia Pacific) ESG Rating” for three consecutive years since 2023;
was rated 35 on the S&P Global ESG Scores; and was selected as a constituent stock of FTSE4Good Index Series by
FTSE Russell in December 2022 and has maintained such rating since then.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        3
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Executive Directors                                                    Mr. Xu Binhuai
    Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)                                             Mr. Chen Dilin
    Mr. Xiao Hua
                                                                           REGISTERED OFFICE
    Non-executive Director                                                 Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
    Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                                             P.O. Box 2681
                                                                           Grand Cayman
    Independent Non-executive Directors                                    KY1-1111
    Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                         Cayman Islands
    Mr. Rui Meng
    Mr. Chen Weiru                                                         PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. Zhao Jun
                                                                           HONG KONG
                                                                           4th Floor, Ruttonjee House
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                        Ruttonjee Centre
    Mr. Rui Meng (Chairman)                                                11 Duddell Street
    Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                         Central
    Mr. Chen Weiru                                                         Hong Kong
    Mr. Zhao Jun

                                                                           HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                                 PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. Chen Weiru (Chairman)
                                                                           West Building of Country Garden Office
    Ms. Yang Huiyan
                                                                           Beijiao Town
    Mr. Mei Wenjue
                                                                           Shunde District, Foshan
                                                                           Guangdong Province
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                   PRC
    Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)
    Mr. Rui Meng
    Mr. Chen Weiru
                                                                           CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL
    Mr. Zhao Jun                                                           SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                                           TRANSFER OFFICE
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND                                              Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                                           Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
    GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                                                   P.O. Box 2681
    Mr. Xu Binhuai (Chairman)
                                                                           Grand Cayman
    Mr. Xiao Hua
                                                                           KY1-1111
    Ms. Yang Huiyan
                                                                           Cayman Islands
    Mr. Chen Weiru
    Mr. Zhao Jun
                                                                           HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
    DEBT RECOVERY COMMITTEE*                                               REGISTRAR
    Mr. Xu Binhuai (Chairman)                                              Tricor Investor Services Limited
    Mr. Xiao Hua                                                           17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Mr. Rui Meng                                                           16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong


    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                              AUDITORS
    Mr. Chen Dilin                                                         Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Solicitor in Hong Kong)                          Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
                                                                           35/F, One Pacific Place
                                                                           88 Queensway, Hong Kong
    *    In addition to the Directors presented, there are another three
         members that are core management of the Company (one of
         whom was appointed on 27 March 2026)



4   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Corporate Information



LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong laws:
WOO KWAN LEE & LO
26/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central
Hong Kong

PILLSBURY WINTHROP SHAW PITTMAN LLP
Suite 1704, 17/F, Alexandra House,18 Chater Road,
Central
Hong Kong

As to PRC laws:
Beijing Dacheng Law Offices, LLP (Shanghai)
9th/24th/25th Floor, Shanghai World Financial Center
No.100 Century Avenue, Shanghai, China

AllBright Law Offices
12/F, Shanghai Tower, No. 501 Yincheng Middle Road
Pudong New Area, Shanghai

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

COMPANY WEBSITE
www.bgyfw.com

STOCK CODE
6098

LISTING DATE
19 June 2018




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025   5
    MAJOR EVENTS



                    January
                    1. The Group held a capital market symposium at its Shunde headquarters, which successfully attracted several well-
                       known domestic investment institutions, led by Shanghai Wealspring Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“Wealspring
                       Asset”), and obtained recognition from them. Subsequently, Wealspring Asset acquired and held over 5% of the
                       Company’s total issued shares in February 2025.

                    2. 18 office buildings projects managed by the commercial and office business department of the Group were awarded
                       the Grade A WELL Health-Safety Rating (WELL HSR) by the International WELL Building Institute. These 18 projects
                       cover a total managed area of approximately 3.83 million sq.m., serving nearly 15,000 customers. Meanwhile, the Group
                       launched the “F·I·N·E” City-Friendly Service System, centered on the core values of being “Friendly, Inclusive, Natural,
                       and Efficient”. This system focuses on fostering multi-dimensionally friendly development of customers, employees,
                       communities, and the ecosystem. The projects achieved full coverage of AED equipment, implemented real-time PM2.5
                       monitoring systems and “Sky Gardens,” creating “Breathing Office Buildings.”




                    February
                    The Group coordinated with its regional offices and projects across the nation to organise a “Hundred-Family Banquet”
                    in celebration of the Spring Festival, aiming to create a warm gathering filled with traditional lunar year atmosphere
                    and neighbourhood harmony for property owners, welcoming the arrival of the Spring Festival together. The banquet
                    invited families of property owners to cut paper window decorations, to write the character “Fu (福)”, to perform
                    shows, to taste delicious dishes and to chat about daily lives, bringing everyone closer amid the aroma of home-
                    cooked food. This initiative not only promoted traditional culture and enhanced the sense of community happiness, but
                    also demonstrated the achievements of property management and residents working together to build a warm home.




6   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                          Major Events




March
1. The Group announced its 2024 annual results, with total revenue increasing by approximately 3.2% from
   approximately RMB42,611.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB43,992.9
   million. Profit remained stable with a modest increase, and gross profit amounted to approximately RMB8,400.6
   million. The Group had sufficient bank deposits and structured deposits amounting to RMB18.18 billion in
   total and its net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB3.87 billion. The Group declared a
   dividend of RMB0.99 billion for the full year of 2024, exceeding 55% of the net profit attributable to owners of the
   Company for 2024, which demonstrates our commitment to sharing operating results with shareholders actively
   and reflects the robust financial position of the Company.

2. The Group launched its first “Party-Mass Volunteer Service Month”. During the year, 1,345 new party and mass
   volunteer service teams were established, bringing the cumulative total to 4,511 teams. Throughout the year, the
   Group carried out 33,077 volunteer service activities, providing 1,684,214 person-times of service to the public.




April
In collaboration with authoritative organizations including the China Disaster Prevention Association and the
ZhongJianXie Certification Centre, the Group jointly compiled the “Competence Evaluation of Housing Health
Check Institutions”. By leveraging a five-dimensional health assessment system encompassing structural safety,
environmental wellness, scenario comfort, community ecology and cultural enrichment, the Group provides precise
“health check reports” for buildings. A general-benefit service system has been preliminarily established, comprising 4
major categories and 17 basic inspection items. Deep housing health checks for property owners in community have
been rolled out in several pioneer pilot cities, including Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Dongguan and Hainan.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025          7
    Major Events




                     May
                     Mr. Meng Rui (蒙瑞), the project manager of the Group’s Renhe Services (Inner Mongolia
                     Region), was honored as a 2025 National Model Worker by the CPC Central Committee
                     and the State Council.




                     June
                     1. The Group entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with the Kashgar Municipal People’s Government.
                        Both parties will engage in in-depth cooperation focusing on areas such as property service enhancement, smart
                        community construction, and service innovation. By establishing demonstration projects, the Group aims to lead
                        the overall improvement of the property service industry in Kashgar, providing residents with higher-quality, more
                        efficient, and more convenient property management services, which marks an innovative practice of “Jointly
                        Building a Better City and Sharing a Quality Life (共建美好城市、共享品質生活) ”.

                     2. The Party committee of the Group issued the “Eight-Point Directive for Party Members in Disaster Relief (黨
                        員抗災救災八條) ”, calling on Party members to play a pioneering and exemplary role in response to floods,
                        heavy rains, and typhoons within property service projects. Throughout the year, Party organizations and Party-
                        mass volunteer service teams across various projects carried out disaster response and recovery work on 432
                        occasions.




8   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                       Major Events




July
The Group’s subsidiary, Beijing Zhongke Guoxing
Innovation Service Co., Ltd. (北京中科國興創新服
務有限公司) entered into the framework cooperation
agreement with CSSC Ocean STAR Culture
Development Co., Ltd. (中船藍海星（北京）文化
發展有限責任公司) at the 714 Research Institute
(七一四研究所), to engage in diverse cooperation
in areas such as science education, cultural and
creative products, cultural services, and community
building with its respective professional strengths
and resource integration capabilities, aiming to
promote the deep integration of technology and life,
create distinctive cultural spaces, enrich residents’
spiritual lives, and provide community residents with
a better service experience.




August
1. The Group announced its 2025 interim results, with an operating revenue of approximately RMB23,190 million,
   representing a year-on-year increase of 10.2%, with core net profit attributable to the owners of approximately
   RMB1,570 million and bank deposits and structured deposits of approximately RMB16,470 million, demonstrating
   that the cash on hand of the Group was still sufficient. The revenue structure was diversified and optimised on
   an ongoing basis, and the revenue from core business continued to grow with strengthening fundamentals.
   Property management services recorded a revenue of approximately RMB13,610 million, representing a year-on-
   year increase of 6.7%. Community value-added services recorded a revenue of approximately RMB2,100 million,
   representing a year-on-year increase of 5.3%. The “Three Supplies and Property Management” service recorded a
   revenue of approximately RMB5,070 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 51.6%.

2. The Group’s subsidiary, Beijing Zhongke Guoxing Innovation Service Co., Ltd.(北京中科國興創新服務有限公
   司) achieved formal strategical cooperation with National Public Nutrition Improvement Project Office (國家公眾
   營養改善項目辦公室). Leveraging its nationwide community network and solid local service capabilities, it deeply
   embedded physical service modules into community scenarios, and translated macro policy execution into health
   services that residents can perceive and access, effectively achieving “Health for Every Household (健康進萬家)”,
   which was a significant breakthrough in overcoming the “Last Mile (最後一公里)” health service challenge, driving
   the upgrade of community public service functions and achieving a leap from single property service to all-round
   health guardianship.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025        9
     Major Events




                      September
                      1. The Group won the “2025 IDC China Future
                         Enterprise Award” (2025年IDC中國未來企業大獎)
                         for its “Integration of Digitalization and Reality with AI-
                         Driven Breakthroughs in Property Scenarios (數實融
                         合，AI驅動物業場景突破)”. The Company actively
                         promoted new decision-making models reshaped
                         by data intelligence, continuously enhanced data
                         platform development, fully safeguarded customer
                         privacy security, and has become the first enterprise
                         in the industry to obtain PIA two-star certification.
                         As an industry-leading mobile intelligent agent, the
                         Company’s proprietary “No. 0 Assistant (零號助
                         理)” empowered business operations to achieve
                         rapid analysis and accurate decision-making.
                         The human-machine collaboration products and
                         solutions focusing on the large-scale application of
                         the cleaning robot “No. 0 Resident (零號居民)”, have
                         created a new service model of human-machine
                         collaboration. At the same time, the Company also
                         collaborated with ecological partners to build a
                         “Property + Elderly Care + Health (物業+養老+健
                         康)” service ecosystem, leading the industry towards
                         intelligence and ecologization.

                      2. The Group’s subsidiary, Guangzhou Tianli Property
                         Service Co., Ltd. (廣州天力物業發展有限公司),
                         has been awarded the first carbon management
                         system certification in the national property industry.
                         Meanwhile, the “CarbonHug (碳護 CarbonHug)”
                         mini-program, a carrier of the carbon inclusive
                         mechanism, commenced operations, achieving for
                         the first time in the industry that the carbon inclusive
                         mechanism applies to tenant enterprises, tenant
                         employees, and property employees within buildings.
                         This award recognized the Company’s leading
                         position in the sustainable development and zero-
                         carbon operation of commercial buildings, marking
                         that the “dual carbon (雙碳)” work has officially
                         entered a new stage of systematic operation, and
                         represented a significant breakthrough in the field of
                         sustainable development.

                      3. The “AI Innovation Competition (AI創新大賽)”
                         jointly organized by the Group and Tencent Cloud,
                         served as the link to promote the application of AI
                         technology in property services. By focusing on the
                         actual needs of the property industry in operations,
                         service, and management, it guides participating
                         teams to explore AI application paths, thereby
                         comprehensively promoting the deep integration of
                         AI technology with property services and accelerating
                         the transformation of technological achievements
                         into actual service effectiveness.



10   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                           Major Events



October
1. The Group organized two open day events for the capital market and the media, held in Guangzhou and Shanghai
   respectively. The themes of the open days were “Human-Machine Collaboration • Enjoy Clean Moments” and
   “Human-Machine Synergy • Smart Living,” which fully demonstrated the deployment of the Group’s cleaning
   robot “No. 0 Resident”. In addition, the Group held face-to-face symposiums with investment institutions, analysts
   and the media, facilitating in-depth discussions on the latest application results and business developments of
   the Group’s cleaning robots. The events attracted over 50 authoritative buy-side and sell-side institutions, and the
   engagement exceeded expectations, earning recognition from investors. Following the events, leading domestic
   securities companies issued offline special research reports on the cleaning robots of the Group.




2. The Group organized studies on the spirit of the Fourth Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee and
   launched the 2nd Party-loving and patriotic corporate culture activity month. The Group’s grassroots governance
   case led by Party building has been selected as the “Yue Governance, Yue Beauty·Guangdong’s First Outstanding
   Cases of Grassroots Governance Led by Party Building (粵治粵美•廣東省首屆黨建引領基層治理優秀案例)”
   initiative by the Social Work Department of the CPC Guangdong Provincial Committee. Throughout the year, the
   Group received 24 provincial party-building honors.




November
The Group has signed an agreement with Anhui Keda Nengtong Technology Co., Ltd. (安徽科大能通科技有限公司)
to jointly establish Anhui Anxun New Energy Technology Development Co., Ltd. (安徽安巡新能源科技發展有限責任
公司). Leveraging the advantages of both shareholders, the company will focus on community new energy services to
help standardise the construction of community charging infrastructure, provide property owners with more convenient
charging products, explore additional service scenarios for new energy vehicles, inject new vitality into the innovative
development of related industries, and create diversified value for property management.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025         11
     Major Events




                       December
                       1. The Group has formally established a strategic partnership with Mengniu Group for comprehensive collaboration
                          in diversified dairy products. An “Efficiency Co-creation Mechanism (效率共創機制)” was jointly created, which
                          significantly reduces the “Last mile (最後一公里)” delivery costs in communities, accelerates service response
                          speed, and provides community residents with more convenient, healthy, and cost-effective dairy products and
                          services through integrating the nationwide property management projects of the Company with Mengniu’s
                          highly efficient and agile logistics network, thereby contributing to the construction of the “Quarter-hour
                          Convenient Living Circle (一刻鐘便民生活圈)”.

                       2. At the 2025 Paper Responsibility Practitioners Annual Conference, the Group has secured two major honors
                          through its systematic innovation and solid practice in green and low-carbon transformation and social welfare.
                          The F·I·N·E City-friendly Service System of Tianli Commercial Office Building Service Division of the Group was
                          awarded “Annual Responsibility Practice ESG (年度責任踐行ESG)”, while the party-mass volunteer service
                          teams of the Company were recognized as the “Annual Responsibility Practice Public Welfare (年度責任踐行
                          公益項目)”. These two awards demonstrate that the Company has deeply integrated sustainable development
                          into its corporate strategy and daily operations, achieving synchronous resonance between commercial value
                          and social value.

                       3. As at 31 December 2025, The Group’s self-developed “No. 0 Resident” cleaning robots have achieved large-
                          scale deployment with 1,053 units delivered. Covering over 200 projects and over 2,500 buildings centered
                          in Guangdong, these robots enable technology to genuinely serve the daily lives of hundreds of thousands of
                          households through human-machine collaboration. This also marks the Company’s entry into a new phase of
                          large-scale application in intelligent property management.




12   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                    AWARDS AND HONOURS



1                       2                       3                     4                       5




6                       7                       8                     9                       10




11                     12                      13                    14                       15


    1    2025 Leading Companies in China in terms of            CRIC Property Management, China Property
         Commercial Property Service                            Management Research Institution
    2    2025 First in TOP 500 Property Management Companies CRIC Property Management, China Property
         in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength         Management Research Institution
    3    2025 Leading Companies in China in terms of Smart      CRIC Property Management, China Property
         Property Service                                       Management Research Institution
    4    2025 Leading Companies in China in terms of            CRIC Property Management, China Property
         Residential Property Service                           Management Research Institution
    5    2025 Leading Property Companies in China in terms of   CRIC Property Management, China Property
         Premium Quality and Value                              Management Research Institution
    6    2025 Leading Companies in China in terms of Property   CRIC Property Management, China Property
         Management Quality                                     Management Research Institution
    7    2025 TOP 100 China Property Management Companies CRIC Property Management, China Property
         by Brand Value                                   Management Research Institution
    8    2025 TOP 100 Property Management Companies in          Beijing China Index Academy
         China
    9    2025 Outstanding Property Management Companies in      Beijing China Index Academy
         China in terms of ESG Development
    10   2025 Outstanding Companies in China in terms of        Beijing China Index Academy
         Commercial Property Service Capability
    11   2025 Leading Companies in terms of Smart City Service Beijing China Index Academy
    12   2025 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management         Beijing China Index Academy
         Companies in China in terms of Business Performance
    13   2025 First in Good Employers in China’s Property       YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
         Industry
    14   2025 China’s Model Property Management Companies       YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
         for Characteristic Properties (Community Value-added
         Services)
    15   2025 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management         Beijing China Index Academy
         Companies in China in terms of Business Performance



                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025   13
      Awards and Honours




     16                       17                         18                 19                 20




     21                       22                         23                 24                 25




     26                       27                         28                 29                 30


      16      2025 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management       Beijing China Index Academy
              Companies in China in terms of Service Scale
      17      2025 Top 10 Listed Property Management Companies Guandian Index Academy
              with Outstanding Financial Performance
      18      2025 Influential Property Management Companies       Guandian Index Academy
      19      2025 First in TOP 500 Property Management Companies CRIC Property Management, China Property
              in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength          Management Research Institution
      20      2025 9th in TOP 100 Companies in Foshan, 2025 7th in Foshan Enterprise Confederation, Foshan
              TOP 100 Private Companies in Foshan                  Entrepreneur Association
      21      2025 5th in TOP 30 Companies in Foshan in terms      Foshan Enterprise Confederation, Foshan
              of Profit and Tax Contribution, 2025 19th in TOP     Entrepreneur Association
              30 Companies in Foshan in terms of Technological
              Innovation
      22      2025 5th in TOP 100 Companies in Shunde              Foshan Shunde Enterprise Confederation
                                                                   (佛山市順德區企業聯合會), Foshan Shunde
                                                                   Entrepreneur Association (佛山市順德區企業家協會)
      23      2025 Leading Companies in the Guangdong-Hong         Beijing China Index Academy
              Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area in terms of Property
              Service Market Position
      24      2025 First in TOP 100 Property Management Companies CPM Think Tank
              in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength
      25      2025 Extraordinary Growth Company                    China Investment Network, Biaodian Finance
                                                                   (標點財經), Investment Time (投資時間)
      26      2025 Brand Value Research Report                     CRIC Property Management, China Property
                                                                   Management Research Institution
      27      2025 Leading Listed Property Management Companies CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
              in China in terms of ESG Sustainable Development     Information Technology Co., Ltd.
      28      2025 Outstanding Enterprise                          ifeng.com, House.ifeng.com, Fengcaixun
      29      2025 Excellent Cases of Responsibility Practice – Public The Paper
              Welfare Project of Annual Responsibility Practice
      30      2025 China’s Old Residential Communities Benchmark     YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
              Project of Property Management – Linfen Residential
              Quarter, Jing’an District, Shanghai
              (上海市靜安區臨汾小區)


14    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

To create a better society
with our existence




Dear Shareholders,

The board of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company hereby reports that the Group has achieved a revenue
of approximately RMB48,353.7 million, with gross profit of approximately RMB8,455.9 million for the year ended
31 December 2025 (the “Year”). The core net profit* attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to
approximately RMB2,519.0 million. The Board proposed a dividend for the Year with a total amount of approximately
RMB1,511.4 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB522.5 million as compared with 2024. The Company
has fulfilled its share repurchase commitment, with total repurchases# amounting to approximately RMB502.9 million,
and the repurchased shares have since been cancelled, in appreciation to all Shareholders for their continuous support
to and trust in the Company.

“Building a Stable Foundation for a Shared Future” – this is not only a solemn commitment we make to our shareholders,
but also the business philosophy to which CG Services has remained steadfast amid a dynamic and ever-changing
market environment. The year 2025 marked a year of deep transformation and strategic foundation-building in the
development of CG Services. Facing the dual pressures of deep industry restructuring and macroeconomic environment,
our management and all employees have steadfastly implemented the strategic priorities of “ensuring stability,
maintaining growth, and pursuing breakthroughs”. Through concerted efforts and mutual assistance, we navigated the
cyclical fluctuations with strategic resolve. In terms of financial performance, our greater property management segment^
continued to serve as a stable pillar, generating revenue of approximately RMB33,111.8 million, representing a year-on-

*    Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding share-based payment expenses, amortisation charges of intangible
     assets — contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions,
     impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities, gains or losses from disposal
     of subsidiaries, expected losses on external guarantee, impairment provision or reversal of receivables from related parties, gains or losses
     on fair value changes of contingent considerations related to performance guarantees and the impact of the related income tax expenses
     and non-controlling interests arising from the aforementioned adjustments
#
     During the period from 28 March 2025 to 12 February 2026
^
     Greater property management segment includes the property management services, community value-added services, value-added
     services to non-property owners and other services


                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025           15
     Chairman’s Statement


     year increase of approximately 6.2% and accounting for nearly 70% of the total revenue. We have continuously optimized
     our revenue structure, with revenue from related parties remaining at an extremely low level of approximately 1.1% for
     two consecutive years, having a leading position among top property management companies. This underscores our
     outstanding capability for market-driven, independent operations. These hard-won results validate our strategic choice of
     “building a stable foundation” and have accumulated strong momentum for a “shared future.”

     Cash flow is the lifeblood of a property management company and the cornerstone of steady development. During
     the Year, we achieved a ratio of net cash from operating activities to core net profit attributable to the owners of the
     Company of approximately 1.0 time, successfully meeting the cash flow management target and providing a solid
     protection for stable operations. We implemented multiple measures to strengthen cash flow management, establishing
     effective long-term collection mechanisms to ensure sustained cash flow safety and health, providing a solid foundation
     for future development and shareholder returns.

     Underpinned by our strategic direction, we have achieved milestone progress over the past year. Based on the
     “PARA” model encompassing People, Agent, Robot and AIoT, we have reshaped service processes to drive value
     creation through technological innovation. Through the collaborative work of human and robots, we have achieved
     multiple objectives such as cost reduction, quality improvement, and enhancement of satisfaction of property owners.
     Collaboration between human and intelligent agents has freed up property managers to focus more on property
     owner relationship management and community service innovation. Leveraging AIoT and intelligent agents for quality
     inspections, we have established closed-loop processes for automatic task assignment and effectiveness verification,
     improving response times. This innovative practice not only provides our distinctive solution for the digital and intelligent
     transformation of the industry but also demonstrates our future development direction of empowering traditional
     industries with technology.

     Quality of services and operations remains fundamental to our operations and the most direct reflection of our
     commitment to “building a stable foundation”. In line with the industry development trend of comprehensively enhancing
     the quality of property services, the Group takes the satisfaction rate of property owners as its core orientation, improves
     its service standardization system, and responds to the society’s urgent expectations for high-quality property services
     through tangible improvements in contract performance capabilities. In terms of project health management, we adhere
     to a categorized and targeted approach. For loss-making projects, we optimized resource allocation and implemented
     turnaround plans, achieving a considerable aggregate net profit amount. For projects with low satisfaction levels, we
     invested dedicated funds for improvement initiatives, with a focus on addressing customer complaints and enhancing
     service quality. For projects with high satisfaction but low profitability, we improved contract performance capabilities
     through digitalized operations and generated additional revenue by coordinating value-added services, achieving
     significant annual cost savings. Overall, digitalization-driven cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, together with
     business model innovation, have significantly improved operational efficiency and driven a comprehensive improvement
     in project health.

     In the face of the surging wave of technology, we proactively embraced the change, and anchored artificial intelligence
     as a core competitive advantage for future development. In response to the industry development trend of building
     integrated smart community service platforms, the Group actively leverages digital and intelligent means to integrate
     community service resources and enhance the efficiency of convenient and beneficial services, ensuring the effective
     translation from technology empowerment into improved quality of lives for residents. We independently developed the
     “No. 0 Assistant (零號助理)” based on the technologies of large-scale AI models and took the lead in launching two
     applications, “I See (一看)” and “I Win (一問)”. “I See” serves as a data assistant for managers, covering over 8,000
     management personnel to date. “I Win” functions as an intelligent agent team for employees, establishing an industry-
     leading AI knowledge base with cumulative Q&A exceeding 170,000 entries.




16   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Chairman’s Statement


Simultaneously, we have deeply integrated AI and IoT technologies into our operations, with 273 units of ride-on
commercial cleaning equipment integrated into the intelligent monitoring module achieving an equipment usage rate of
96% and reducing the cost of internally developed modules by approximately 75%; we have generated revenue of over
RMB16 million from parking lot operations; and we have expanded the digitalization of elevator operations to cover nearly
190,000 units, resulting in an approximately 8% year-on-year decrease in complaints per hundred units, with digitalized
inspection processes implemented across 98% of centrally procured projects. From efficiency enhancement and revenue
growth to service upgrades, AIoT is reshaping our operational effectiveness. Our independently-developed cleaning
robot “No. 0 Resident (零號居民)” has reconstructed a new model of human-machine collaboration. At the end of 2025,
it has achieved scalable delivery and deployment of 1,053 units, covering more than 200 projects, over 2,500 buildings
and 300,000 households. The first batch of 100 units has been in stable operation for over six months. At a project in
Guangzhou, the deployment of robots led to an approximately 6-percentage point increase in customer satisfaction rate.
This demonstrates that standardized and replicable robotic cleaning operations, characterized by stability and efficiency
rate are driving improvements in both operational efficiency and customer satisfaction. Ultimately, the value of technology
must be realized through tangible enhancements to the customer experience.

In market expansion, driven by service standardization and branding, we establish flagship projects with demonstration
effects in more cities, supporting the high-quality development of the industry. In 2025, market expansion progressed
steadily, with annualized revenue from newly contracted projects reaching approximately RMB2,030.0 million,
representing a significant year-on-year increase of approximately 86.5%. We achieved new breakthroughs in both
number of contracted projects and contract value in high-density core cities such as Hangzhou, Guangzhou and
Shenzhen, as well as in key development cities including Suzhou, Kunming and Guiyang. In the IFM sector, we have
successfully expanded into certain large-scale integrated service projects such as Qingdao Hisense Industrial Park (青島
海信產業園) and Hangzhou Hikvision Headquarters Phase II (海康威視杭州總部二期), demonstrating our comprehensive
capabilities in facilities management. Against the macro backdrop of accelerated urban renewal and the in-depth
advancement of complete community construction, the Group closely aligns with the policy direction of high-quality
housing development, strategically expands its presence in the market for existing properties, and actively undertakes
property services following the renovation of old residential communities through its integrated “renovation + long-term
operation” capabilities. The Group also promotes the implementation of safety management capabilities throughout the
entire life cycle of buildings. Moreover, leveraged on the opportunity of construction of the “Quarter-hour Convenient
Living Circle (一刻鐘便民生活圈)”, the Group accelerates its deployment of community commercial services, positioning
itself as a key force in undertaking the extension of urban public services to the grassroots level.

In exploring value-added services, we have remained committed to a transition from resources-based services toward
market-driven services, driving scale growth and quality enhancement in community value-added services. Our liquor
business achieved revenue of approximately RMB709.0 million with a year-on-year increase of approximately 61.5% and
customer repurchase rate rising to 61.3%. The total number of housekeeping service stations within the home services
business increased to 121, with continuously expanding coverage. Meanwhile, in 2025, the pilot model featuring the
separation of “operation, management and sales” for the housekeeping business was successfully validated, laying
a foundation for replication and expansion in 2026. In alignment with the industry’s pivot toward extending property
services into the residential living domain, the active exploration of diversified lifestyle offerings including elderly care,
community dining and household services, the Group has fully leveraged its inherent proximity to property owners to
advance an evolutionary shift in its proposition from “serving residential communities” to “serving living experience”.
By delivering one-stop lifestyle services, the Group endeavours to address the diverse demands of property owners
and provide premium services that enrich people’s quality of life. These breakthroughs, though seemingly small, are
accumulating into a powerful momentum driving sustained business growth.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       17
     Chairman’s Statement


     Sustainable development represents our long-term commitment to society. The Company has continued to gain
     international recognition for its ESG practices, including an AA ESG rating from MSCI (the highest rating among industries
     in Chinese Mainland), being selected as FTSE4Good Index Series by FTSE Russell for four consecutive years and an
     award of enterprise with “Low Risk” by Sustainalytics. In terms of environment, our contracted energy management
     projects are expected to reduce carbon emissions by 8,101 tons, while paperless office initiatives have cumulatively cut
     emissions by 4,133 tons. As for social responsibility, we have provided a career development platform for over 7,200
     veterans and formed over 4,500 service teams comprised of Party members and volunteers. In terms of corporate
     governance, business ethics training has achieved full coverage for all employees. We continue to advance the ESG
     concepts into our daily operations and respond through concrete actions to the expectations placed upon the Company
     in this era. Aligned with the nation’s green and low-carbon development strategy and the prevailing policy directives
     toward brand building and standardization within the property sector, the Group will continue to deepen its energy-
     conservation and carbon-reduction initiatives. We will play an active role in grassroots community governance, fulfilling
     the bridging role of property services enterprises in resident self-governance, neighbourhood security stewardship
     and the provision of essential livelihood service, thereby demonstrating our responsiveness to the aspirations of all
     stakeholders across society through the tangible outcomes of high-quality corporate development.

     Looking ahead, the nation’s 15th Five-Year Plan outlines a new direction for high-quality development for property
     management industry, i.e, empowering service upgrades with technology, deepening grassroots governance with focus
     on people’s wellbeing, and leading sustainable development through green low-carbon initiatives. For the first time,
     property services have been incorporated into the nation’s top-level planning framework. Spanning the construction of
     quality housing, full life-cycle safety management of properties, the branding and standardization of lifestyle services,
     and the embedding of elderly care within communities, unprecedented favourable policies now extend across every
     core segment of the property industry, indicating that property services have decisively transitioned from a peripheral
     supporting function within the real estate ecosystem to an integral component of the people’s livelihood infrastructure.
     CG Services will actively respond to the national strategy, prioritize customer satisfaction and accelerate the value
     flywheel of “Property Services – Market Expansion – Living Services”. Through continuously strengthening our operation
     foundation supported by the three major systems including digital intelligence empowerment, organizational efficiency
     enhancement and talent development, the Company endeavors to achieve high-quality and sustainable growth. We
     will further our “PARA” strategy, focusing on high-quality business development and value-added service innovation.
     While maintaining the steady development of our basic business operations, we aim to cultivate new growth curves,
     contributing to the advancement of the industry.

     “Building a Stable Foundation for a Shared Future”, eight words for count, encapsulate the operational wisdom CG
     Services has gained over the past year, and also signal our unwavering belief for the future. We are well aware that
     “stability” represents the proactive actions to maintain composure amidst storms and to grasp the law in times of change;
     while “sharing”represents the long-term commitment to working in unison with our shareholders, customers, employees
     and society to create value together. Only with a deep and solid foundation can we flourish, and only by moving steadily
     can we go far and share in prosperity.

     Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to the management team and all employees.
     Your professionalism and resilience are the fundamental guarantees enabling CG Services to navigate through cycles and
     achieve enduring growth in a complex environment. At the same time, CG Services also extends sincere gratitude to
     our shareholders and the broader community for their trust and support. We will continue to reciprocate every trust with
     practical actions, joining hands to advance towards a new chapter, collectively creating a brighter future of high-quality
     development.

     To create a better society with our existence.

     To shape a prosperous future through our insistence on conscience and social responsibility awareness.



     Yang Huiyan
     Chairman of the Board

     Foshan, China, 27 March 2026


18   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                    FINANCIAL SUMMARY

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
                                    2021           2022          2023          2024           2025
                                 RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


Revenue                         28,843,011    41,366,573     42,611,511    43,992,889    48,353,748
Profit before income tax         5,672,839     3,485,638      1,079,650     2,706,706     1,118,629
Income tax expense              (1,323,386)    (1,224,302)     (562,939)     (832,198)      (519,730)
Profit for the year              4,349,453     2,261,336       516,711      1,874,508       598,899
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company            4,033,395     1,943,422       292,335      1,808,357       601,497
Non-controlling interests         316,058        317,914       224,376        66,151          (2,598)
                                 4,349,453     2,261,336       516,711      1,874,508       598,899
Earnings per share for profit
 attributable to owners of
 the Company (expressed
 in RMB cents per share)
Basic                              128.42          57.68           8.69         54.16          18.04
Diluted                            128.01          57.68           8.69         54.16          17.94


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION
                                    2021           2022          2023          2024           2025
                                 RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


Non-current assets              35,612,262    35,420,402     33,374,697    29,026,079    28,927,897
Current assets                  31,200,496    34,656,494     35,869,377    42,228,452    42,912,412
Current liabilities             24,790,556    24,994 ,171    26,383,515    28,332,463    29,940,765
Net current assets               6,409,940     9,662,323      9,485,862    13,895,989    12,971,647
Total assets less current
 liabilities                    42,022,202    45,082,725     42,860,559    42,922,068    41,899,544
Non-current liabilities          3,648,709     5,173,725      4,078,482     3,843,346     3,549,007
Equity attributable to owners
 of the Company                 36,186,874    37,456,431     36,155,873    36,617,030    35,958,290
Non-controlling interests        2,186,619     2,452,569      2,626,204     2,461,692     2,392,247
Total equity                    38,373,493    39,909,000     38,782,077    39,078,722    38,350,537




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The Group is a leading integrated service provider in the PRC covering diversified business forms, including services to
     residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings, industrial parks, multi-purpose complexes, government
     buildings, hospitals, schools and other public facilities, such as airport terminals, highway service stations and cultural
     scenic areas. We have gained industry-leading satisfaction rate from customers and brand reputation with quality
     services, as well as high recognition in a number of sub-segments of the industry. We have won well-recognized
     awards in the industry including “2025 Leading Property Management Companies in China in terms of Marketisation of
     Business” (2025中國物業管理行業市場化運營領先企業) and “2025 Leading Companies in China in terms of Property
     Technology Empowerment” (2025中國物業科技賦能領先企業) granted by China Index Academy; “2025 First in Property
     Management Companies in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength” (2025中國物業企業綜合實力第1名) and
     “2025 First in Property Management Companies in China in terms of Service Capability” (2025中國物業企業服務力第
     1名) granted by YIHAN (億翰智庫); and “2025 Leading Property Management Companies in China in terms of Social
     Responsibility Contribution” (2025中國物業社會責任貢獻領先企業) and “2025 Leading Listed Property Management
     Companies in China in terms of ESG Sustainable Development” (2025中國物業管理上市公司ESG可持續發展領先企業)
     granted by CRIC Property Management.

     The major business sectors of the Group include: (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services,
     (iii) value-added services to non-property owners, (iv) the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, (v)
     environmental business (the main business of the former city services business segment) and (vi) commercial operational
     services, which constitute part of our comprehensive services to customers that cover the full range of the value chain in
     property management.




20   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


Property Management Services

We provide property owners, residents and property developers with a series of property management services, including
security, cleaning, green landscaping, gardening, repair and maintenance, and other services. During the Year, property
management services recorded a revenue of approximately RMB27,929.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of approximately 7.3% as compared to the same period of last year, and its percentage of total revenue amounted to
approximately 57.8%.

The scale of the Group’s property management business has been steadily expanding. As at 31 December 2025, apart
from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, our revenue-bearing GFA was approximately 1,070.4
million sq.m.. In addition, the revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and
Property Management” business was approximately 88.8 million sq.m.. We manage a total of 8,268 property projects,
which cover 31 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions in Chinese Mainland and the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region and overseas, focusing on five key economically developed city clusters, including the Pearl
River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta, the middle reaches of the Yangtze River, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region and the
Chengdu-Chongqing Region in China.

Customer satisfaction is an important foundation for the sustainable development of the Group. We have continued
to build an efficient and lean operation system to support the stability of the basic foundation of services and property
management. The Group actively invested in the development of core capabilities such as intelligent R&D and innovation,
artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things (IoT), committed to empowering services with technology and continuously
improving our service quality, operating efficiency and customer experience. During the Year, the “No. 0 Assistant
(零號助理)”, serving as a management data assistant and an employee AI agent partner, has covered over 8,000
management personnel, achieving a monthly active usage rate of over 80%, deployed 38 smart customer service agents,
and accumulated more than 170,000 Q&A interactions. The cleaning robot “No. 0 Resident (零號居民)” has achieved
scalable delivery and deployment of 1,053 units covering more than 200 projects. For a single project, achieved over
100% improvement in operation man-hours and over 60% increase in per capita operational area, along with a significant
rise in project satisfaction. Driven by AIoT applications to reduce costs and increase revenue, we integrated 273 units
of cleaning equipment into the intelligent monitoring module, increasing the equipment usage rate to 96%; achieved
a revenue from parking lot operations, which increased by approximately RMB16.06 million. Digital monitoring covers
approximately 188,000 elevators, achieving an integration rate of 98% and a year-on-year decrease of approximately 8%
in elevator-related complaints, empowering the continuous improvement of service quality and operational efficiency with
technology.

During the Year, the Group achieved remarkable results in market expansion, with newly added annualised revenue
reaching approximately RMB2.03 billion, marking a significant breakthrough. Our city focus in market expansion
continued to increase. In high-density core cities such as Hangzhou, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, the Group
accumulatively signed 104 projects, and accumulatively signed 30 projects in key cities including Suzhou, Kunming and
Guiyang. We successfully secured Hangzhou Zhuhai Shuiyun (杭州竹海水韵), which successfully established a market
presence in the Hangzhou Chengxi Sci-Tech Innovation Corridor (杭州城西科創大走廊); and the first property owners’
committee project in Suzhou. Suzhou Guantianxia Huayuan (蘇州觀天下花苑), laying a solid foundation for regional
market expansion. During the Year, the Group’s Integrated Facility Management (IFM) market expansion focused on
seven major industries, targeting 44 leading corporate clients across key sectors such as the Internet, new energy,
intelligent manufacturing and healthcare. We successfully secured benchmark projects, including Hikvision Hangzhou
Headquarters (Phase II) (海康威視杭州總部二期), Qingdao Hisense Industrial Park (青島海信產業園), Guoneng Shenhua
Jiujiang Power Plant (國能神華九江電廠) and the First People’s Hospital of Zhaoqing (肇慶市第一人民醫院). The scope
of services includes administration, security, engineering, environmental services, catering and conference services,
demonstrating the Group’s comprehensive service capabilities and industry penetration, which establishes a strong
foundation for further deepening relationships with leading clients and expanding into diversified scenarios.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Community Value-added Services

     We are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle community living services operator”. By focusing on the
     family growth cycle of property owners, the property value cycle and the mature development cycle of communities,
     we strive to provide property owners with comprehensive community living services to meet their needs for asset
     value preservation and appreciation and daily living needs, so as to enable property owners to experience the beauty
     of property management services. Based on the community and property service scenarios, we continuously build
     community value-added service businesses that satisfy customers, and possess differentiation and marketization
     capabilities, and drive the shift in our business structure from resource-based businesses to market-oriented businesses,
     thereby driving the scale expansion and quality improvement of our community value-added services.

     Five major businesses have formed in our community value-added services sector: (i) home services – providing property
     owners with safe, convenient, professional and considerate full – range home services through a standardized operation
     system; (ii) community media services – establishing deep connection between consumers and brands through the
     community media matrix; (iii) local living services – setting up local consumption scenarios for customers and continuously
     adapting to the needs of property owners to customize diversified life services; (iv) real estate brokerage services –
     serving the needs of property owners for asset management and further developing second-hand property rental and
     sale; and (v) community area services – making full use of community space resources and carrying out business with
     the aim of providing convenience to the life of property owners and improving their sense of happiness in their living.

     During the Year, the revenue from the Group’s community value-added services was approximately RMB4,416.5
     million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 5.0% as compared to the same period of last year, and
     its percentage of total revenue was approximately 9.1%. In particular, the revenue from local living services amounted
     to approximately RMB2,607.9 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 19.0% as compared with
     the same period of last year. The retail, liquor business and new energy business under the local living services have
     established a market-oriented deployment and achieved scaled revenue. The liquor business has improved sales and
     operational efficiency by continuously optimizing its supply chain product selection, which steadily strengthened its
     operational foundation and significantly enhanced the core performance indicators, with the revenue increased by 61.5%
     year-on-year, reaching approximately RMB709.0 million. The customer repurchase rate increased to 61.3%, representing
     a significant improvement as compared to last year. Our home services provide property owners with services such
     as cleaning, housekeeping and appliance repair and cleaning. During the Year, the revenue from home services was
     approximately RMB575.7 million. By deepening service site operations, strengthening supply chain control and the
     coordination of marketing, we achieved significant achievements in the pilot validation of home services. The number of
     service sites increased to 121, with concurrent improvement in revenue per service site.

     Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners

     During the Year, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was approximately RMB630.3 million,
     representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 10.6% as compared to the same period of last year, and its
     percentage of the Group’s total revenue further decreased to approximately 1.3%. The value-added services to non-
     property owners we provide mainly include (i) management consultancy services to property developers for their presale
     activities, as well as consultancy services for properties managed by other property management companies; (ii) cleaning
     services, green landscaping, repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-delivery stage; (iii) sales
     and leasing agency services of unsold parking spaces and properties; and (iv) elevator products installation, supporting
     services and other services.




22   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


“Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

The Group established a joint venture in 2018 and began to undergo the separation and transfer of property
management and heat supply under the “Three Supplies and Property Management” reform. As of 31 December 2025,
the revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
business was approximately 88.8 million sq.m.. During the Year, the revenue from the property management business
was approximately RMB9,578.7 million, accounting for approximately 19.8% of the total revenue, and the revenue from
the heat supply business was approximately RMB1,687.5 million, accounting for approximately 3.5% of the total revenue.

During the Year, the Group continued to solidify its service and operational foundation. In the residential sector, we
persistently carried out quality enhancement initiatives, refined our standardized service system, and improved service
quality and efficiency through lean management. Five projects under our management were recognized as case studies
in the Improvement Cases for Service Quality of Residential Community Property published by the China Property
Management Institute. In terms of business expansion, we deepened our presence across diverse sectors, extending
production logistics and operational support services to core areas such as oil and gas fields and refining devices.

Environmental Business

The Group focuses on core sectors such as intelligent operation and maintenance of urban (ecological) environments,
solid waste disposal and resource utilization, environmental protection governance, green technology services,
manufacturing and leasing of environmental industry technology equipment and industrial services. We provide
comprehensive environmental protection governance solutions covering environmental protection design, construction
& renovation, and intelligent operation for urban development, industrial upgrading, and livable communities. During the
Year, our environmental business recorded a revenue of approximately RMB3,355.3 million, and its percentage of the
Group’s total revenue decreased to approximately 6.9%. During the Year, the Group focused on enhancing operational
quality, consolidating its foundation and pursuing prudent expansion as core priorities, driving continuous optimization in
organizational structure, project quality and regional layout. Through smart sanitation, equipment upgrades and refined
operations, we consistently improved the operational efficiency, profitability and cash flow quality of our environmental
business.

Commercial Operational Services

The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood commercial centers, office buildings and other projects with full-
chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing, operation and planning services, mainly including (i)
conducting commercial operation and management of the properties owned by leasing developers or property owners; (ii)
providing property market research and positioning services to property developers at the investment stage; (iii) providing
market research and positioning, business planning consulting, tenant solicitation and opening preparation services to
property developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties; and (iv) providing tenant
solicitation, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of property operation.

During the Year, the commercial operational management business segment of the Group achieved a total revenue of
approximately RMB620.4 million, accounting for approximately 1.3% of the total revenue. Our commercial operational
services formed various product line matrix, including city-grade full-service shopping mall “Bele city” (碧樂城), regional
shopping mall “Bele one” (碧樂匯) and community neighbourhood commercial center “Bele time” (碧樂時光). During the
Year, the Group actively promoted third-party expansion, successfully expanded and implemented Bele City in Boxing,
Binzhou, Shandong (山東濱州博興碧樂城) and Bele One in Sanhe, Langfang, Hebei (河北廊坊三河碧樂匯).




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     PROSPECTS AND FUTURE PLANS
     Lean operations: deepen the grading of services to build a highly efficient operation system

     Customer recognition and satisfaction are the fundamental driving forces behind the sustainable development of the
     Group. In the future, we will adopt a dual-wheel driven approach combining service grading and digital empowerment
     to comprehensively advance the refined operation of our projects, implementing targeted empowerment and precise
     optimisation for projects in different business forms and at various stages of operational performance. For projects with
     low satisfaction levels, we will precisely allocate resources to address service quality gaps and enhance our reputation
     among the property owners. For low profit or loss making projects, we will improve profitability through optimised
     resource allocation, innovative models and enhanced operational efficiency, fostering a virtuous cycle of quality
     improvement, efficiency gains and sustainable growth across all projects. Leveraging digital tools, we will monitor project
     operations in real time and capture the core needs of property owners. By integrating data aggregation and analysis, we
     will formulate scientific management approaches and decision making recommendations, while standardising service
     protocols across all scenarios to ensure consistent service delivery. This will enable more precise operational decisions,
     more efficient on-site responses and more stable service quality, thereby building a solid foundation for the Group’s long-
     term, high-quality and sustainable development.

     Community value-added services: focus on the core needs to accelerate the market-oriented development of
     community value-added services

     The Group is committed to becoming a “provider of integrated whole-cycle community living services”. Focusing on
     the core lifestyle needs of property owners, we continue to establish market-oriented businesses including integrated
     marketing, local retail, liquor and new energy. Moving forward, we will focus on three core levers: scenario-based
     product, expansion in strategic regions and in-depth private domain operations, driving the transformation of the alcohol
     business from selling single products to providing scenario-based solutions. For the in-home services business, we will
     accelerate the replication and expansion upon the rollout of pilot model, deepen the achievements of the “separation
     of operation, marketing and management”, and strengthen supply chain control and the coordination of operation and
     marketing. Meanwhile, we will build core business capabilities, strengthen team building, and drive the transformation
     of our business structure from resource-based operations to market-oriented operations, thereby fueling the scale
     expansion and quality enhancement of our community value-added services.

     Technology empowerment: deepening PARA cooperation and evolution, to reshape a new smart service
     ecosystem

     With artificial intelligence technology entering the stage of large-scale commercial application, the property services
     industry is undergoing a disruptive transformation. The Group has consistently driven digital transformation, reshaping
     service procedures with a PARA cooperation and evolution model, representing a convergence of four forces of “People,
     Agent, Robot and AIoT”. In the future, the Company will promote the deep synergy between the PARA model and the
     transformation of its operating system. Centered around People, Agent, Robot and AIoT, the Company will continue
     to elevate its on-site operating model, accelerating the transformation of service organisations from traditional manual
     operations to human-machine collaboration and data-driven models.




24   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis



FINANCIAL REVIEW#
Revenue

The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services,
(iii) value-added services to non-property owners, (iv) “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, (v)
environmental business and (vi) commercial operational services. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total
revenue increased by approximately 9.9% to approximately RMB48,353.7 million from approximately RMB43,992.9
million for the year ended 31 December 2024. Such increase was mainly attributable to the comprehensive impact of
the continued growth in the revenue from property management services, community value-added services, and the
“Three Supplies and Property Management” business of the Group, as offset by the decrease in revenue from value-
added services to non-property owners as a result of proactive suppression of the Group’s transaction amounts with
customers whose credit risks have significantly increased (the “High-Risk Customers”) and the decline in revenues
from environmental business and commercial operational services. Specific revenue by business is shown below:

(I)   Property management services

      During the Year, the revenue from property management services increased by approximately 7.3% to
      approximately RMB27,929.6 million from approximately RMB26,021.9 million for the year ended 31 December
      2024, accounting for approximately 57.8% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2024: approximately 59.2%).

      The following table sets out the breakdown of the revenue-bearing GFA of the properties developed by Country
      Garden Real Estate Group and the properties developed by independent third-party property developers,
      respectively, for the years indicated:

                                                   As of 31 December 2025                           As of 31 December 2024
                                                 Revenue-                                         Revenue-
                                                Bearing GFA                                      Bearing GFA
                                                  (’000 sq.m.)            (%)                      (’000 sq.m.)                        (%)


       Properties developed by
         independent third-party
         property developers                             544,313                     50.9                530,859                     51.2
       Properties developed by
         Country Garden Real Estate
         Group(Note 1)                                   526,106                     49.1                506,013                     48.8


       Total                                          1,070,419                     100.0              1,036,872                    100.0

      Note 1: Properties developed by Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CG Holdings” or “CGH”) and its subsidiaries (“CGH
              Group”), joint ventures and associates (the “Country Garden Real Estate Group”) independently or jointly with other parties.




#
      Due to the reorganization of business units and change in the internal reporting system during the Year, the Group reclassified non-
      environmental business previously included in city services to property management and related services business other than “Three
      Supplies and Property Management” business. Therefore, the principal business of the Group are adjusted as: (i) property management
      services, (ii) community value-added services, (iii) value-added services to non-property owners, (iv) “Three Supplies and Property
      Management” business, (v) environmental business and (vi) commercial operational services. Accordingly, the Group restated the relevant
      figures for the year ended 31 December 2024.


                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025          25
     Management Discussion and Analysis


             As at 31 December 2025, the revenue-bearing GFA of the Group increased by approximately 33.5 million sq.m.
             from approximately 1,036.9 million sq.m. as at 31 December 2024 to approximately 1,070.4 million sq.m., mainly
             due to the increase in revenue-bearing GFA from third parties resulted from the proactive expansion, and the
             conversion of the Group’s reserved contracted GFA of the properties developed by Country Garden Holdings
             Company Limited (“CG Holdings” or “CGH”) and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates into revenue-
             bearing GFA during the Year.

     (II)    Community value-added services

             During the Year, the revenue from community value-added services increased by approximately 5.0% to
             approximately RMB4,416.5 million from approximately RMB4,208.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,
             accounting for approximately 9.1% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2024: approximately 9.6%).

             The increase in revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to:

             (a)   During the Year, the revenue from local living services increased by approximately 19.0% to approximately
                   RMB2,607.9 million from approximately RMB2,190.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.

             (b)   During the Year, the revenue from community media services decreased by approximately 18.5% to
                   approximately RMB524.0 million from approximately RMB642.8 million for the year ended 31 December
                   2024.

             (c)   During the Year, the revenue from home services decreased by approximately 1.1% to approximately
                   RMB575.7 million from approximately RMB582.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.

             (d)   During the Year, the revenue from real estate brokerage services increased by approximately 6.3% to
                   approximately RMB346.5 million from approximately RMB326.1 million for the year ended 31 December
                   2024.

             (e)   During the Year, the revenue from community area services decreased by approximately 22.3% to
                   approximately RMB362.4 million from approximately RMB466.5 million for the year ended 31 December
                   2024.

             The increase in the revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to the growth in revenue
             from liquor products, retail and new energy business under local living services.

     (III)   Value-added services to non-property owners

             During the Year, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners decreased by approximately
             10.6% to approximately RMB630.3 million from approximately RMB705.2 million for the year ended 31 December
             2024, accounting for approximately 1.3% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2024: approximately 1.6%).

             The decrease in revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to the continuous and
             proactive suppression of the transaction scale with related parties by the Group.




26   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


(IV)   “Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

       During the Year, the revenue from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business includes the revenue
       arising from property management and other related services and heat supply services, among which, the revenue
       from property management and other related services increased by approximately 46.5% to approximately
       RMB9,578.7 million from approximately RMB6,539.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, accounting for
       approximately 19.8% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2024: approximately 14.9%).

       The revenue from heat supply services increased by approximately 4.4% to approximately RMB1,687.5 million
       from approximately RMB1,617.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, accounting for approximately 3.5%
       of the total revenue (for the same period in 2024: approximately 3.7%).

       The increase in the revenue from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business was mainly due to the
       Group’s further expansion of its service categories, as well as the increase in revenue scale resulting from several
       subsidiaries acquiring the remaining equity interests in certain associates and joint ventures, thereby converting
       them into holding subsidiaries.

(V)    Environmental Business

       During the Year, the revenue from environmental business decreased by approximately 17.0% to approximately
       RMB3,355.3 million from approximately RMB4,041.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, accounting for
       approximately 6.9% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2024: approximately 9.2%).

       The decrease in the revenue from environmental business was mainly due to the Group’s prudent approach in
       expanding new projects while proactively withdrawing from certain underperforming environmental sanitation
       projects.

(VI)   Commercial Operational Services

       During the Year, the revenue from commercial operational services decreased by approximately 1.1% to
       approximately RMB620.4 million from approximately RMB627.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,
       accounting for approximately 1.3% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2024: approximately 1.4%).

       The decrease in the revenue from commercial operational services was due to the Group’s strategic withdrawal
       from several loss-making projects in order to optimize its business structure.

Costs

The Group’s costs include (i) staff cost, (ii) cleaning cost, (iii) heat supply cost, (iv) maintenance cost, (v) utilities, (vi)
greening and gardening cost, (vii) security expenses, (viii) cost of sales of goods, (ix) transportation cost, (x) office and
communication cost, (xi) taxes and surcharges, (xii) employee uniform expenses, (xiii) depreciation and amortisation
charges, (xiv) community activities cost, (xv) travelling and entertainment cost, (xvi) construction costs for infrastructure
under service concession arrangements, (xvii) other labor outsourcing costs, and (xviii) others. During the Year, the
costs were approximately RMB39,897.8 million, representing an increase of approximately 12.1% as compared
to approximately RMB35,592.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase in costs was mainly
due to the combined impact of the increased amount of the related costs as a result of the growth in the Group’s
property management services, community value-added services and “Three Supplies and Property Management”
business, which exceeded the decreased amount of the cost related to value-added services to non-property owners,
environmental business and commercial operational services.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025        27
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

     During the Year, the overall gross profit increased by approximately RMB55.3 million to approximately RMB8,455.9
     million from approximately RMB8,400.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, representing an increase of
     approximately 0.7%.

     During the Year, the overall gross profit margin decreased by 1.6 percentage points to approximately 17.5% from
     approximately 19.1% for the year ended 31 December 2024. The decrease in overall gross profit margin was mainly due
     to the phased adjustments in the gross profit margins of the community value-added services, environmental business
     and the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business resulting from the changes in the Group’s business
     structure.

     (i)     Property management services

             During the Year, the gross profit margin of property management services increased by 0.6 percentage point to
             approximately 20.6% from approximately 20.0% for the year ended 31 December 2024.

             The increase in gross profit margin of property management was mainly attributable to the implementation of
             refined project operation systems and digital management, under which the Group optimized resource input for
             historically loss-making and low-margin projects to enhance operational efficiency while meeting the needs of the
             property owners; and a series of cost-saving measures, including centralized procurement, deployment of cleaning
             robots and upgrading of intelligent IoT equipment. Meanwhile, the Company also devoted dedicated quality
             investment to projects with low satisfaction levels, striving to improve service quality, customer experience and
             satisfaction.

     (ii)    Community value-added services

             During the Year, the gross profit margin of community value-added services decreased by 9.5 percentage points to
             approximately 28.9% from approximately 38.4% for the year ended 31 December 2024.

             Due to the impact from cyclical economic fluctuations, the gross profit margins of certain community value-added
             services of the Group experienced a phased adjustment, which was mainly reflected in the following aspects:
             firstly, the changes in the external environment had a phased impact on certain businesses, primarily including: (i)
             a decrease in demand from advertising agency clients for resource allocation, leading to a decline in the unit prices
             of the media business and a reduced revenue contribution from the resource packaging business with high gross
             profit; (ii) a significant decline in new property handover due to the cyclical impact in the real estate market, leading
             to a decrease in the platform-based merchant solicitation model business with high gross profit, which dragged
             down the overall gross margin. Secondly, in response to changes in the external environment and customer
             demand, the Group proactively adjusted its strategic business layout, including the transformation of the retail
             business towards essential products targeting C-end clients and increased investment in integrated marketing for
             the media business. These initiatives are aimed at enhancing the Group’s long-term business competitiveness,
             however, such strategic adjustments and investments have had a certain impact on the gross profit margins during
             the Year.

     (iii)   Value-added services to non-property owners

             During the Year, the gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners increased by 2.2
             percentage points to approximately 4.1% from approximately 1.9% for the year ended 31 December 2024.

             The increase in gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to the active
             deployment of market-oriented operations in the elevator installation and maintenance business during the Year,
             which led to an increase in related gross profits as compared with the same period last year.




28   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


(iv)   “Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

       During the Year, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, the gross profit margin of property
       management and other related services decreased from approximately 10.0% for the year ended 31 December
       2024 to approximately 7.9%, representing a decrease of 2.1 percentage points.

       The decrease in the gross profit margin of the property management and other related services under the “Three
       Supplies and Property Management” business was mainly due to the consolidation of low-margin production
       operation services and engineering services, thus reducing the overall gross profit margin.

       During the Year, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, the gross profit margin of heat
       supply services decreased from approximately 5.9% for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately 5.7%,
       representing a decrease of 0.2 percentage point.

       The gross profit margin of heat supply services under the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business
       remained stable.

(v)    Environmental Business

       During the Year, the gross profit margin of environmental business decreased from approximately 14.6% for the
       year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately 9.8%, representing a decrease of 4.8 percentage points.

       The decline in the gross profit margin of environmental business was mainly due to the intensified market
       competition, which led to lower service prices for some projects, while pressure on the cost persisted, resulting in a
       double squeeze on profit margins.

(vi)   Commercial Operational Services

       During the Year, the gross profit margin of commercial operational services increased from approximately 16.4%
       for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately 24.3%, representing an increase of 7.9 percentage points.

       The increase in the gross profit margin of commercial operational services was mainly due to the Group’s strategic
       withdrawal from several loss-making projects.

General and Administrative Expenses

During the Year, general and administrative expenses were approximately RMB4,614.6 million, representing an increase
of approximately 3.9% as compared with approximately RMB4,442.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,
which was mainly due to the increase in the number of projects under the Group’s management and the expansion of
the scale of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business. The general and administrative expenses ratio
decreased by 0.6 percentage point from approximately 10.1% for the same period in 2024 to approximately 9.5%.

Other Income

During the Year, other income was approximately RMB176.5 million, representing a decrease of approximately 30.6% as
compared with approximately RMB254.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.

The decrease in other income was mainly due to the decrease in government subsidy and dividend income generated
from equity investments in certain entities during the Year as compared with the same period last year.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       29
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Other (Losses)/Gains — Net

     During the Year, other losses — net were approximately RMB189.7 million, representing an increase of losses of
     approximately RMB674.4 million as compared with the other gains — net of approximately RMB484.7 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2024.

     The increase in other losses — net was mainly due to the decrease in gains on fair value changes of contingent
     considerations and net foreign exchange gains during the Year.

     Income Tax Expense

     During the Year, income tax expense was approximately RMB519.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately
     37.6% as compared to approximately RMB832.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The decrease in income
     tax expense was mainly due to the decrease in the total profit for the Year of the Group as compared with the same
     period last year.

     Profit for the Year

     During the Year, the net profit of the Group was approximately RMB598.9 million, representing a decrease of
     approximately 68.1% as compared to approximately RMB1,874.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     During the Year, the profit attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB601.5 million, representing
     a decrease of approximately 66.7% as compared to approximately RMB1,808.4 million for the year ended 31 December
     2024.

     During the Year, the profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of the Company was approximately RMB-2.6
     million, representing a decrease of approximately 103.9% as compared to approximately RMB66.2 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2024.

     During the Year, the core net profit* attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB2,519.0 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately 17.1% as compared to approximately RMB3,038.1 million for the year ended
     31 December 2024.

     Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (Non-HKFRS) Financial Measure

     To supplement the consolidated results of the Group prepared in accordance with HKFRS, the Company has presented
     the core net profit* attributable to the owners of the Company as an additional financial measure. This unaudited non-
     HKFRS financial measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, measures of the Group’s financial
     performance prepared in accordance with HKFRS. In addition, the definitions of such non-HKFRS financial measures
     may differ from those used by other companies. As such, this non-HKFRS financial measure may not be comparable to
     similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

     The Company’s management believes that the non-HKFRS financial measure, by excluding certain non-cash items, non-
     operating items and non-recurring items, provides useful supplementary information to both the Company’s management
     and investors for assessing the Group’s core operating results and financial performance.




     *    Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding share-based payment expenses, amortisation charges of intangible
          assets — contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions,
          impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities, gains or losses from disposal
          of subsidiaries, expected losses on external guarantee, impairment provision or reversal of receivables from related parties, gains or losses
          on fair value changes of contingent considerations related to performance guarantees and the impact of the related income tax expenses
          and non-controlling interests arising from the aforementioned adjustments.



30   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


The following table sets forth the reconciliation of the Group’s non-HKFRS financial measures for the years ended 31
December 2025 and 2024 to the nearest measures prepared in accordance with HKFRS:

                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                                        (RMB in million)

    Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (HKFRS measures)                                      601.5                1,808.4
    Adjustments
    Add: share-based payment expenses                                                                      183.1                  123.3
    Add: amortisation charges of intangible assets — contracts and customer
            relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from
            mergers and acquisitions                                                                     1,088.4                1,110.0
    Add: impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets                                                968.9                  990.0
    Add: impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities                                          256.4                   82.3
    Add: gains or losses from disposal of subsidiaries                                                      91.6                   38.6
    Add: expected losses on external guarantee                                                              83.3                   40.0
    Add: impairment provision or reversal of receivables
            from related parties                                                                          -313.1                 -312.6
    Add: gains or losses on fair value changes of contingent considerations related
            to performance guarantees                                                                       -7.5                 -531.9
    Less: income tax effects of non-HKFRS adjustments                                                      346.7                  242.4
    Less: non-controlling interests of non-HKFRS adjustments                                                86.9                   67.6
    Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company (non-HKFRS
      measures)                                                                                          2,519.0                3,038.1

The Company’s management would like to clarify the discontinuation of the presentation of the adjusted revenue#
indicator as follows: since August 2023, based on the principle of prudence, the Group adopted a more stringent
revenue recognition policy for customers with significantly increased credit risk: revenue is recognised only when the
Group has fulfilled its performance obligations and the consideration from such customers has been actually received.
As this change took effect commencing August 2023, the adjusted revenue# was presented in the 2024 annual results
announcement and was compared with the relevant indicator for 2023, with the aim of eliminating the timing differences
in revenue recognition arising from customers with significantly increased credit risk, thereby providing the Shareholders
with a comparable analysis of operating performance. Given that the change in the timing of revenue recognition for such
customers has been fully implemented across the two full financial years of 2024 and 2025, the revenue data presented
has already fully reflected the impact of this policy. The Group considers that the 2025 annual results are sufficiently
comparable, and therefore the adjusted revenue# indicator will no longer be presented, so as to simplify financial reporting
disclosures and enhance information clarity.

Net Cash Generated from Operating Activities during the Year

During the Year, the net cash generated from operating activities of the Group amounted to approximately RMB2,507.9
million, representing a decrease of approximately 35.2% as compared to approximately RMB3,873.1 million for the year
ended 31 December 2024.




#
        The Group did not recognise revenue in respect of the consideration receivable but not yet collected from the High Risk Customers
        even though the relevant contractual obligations have been fulfilled by the Group (the “Uncollected Amounts from the High Risk
        Customers”). The adjusted revenue represents the revenue after adding back the Uncollected Amounts from the High Risk Customers.



                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         31
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     The ratio of net cash generated from operating activities divided by the core net profit* attributable to the owners of the
     Company was approximately 1.0 time for the Year, representing a decrease of approximately 0.3 time as compared to
     approximately 1.3 times for the year ended 31 December 2024. The decrease in the ratio was mainly due to the year-on-
     year decrease in the net contribution from prepayments of the property management business of the Group.

     The Equity Attributable to Owners of the Company

     The equity attributable to owners of the Company decreased from approximately RMB36,617.0 million as at 31
     December 2024 to approximately RMB35,958.3 million as at 31 December 2025, representing a decrease of
     approximately RMB658.7 million, which was mainly attributable to the combined effect of: (i) the increase in the equity
     attributable to the owners of the Company as a result of the total comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the
     Company of RMB526.8 million during the Year, (ii) the decrease in equity attributable to the owners of the Company as a
     result of the repurchase/purchase of shares by the Company of approximately RMB378.1 million during the Year, (iii) the
     decrease in the equity attributable to the owners of the Company as a result of the declaration of the dividend for year
     2024 of approximately RMB988.9 million during the Year.

     Intangible Assets

     The intangible assets of the Group mainly comprise goodwill arising from equity acquisitions, contracts and customer
     relationships, software assets, insurance brokerage licenses, brands and concession intangible assets.

     As at 31 December 2025, the intangible assets of the Group were approximately RMB20,197.0 million, representing a
     decrease of approximately RMB1,965.3 million compared to approximately RMB22,162.3 million as at 31 December
     2024, which was mainly due to the Group’s full impairment of approximately RMB968.9 million recognised during the
     Year in respect of the remaining carrying amount of goodwill of Manguo, a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
     as well as the amortisation of approximately RMB1,204.3 million arising from intangible assets during the Year.

     Trade and Other Receivables

     Trade and other receivables include trade receivables, other receivables, prepayments to suppliers and prepayments for
     other taxes.

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group recorded net trade receivables of approximately RMB18,806.8 million, representing
     an increase of approximately RMB1,117.4 million compared to approximately RMB17,689.4 million as at 31 December
     2024. This was mainly attributable to the longer cycle of payment of customers for property management services and
     environmental business of the Group. Meanwhile, the faster increase in the revenue scale of the “Three Supplies and
     Property Management” business resulted in the increase in the corresponding trade receivables.

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group recorded trade receivables from CGH and its subsidiaries of approximately
     RMB2,048.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB316.0 million compared to approximately
     RMB2,364.7 million as at 31 December 2024, and approximately RMB311.1 million of the total expected credit loss
     provision for the trade receivables from CGH and its subsidiaries was thus reversed accordingly.




     *    Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding share-based payment expenses, amortisation charges of intangible
          assets — contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions,
          impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities, gains or losses from disposal
          of subsidiaries, expected losses on external guarantee, impairment provision or reversal of receivables from related parties, gains or losses
          on fair value changes of contingent considerations related to performance guarantees and the impact of the related income tax expenses
          and non-controlling interests arising from the aforementioned adjustments.



32   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


The net other receivables was approximately RMB4,531.8 million as at 31 December 2025, representing an increase of
approximately RMB868.6 million compared to approximately RMB3,663.2 million as at 31 December 2024, which was
mainly due to the granting of loans of RMB1,000.0 million to the related parties wholly owned by the ultimate controlling
shareholder during the Year.

Contract Liabilities

The contract liabilities mainly arose from the advance payments made by customers for relevant services such as
property management services, community value-added services and the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
business, which are yet to be provided.

The contract liabilities increased from approximately RMB8,245.3 million as at 31 December 2024 to approximately
RMB8,877.9 million as at 31 December 2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB632.6 million. The increase
in contract liabilities was mainly due to the increase in the advance payments for the “Three Supplies and Property
Management” business during the Year.

Trade and Other Payables

Trade and other payables include trade payables, other payables, contingent consideration for business combinations,
payroll payables and other tax payables.

Trade payables primarily represent payables for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
business from suppliers, including purchase of goods, materials and utilities as well as purchase from sub-contractors.

As at 31 December 2025, trade payables of the Group were approximately RMB9,815.2 million, representing an increase
of approximately RMB1,181.0 million compared to approximately RMB8,634.2 million as at 31 December 2024, primarily
due to the increase in the costs of sales resulting in the increase in the procurement costs of related goods and materials,
labor outsourcing costs and utility fees.

Other payables primarily include (i) deposits from property owners in relation to interior decorations; (ii) temporary receipts
of fees from property owners (mainly consisting of utilities fees collected from property owners and income generated
from common area value-added services that belongs to property owners); (iii) provision for financial guarantee; (iv)
outstanding considerations payable for business combinations; (v) dividend payables; and (vi) accruals and others (mainly
in relation to payables to third parties and advances).

Other payables decreased from approximately RMB6,021.3 million as at 31 December 2024 to approximately
RMB5,983.3 million as at 31 December 2025, primarily due to the decrease in deposit and security.

Capital Management

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
in order to provide returns for the Shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
structure to reduce the cost of capital.

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to the
Shareholders, issue new shares, or sell assets to reduce debt.

The Group monitors its capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity.
Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents.

As at 31 December 2025, the bank and other borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1,626.8 million (31
December 2024: approximately RMB870.3 million). All borrowings due during the Year were repaid on time.

As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the gearing ratio of the Group was maintained at a net cash position.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025        33
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

     As at 31 December 2025, the bank deposits (being cash and cash equivalents, time deposits and restricted bank
     deposits) and structured deposits of the Group were approximately RMB17,931.0 million, representing a decrease of
     approximately RMB247.6 million as compared with approximately RMB18,178.6 million as at 31 December 2024. The
     bank deposits and structured deposits were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                          31 December 2025                     31 December 2024
                                                        (RMB’000)              (%)           (RMB’000)                   (%)

      RMB                                               14,400,957            80.3          13,833,239                 76.1
      HKD                                                2,135,844            11.9             172,271                  0.9
      Other currencies                                   1,394,177             7.8           4,173,092                 23.0

                                                        17,930,978           100.0          18,178,602                100.0

     Out of the bank deposits and structured deposits of the Group, there are: (i) time deposits of approximately RMB3,979.2
     million (31 December 2024: approximately RMB2,281.4 million); (ii) restricted bank deposits of approximately
     RMB1,048.2 million (31 December 2024: approximately RMB560.0 million); and (iii) structured deposits of approximately
     RMB1,052.1 million (31 December 2024: nil). The restricted bank deposits mainly represented judicially frozen funds,
     cash deposits in bank as performance security for property management services according to the requirements of the
     local government authorities, and the deposits made as performance security for business contracts of Manguo and
     Fujian Dongfei Environment Group Co., Ltd. (福建東飛環境集團有限公司) (“Fujian Dongfei”), the subsidiaries of the
     Group.

     As at 31 December 2025, the net current assets of the Group were approximately RMB12,971.6 million (31 December
     2024: approximately RMB13,896.0 million). The current ratio (current assets/current liabilities) of the Group was
     approximately 1.4 times (31 December 2024: 1.5 times).

     Key Risk Factors and Uncertainties

     The following content lists out the key risks and uncertainties confronted by the Group. It is a non-exhaustive list and
     there may be other risks and uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.

     Industry Risk

     The Group’s businesses are affected by the overall economy, market conditions and the policies and regulations of
     the property management industry. When there are changes in economic conditions that lead to fluctuations in the
     consumption levels and purchasing power of businesses and individuals, these fluctuations may affect the Group’s
     business operations and collection of payments for businesses. When there are significant changes in the PRC real
     estate market that exceed expectations, these changes may affect the growth of the Group’s revenue-bearing GFA
     and related revenue growth. When the government adjusts policies and regulations for property management industry,
     these adjustments may have a significant impact on the business strategies of property enterprises (including the Group),
     service offerings and charging standards.

     Business Risk

     The Group’s ability to maintain or improve the Group’s current level of profitability depends on the Group’s ability to
     control operating costs (particularly labour costs) and the Group’s profit margins and results of operations may be
     materially and adversely affected by the increase in labour or other operating costs; the Group may not procure new
     property management services contracts as planned or at desirable pace or price; the Group may not be able to collect
     property management fees from customers and as a result, may incur impairment losses on receivables; termination
     or non-renewal of a significant number of the Group’s property management services contracts could have a material
     adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations.




34   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


Foreign Exchange Risk

The Group’s businesses were principally located in the PRC. Except for bank deposits and trade receivables, the Group
was not subject to any other material risk directly relating to foreign exchange fluctuations. The management will continue
to monitor the foreign exchange exposure, take prudent measures and develop hedging strategies as appropriate to
reduce foreign exchange risks.

Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had 209,837 employees (31 December 2024: 214,346 employees). During the
Year, the total staff costs were approximately RMB18,162.4 million.

The remuneration package of the employees includes salary, bonus and other cash subsidies. Employees are rewarded
on a performance-related basis, together with reference to the profitability of the Group, remuneration benchmarks in the
industry and prevailing market conditions, in accordance with the policy of the Group on compensation and welfare.

The Group is subject to social insurance contribution plans or other pension schemes prescribed by the local
governments and is required to pay on behalf of its employees, monthly social insurance funds covering pension fund,
medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and unemployment insurance, and the housing
provident fund, or to contribute regularly to other mandatory provident fund schemes on behalf of its employees.

Share Schemes

On 9 July 2024, the Shareholders of the Company approved and adopted a share option scheme (the “2024 Share
Option Scheme”). On 22 July 2024, the Company made an offer to grant a total of 225,350,000 share options to 60
employee participants under the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, with the exercise price of the share options
being HKD5.01 per share.

To more effectively fulfill the purpose of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the Shareholders of the Company have
approved and adopted the amendments to (1) the rules of the 2024 Share Option Scheme and (2) the terms of the
granted options on 28 January 2026. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 23
December 2025 and 28 January 2026 as well as the Company’s circular dated 8 January 2026.

The Board shall have the power to manage the 2024 Share Option Scheme and its decisions, interpretations or rulings
on all matters relating to the 2024 Share Option Scheme shall be final and binding on all parties. The Board shall also
have the power to authorize any Director to exercise any or all of the powers to manage the 2024 Share Option Scheme
through passing of resolutions, including but not limited to the selection of eligible participants and the grant of share
options to grantees under the 2024 Share Option Scheme, subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in the 2024
Share Option Scheme.

As at the date of this report, pursuant to the share award scheme adopted on 18 November 2024 (the “Share Award
Scheme”), in accordance with the rules of the Share Award Scheme and the terms of the trust deed, a designated
subsidiary of the Company entrusted the trustee to purchase a total of 109,000,000 shares in the market through the
Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect at a total consideration (including
transaction costs) of approximately RMB556.5 million, and the number of the shares purchased has reached the upper
limit of the scheme.

As of the date of this report, the Company is formulating the grant plan (including the list of eligible participants, amounts
and conditions) and the vesting plan of the share awards, which are subject to final approval by the Board.

Employee Training and Development

The Group focuses on building a comprehensive cultivation system to conduct in-depth research into the key
competencies required at each stage of employees’ career development. By focusing on enhancing capabilities
and professional development, the Group strengthened its backup talent pipeline, and meticulously crafted a multi-
dimensional and multi-tier talent cultivation system to support employees in boosting their career competitiveness.

                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       35
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     In order to enhance the ability of employees to cope with the current business changes, and to more efficiently support
     the business development, the Group has designed regular learning programmes such as “One Moment (一刻堂)”
     and “Regular Meeting Learning (例會學習)”, achieving vertical integration of operational capabilities. At the same time,
     based on its online learning platform “BIXUETANG College (碧學堂)”, the Group meets the daily learning needs of the
     employees of the Group by organizing themed learning months and introducing external courses. As at 31 December
     2025, “BIXUETANG College” accumulatively launched 1,966 online courses and operated 14,035 learning programmes,
     with an average learning hours per employee of 80.09 hours.

     In order to enhance the ability of core management cadres to solve future business challenges, the Group designed
     talent cultivation projects such as the “Rising Stars Programme (新銳計劃)”, “Cornerstone Programme (基石計劃)”,
     “Leading Excellence Programme (領卓計劃)”, “Leadership Programme (領軍計劃)” and “Defense Officer Program (碧防
     官計劃)” for key groups, and comprehensively enhanced the business and management capabilities of employees by
     constructing key position profiles and evaluation systems, identifying shortcomings in their abilities, and matching them
     with training and learning programmes.

     Charge on Assets

     As at 31 December 2025, several subsidiaries of the Group carried out borrowing and sale and leaseback financing loan
     business with banks and financial leasing companies to meet their respective daily operational needs. These were mainly
     secured by rights of collection of certain of their respective environmental business projects, certain equipment and land
     use rights.

     To address exchange rate fluctuations and lock in earnings, as at 31 December 2025, an amount of approximately
     RMB1,888,087,000 (as at 31 December 2024: nil), which is included in time deposits, was pledged for forward exchange
     contracts. Subsequently in February 2026, the aforementioned forward exchange contracts matured, and the relevant
     time deposits were released.

     Contingent Liabilities

     Please refer to note 33 to the consolidated financial statements in this report for details of contingent liabilities as at 31
     December 2025, which were contingent considerations arising from business combinations. Save as disclosed, the
     Group did not have any other contingent liabilities.

     External Guarantee

     As at 31 December 2025, save as disclosed in note 43 to the consolidated financial statements in this report, the Group
     did not have any other external guarantee.

     Material Acquisitions, Disposals and Significant Investments

     During the Year, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals and no individually significant investments.

     MAJOR EVENTS DURING THE YEAR
     Intention to Conduct On-market Share Repurchase and/or Purchase

     On 27 March 2025, the Board announced that the Company plans to use the Group’s existing available cash reserve of
     not less than RMB500 million to repurchase and/or purchase Shares in the open market within one year after 27 March
     2025, depending on the market conditions and the actual needs of the Company at the relevant time. Please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated 27 March 2025 for further details.

     During the period from 28 March 2025 to 12 February 2026, the Company repurchased 87,996,000 shares of the
     Company in the open market at a total consideration (including transaction costs) of approximately RMB502.9 million,
     and the repurchased shares were cancelled on 19 March 2026.




36   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


Connected Transaction — Provision of Financial Assistance

Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used in this section shall have the same meanings as those
defined in the announcement of the Company dated 6 May 2025.

On 6 May 2025 (after trading hours), the Company (as the Lender) entered into the Loan Agreement with Concrete Win
and Fortune Warrior (as the Borrowers), pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide revolving loan facilities in an
aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (or HKD equivalent) to Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior.

On 8 May 2025, the Company (as the Chargee) further entered into the Deed of Share Charge with Concrete Win and
Fortune Warrior (as the Chargors) in respect of the Secured Assets, including a total of 543,695,233 Shares of the
Company beneficially held by Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior, to secure the repayment and settlement of the principal
and interest of the loan under the Loan Agreement and the Secured Debts. As at the date of this report, registration of
the relevant share charge has been fully completed, and the Company has granted the loan above to the Borrowers.
Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 6 May 2025 for further details.

Announcements made pursuant to Rules 13.51B(2) and 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules

During the Year, Ms. YANG Huiyan (“Ms. YANG”), the chairman and a non-executive Director of the Company, was
involved in the following regulatory matters: (1) in May 2025, as CG Holdings and its subsidiary Country Garden Real
Estate Group Co., Ltd. failed to timely disclose 2024 interim reports, each of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”)
and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the “SZSE”) made the decision to publicly reprimand Ms. YANG and other named
persons respectively, and recorded the decision in their integrity file database; (2) in November 2025, as Giant Leap
Construction Technology Group Co., Ltd. (騰越建築科技集團有限公司) (“Giant Leap Construction”, a subsidiary of CG
Holdings and an issuer of corporate bonds trading on the SSE) failed to timely disclose changes in corporate information,
significant litigation and being listed as a dishonest party, the Guangdong Securities Regulatory Bureau of the China
Securities Regulatory Commission took measures by issuing warning letter to Giant Leap Construction, as well as its then
chairman Ms. YANG and other named persons who were responsible to ensure Giant Leap Construction’s compliance
of its disclosure obligations.

As stated in the announcement of CG Holdings dated 21 May 2025 and 27 November 2025, respectively, the relevant
non-compliance was caused by (1) CG Holdings and its subsidiaries and (2) Giant Leap Construction respectively
due to objective reasons. Following inquiries with Ms. YANG and review of the relevant letters, the Board (except Ms.
YANG) believes that there is no reason to doubt the integrity and ability of Ms. YANG, and that it is appropriate for her to
continue serving as the chairman and a non-executive Director of the Company. Please refer to the announcements of
the Company dated 23 May 2025 and 1 December 2025 for further details.

Amendments to the Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee

The Stock Exchange reviews the corporate governance framework from time to time to ensure that it remains fit for
purpose and maintains investors’ confidence in the market. The Stock Exchange published the consultation conclusions
on its review of the Corporate Governance Code and relevant provisions of the Listing Rules in December 2024, with the
relevant corporate governance enhancements taking effect from 1 July 2025.

In the above context, the Company amended the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee, stipulating that the
Nomination Committee shall have at least one member of a different gender and the duties of the Nomination Committee
shall include (i) assisting the Board in maintaining a Board skills matrix, (ii) assessing each director’s time commitment
and contribution to the Board at least annually, as well as the director’s ability to discharge his or her responsibilities
effectively, taking into account criteria including professional qualifications and work experience, existing directorships of
issuers listed on the Main Board or GEM of the Stock Exchange and other significant external time commitments of such
director and other factors or circumstances relevant to the director’s character, integrity, independence and experience,
and disclosing its assessment pursuant to the Listing Rules (including disclosure in the Company’s corporate governance
report as appropriate), and (iii) supporting the Company’s regular evaluation of the Board’s performance at least every
two years etc. Please refer to the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee published by the Company on 30
June 2025 for further details.



                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       37
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Change of Chief Financial Officer

     On 5 December 2025, the Board announced that Mr. HUANG Peng (“Mr. HUANG”) has resigned as the chief financial
     officer of the Company with effect from 5 December 2025 due to the need to devote more efforts and time to the
     management of the Group’s incubation businesses. Mr. HUANG will continue to serve as the executive president of
     the Company and will remain responsible for the daily management of the incubation businesses segment, including
     new businesses such as environmental business, commercial operational services, the “Three Supplies and Property
     Management” business, real estate agency services, and asset management, as well as the development of other
     innovative businesses.

     The Board further announced that Ms. TIAN Tian has been appointed as the chief financial officer of the Company with
     overall responsibility for the Company’s financial management and works related to the capital market with effect from 5
     December 2025. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 5 December 2025 for further details.

     Amendments to the Rules of the 2024 Share Option Scheme and the Terms of the Granted Options

     On 9 July 2024, the Shareholders approved and adopted a share option scheme (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”).
     To more effectively fulfill the purpose of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the Board has resolved on 23 December
     2025 to propose amendments to (1) the rules of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, and (2) the terms of the granted
     options. Subsequently, these amendments were approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting
     of the Company held on 28 January 2026. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 23
     December 2025 and 28 January 2026 as well as the Company’s circular dated 8 January 2026.

     EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Announcement made pursuant to Rules 13.51B(2) and 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules

     In respect of the announcement dated 10 February 2026 of CG Holdings in relation to the matter that CG Holdings, the
     executive director and chairman of CG Holdings, i.e. Ms. YANG, and other named persons recently received the “Decision
     on Disciplinary Action” (the “Decision on Disciplinary Action”) issued by the SSE, due to the failure of CG Holdings
     to timely disclose certain overdue debts of CG Holdings in accordance with the relevant bond listing rules of the SSE,
     the SSE made the decision to impose self-regulatory measures on CG Holdings, Ms. YANG and other named persons
     (collectively “Such Persons”) respectively, and issued a circulated criticism to CG Holdings and Such Persons and
     recorded it in the integrity file database.

     The Board has made enquiries with Ms. YANG in relation to the above matter and reviewed the Decision on Disciplinary
     Action. As stated in the announcement dated 10 February 2026 of CG Holdings, considering that the relevant non-
     compliance was caused by the failure of CG Holdings to disclose overdue debts in a timely manner due to objective
     factors and not due to the failure of the relevant individuals to discharge their duties, the Board (except Ms. YANG)
     believes that there is no reason to doubt the integrity and ability of Ms. YANG and that it is appropriate for her to
     continue serving as the chairman and a non-executive director of the Company. Please refer to the announcement of the
     Company dated 11 February 2026 for further details.

     Save for the aforementioned, there was no significant event affecting the Group occurred after 31 December 2025 and
     up to the date of this report.




38   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
 BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND
                  SENIOR MANAGEMENT
DIRECTORS
Ms. Yang Huiyan (楊惠妍), aged 44, was appointed as a non-executive Director and the chairman of the Board on 9
March 2018 and is responsible for the formulation and provision of guidance and development strategies for the overall
development of the Group. Ms. Yang is also the chairman of the nomination committee, a member of the remuneration
committee and the environmental, social and governance committee of the Company, as well as a director of certain
members of the Group. Ms. Yang is a controlling shareholder of the Company.

Ms. Yang joined CGH in March 2005 as a general manager of the procurement department, where she was responsible
for overall procurement decision making until November 2006. Ms. Yang was appointed as an executive director of CGH
in December 2006, a vice chairman of CGH in March 2012 and was re-designated from a vice chairman of CGH to a
co-chairman of CGH in December 2018 and succeeded the chairman of CGH from a co-chairman of CGH in March
2023.

Ms. Yang is also the chairman of the nomination committee, the corporate governance committee, the environmental,
social and governance committee and the executive committee as well as a member of the remuneration committee and
the finance committee of CGH and a director of various subsidiaries of the CGH Group. As at 31 December 2025, Ms.
Yang owned a total of 101.68% interest in CGH, of which 46.47% was voting interest.

Ms. Yang graduated from Ohio State University in the United States in March 2005, where she obtained a bachelor
degree in business administration and she also obtained an EMBA degree from Tsinghua University in 2019. Ms. Yang
was awarded “China Charity Award Special Contribution Award” in 2008, “China Poverty Alleviation Award Contribution
Award” in 2019 and “The 11th China Charity Award Individual Donor Award” in 2021. In addition, for details regarding the
information that Ms. Yang is required to disclose under Rules 13.51B(2) and 13.51(2)(n) of the Listing Rules as of the date
of this report, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 11 February 2026, 1 December 2025 and 23 May
2025.

Mr. Xu Binhuai (徐彬淮), aged 47, was appointed as an executive Director, the president, the authorised representative,
the chairman of the environmental, social and governance committee and the agent for the service of process in Hong
Kong on 10 October 2023. He was later appointed as the chairman of the debt recovery committee on 22 August
2024. Mr. Xu is primarily responsible for the overall strategic decision-making, business planning and major operational
decision-making of the Group. Mr. Xu has also been directors and managers of certain members of the Group.

Mr. Xu was appointed as the vice president and the chief strategy officer of the Company successively from October
2016 to October 2023 and was primarily responsible for business innovation strategic planning, operation management,
digital management, intelligent manufacturing and community life service business operation.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Xu served in various positions in marketing at DHL-SINOTRANS International Air Courier
Ltd.* (中外運–敦豪國際航空快件有限公司), including as manager of sales performance team and regional sales and
marketing planning manager, where he was mainly responsible for sales planning and performance management from
November 2004 to February 2010. He served as the head of marketing department of North Asia region at American
President Lines (China) Co., Ltd. (美國總統輪船（中國）有限公司), a logistics company, where he was mainly responsible
for marketing and sales management in North Asia region from March 2010 to October 2012. He served as a senior
project manager at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants (Shanghai) Company Limited* (羅蘭貝格企業管理（上海）有限公
司), where he was in charge of business consulting services to transportation, logistics, tourism, public service sectors
and other sectors from November 2012 to February 2016. Mr. Xu joined CGH as the deputy general manager of the
corporate strategy office in March 2016 and was mainly responsible for strategic planning of new business lines until
September 2016.

Mr. Xu graduated from Fudan University in July 2002, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree in macromolecular material
and engineering. He graduated from the University of Hong Kong in November 2016, where he obtained a master’s
degree in business administration.



                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       39
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. Xiao Hua (肖華), aged 48, was appointed as an executive Director on 9 March 2018. He has been the vice president
     of CG Life Services since February 2013 and was appointed as a member of the senior management of the Company
     on 3 April 2024. Mr. Xiao is primarily responsible for the overall management of Guangzhou Tianli Property Service Co.,
     Ltd.* (廣州天力物業發展有限公司), the main domestic entity of Wealth Best Global Limited, and its subsidiaries since
     January 2022. Mr. Xiao is also a member of the environmental, social and governance committee and the debt recovery
     committee of the Company, as well as a director of certain members of the Group.

     From April 2002 to April 2009, Mr. Xiao worked at the Group as an assistant manager, a deputy manager and a manager
     at Chencun branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the security management and providing
     assistance to day-to-day operation of the branch office, and a deputy manager, a manager and a senior manager at
     Huabi branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the day-to-day operation and management of
     the branch office. From April 2009 to December 2009, Mr. Xiao was promoted to regional director at Changsha branch
     office and in January 2010, he was transferred to regional director of Zengcheng branch office, where he was primarily
     responsible for the overall operation, management and brand development of property management services until
     February 2013. From February 2013 to December 2018, Mr. Xiao served as vice president of CG Life Services, mainly
     responsible for the overall management of value-added services to non-property owners. Since January 2019, Mr. Xiao
     has started to serve as a director of Baoshihua Home Investment Management Company Limited* (寶石花家園投資管理
     有限公司) (“Baoshihua”) and its subsidiaries while serving as the vice president of CG Life Services, participating in the
     overall management of Baoshihua.

     Mr. Mei Wenjue (梅文珏), aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
     responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Mei is also a member of the audit committee and the
     remuneration committee of the Company.

     From 1994 to September 2008, Mr. Mei worked at China Southern Airlines Company Limited (中國南方航空股份有
     限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600029) and the Main Board of the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 1055). From September 2008 to October 2014, he served as the chief representative at the
     Shenzhen Office of China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院). Mr. Mei served as an independent
     non-executive director of the board at Miko International Holdings Limited (米格國際控股有限公司), a company listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1247) from December 2013 to March 2016 and an independent
     non-executive director of the board at CGH from May 2013 to March 2018. From November 2014 to December 2020,
     Mr. Mei also served as the general manager at Guangzhou Ruizhi Car Rental Company Limited* (廣州瑞致租車有限公
     司) (a company primarily engaged in car rental business). Mr. Mei is currently the director of Guangzhou Ruizhi Car Rental
     Company Limited* (廣州瑞致租車有限公司), where he directs the company’s strategy planning and oversees the overall
     operations.

     Mr. Mei graduated from Sun Yat-Sen University (中山大學) in the PRC, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree of
     English language and literature in June 1994 and a master’s degree of administrative management in June 2001. He
     also received a master’s degree in business administration from the School of Management of Cranfield University in the
     United Kingdom in June 2006.

     Mr. Rui Meng (芮萌), aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
     responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Rui is also the chairman of the audit committee as well as
     a member of the nomination committee and the debt recovery committee of the Company.

     Mr. Rui has been a professor of Finance and Accounting at China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學
     院) since January 2012, and has held the title of Parkland Chair in Finance at China Europe International Business School
     since October 2015.

     Mr. Rui has been professionally qualified as a Certified Financial Analyst by the Association for Investment Management
     and Research since September 2000 and a Financial Risk Manager (FRM) by the Global Association of Risk Professionals
     (GARP) since April 2010.




40   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Rui was an independent director of the board at Shang Gong Group Co., Ltd.* (上工申貝            （集團）股份有限公
司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600843) from April 2017 to June 2023 and an
independent director of the board at Shanghai Hydee Software Corp., Ltd. (上海海典軟件股份有限公司), a company
listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 831317) from June 2020 to June 2023.

From June 2021 to August 2021, Mr. Rui was also an independent non-executive director of Sichuan Justbon Life
Services Group Co., Ltd.* (四川嘉寶生活服務集團股份有限公司) (formerly known as Sichuan Languang Justbon Services
Group Co., Ltd.* (四川藍光嘉寶服務集團股份有限公司) (“Justbon Services”), a company whose shares were listed on
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2606) and were withdrawn from listing in August 2021. From May
2019 to June 2025, Mr. Rui was also an independent non-executive director of Landsea Green Management Limited
(朗詩綠色管理有限公司) (formerly known as Landsea Green Properties Co., Ltd. (朗詩綠色地產有限公司)), a company
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 106). From February 2023 to December 2025, Mr. Rui was
also an independent director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (博實樂教育控股有限公司), a company whose
shares were listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU) and were withdrawn from listing in December
2025.

He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of the board at China Education Group Holdings Limited
(中國教育集團控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0839), an
independent non-executive director of the board at Dexin Services Group Limited (德信服務集團有限公司), a company
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2215), an independent director of Jiayin Group Inc., a
company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange (stock code: JFIN) and an independent director of Dongguan Tarry
Electronics Co., Ltd. (東莞市達瑞電子股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code:
300976)).

Mr. Rui graduated from University of International Relations (國際關係學院) in the PRC in July 1990, where he obtained
a bachelor’s degree in international economics. He also received a master’s degree of science in economics from
Oklahoma State University in the United States as well as a master’s degree in business administration and a doctor of
philosophy degree in business administration from the University of Houston in the United States in May 1993, December
1996 and August 1997, respectively.

Mr. Chen Weiru (陳威如), aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Chen is also the chairman of the remuneration committee
and, a member of the audit committee, the nomination committee and the environmental, social and governance
committee of the Company.

Mr. Chen served as an associate professor of strategy at China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學
院) since August 2020. He was an independent director of TAL Education Group (好未來教育集團), a company listed
on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: TAL) from April 2016 to April 2025, an independent director of WPG
Holdings Limited (大聯大控股股份有限公司, formerly known as 大聯大投資控股股份有限公司), a company listed on
the Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code: 3702) from June 2020 to May 2023, an independent director of the board at
Dian Diagnostics Group Co., Ltd. (迪安診斷技術集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
(stock code: 300244) from July 2017 to November 2023 and an independent non-executive director of Vision Deal HK
Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
7827) from February 2022 to June 2025, which was withdrawn from listing in June 2025.

Mr. Chen currently serves as an independent director of the board at Opple Lighting Co., Ltd. (歐普照明股份有限公司),
a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603515), an independent director of the board at Jack
Technology Co., Ltd. (傑克科技股份有限公司), formerly known as Jack Sewing Machine Co., Ltd. (傑克縫紉機股份有限
公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603337), an independent non-executive director
of the board at Sinopharm Group Co. Ltd. (國藥控股股份有限公司), a joint stock company incorporated under the laws
of the PRC with limited liability and whose H shares are listed and traded on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01099)
and an independent director of Universal Vision Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Taipei Exchange (stock
code: 3218).


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025      41
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. Chen graduated from National Taiwan University (國立台灣大學) in Taiwan in June 1993, where he obtained a
     bachelor’s degree in business administration. In January 1996, he graduated from Tamkang University (淡江大學) in
     Taiwan, where he obtained a master’s degree in business administration. He received a doctor of philosophy degree in
     strategic management from Purdue University in the United States in December 2003.

     Mr. Zhao Jun (趙軍), aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 3 April 2024 and is
     responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Zhao is also a member of the audit committee, the
     nomination committee and the environmental, social and governance committee of the Company.

     Mr. Zhao has been the executive director and the manager of China Fellow Partners Limited (北京复樸道和投資管理有
     限公司) since 2015. He previously worked for Chinavest Services Limited (中國創業投資服務有限公司) and DT Capital
     Management Company Limited (德同資本管理有限公司). From January 2015 to August 2021, Mr. Zhao served as an
     independent non-executive director of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行股份有限公司), a company listed on
     the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3968) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600036).
     From April 2017 to December 2025, Mr. Zhao was an independent director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited
     (博實樂教育控股有限公司), a company whose shares were listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU)
     and were withdrawn from listing in December 2025. From April 2021 to December 2025, Mr. Zhao was an independent
     director of Gansu Jingang Solar Co. Ltd. (甘肅金剛光伏股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 300093).

     Mr. Zhao graduated with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in marine engineering specialty from Harbin Engineering
     University (formerly known as Harbin Shipbuilding Engineering Institute) of the PRC in July 1983. He also received a
     master’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University of the PRC in May 1986, a doctor of philosophy
     degree in civil engineering from the University of Houston in the United States in June 1993 and a master’s degree in
     business administration from Yale School of Management in the United States in May 2000.

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Huang Peng (黃鵬), aged 42, was appointed as the executive president of the Company on 10 October 2023.
     He has been the chief financial officer from September 2016 to December 2025 and a joint company secretary of the
     Company from March 2018 to 3 April 2024. He is responsible for the daily management of the incubation businesses
     segment of the Group, including new businesses such as environmental business, commercial operational services, the
     “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, real estate agency services, and asset management, as well as
     the development of other innovative businesses at present. Mr. Huang also serves as directors and supervisors of certain
     members of the Group.

     Prior to joining the Group, from April 2006 to September 2009, Mr. Huang served as listing office manager and manager
     of securities department in Vtron Group Co., Ltd.* (威創集團股份有限公司) (formerly known as Guangdong Vtron
     Video Technologies Company Limited* (廣東威創視訊科技股份有限公司)), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
     Exchange(stock code: 002308), which was withdrawn from listing in September 2024, where he was responsible for
     investor relations and investment management. From October 2009 to December 2015, he served in various positions
     including as the head of finance, secretary of the board and deputy general manager in Pony Test Group Company
     Limited* (譜尼測試集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300887), where
     he was responsible for financial management and board secretarial matters. Mr. Huang served as an independent
     director of the board at Beijing Arrays Medical Imaging Corporation* (北京銳視康科技發展有限公司), a company
     engaged in production and sales of medical imaging equipment, from December 2015 to December 2016. From May
     2024 to March 2025, Mr. Huang served as a non-executive director of Hopefluent, a company listed on the Main Board
     of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 733).




42   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Huang graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (華中科技大學) in the PRC in June 2005,
where he obtained a bachelor’s degree in transportation. He graduated from Guanghua School of Management of
Peking University (北京大學光華管理學院) in the PRC with a master’s degree in business administration in July 2012. He
took the course for Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business
in the PRC. He became a PRC Certified Public Accountant (中國註冊會計師) certified by the Certified Public Accountant
Examination Committee of the Ministry of Finance (財政部註冊會計師考試委員會) in December 2014.

Ms. Tian Tian (田田), aged 43, was appointed as the chief financial officer and a senior management member of the
Company on 5 December 2025, with overall responsibility for the Company’s financial management and works related to
the capital market.

Ms. Tian is a PRC Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
(ACCA), with extensive experience in financial management and capital operations. She served as the chief financial
officer of a new energy logistics company from May 2022 to June 2025; a vice president of finance of Waterdrop Inc. (a
company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: WDH)) from October 2020 to February 2022; an executive
director of Zebra Global Capital from July 2016 to September 2020; the financial controller of Qunar.com (a company
listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market (stock code: QUNR), which was delisted in March 2017) from March 2015 to July
2016; and a senior financial manager of VNET Group, Inc. (a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market (stock code:
VNET)) from October 2011 to March 2015. Ms. Tian served as an auditor of KPMG Huazhen LLP and was subsequently
promoted to a senior auditor from August 2006 to July 2010, where she started her professional career.

Ms. Tian obtained a bachelor of engineering degree in Electrical Engineering and Automation from Tsinghua University in
July 2004, and also obtained a master of management degree in Management Science and Engineering from Tsinghua
University in July 2006.

Mr. Guo Zhanjun (郭戰軍), aged 46, served as an executive Director of the Company from 9 March 2018 to 3 April
2024. He has also been the vice president of CG Life Services since he joined the Group in July 2017 and was appointed
as the senior manager of the Company on 3 April 2024. From July 2017 to March 2026, Mr. Guo served as the general
manager of the Group’s Human Resources Management Center, responsible for the overall management of the Group’s
human resources; from August 2023 to the present, Mr. Guo has served as the Company’s Chief Marketing Officer,
responsible for the overall marketing management of the Group. Meanwhile Mr. Guo is also a director of certain members
of the Group.

Prior to joining the Group, from July 2002 to September 2010, Mr. Guo held various positions including human resources
supervisor at Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Company Limited* (鄭州宇通客車股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (stock code: 600066), manager, senior manager and head of the human resources department at GD
Midea Air-Conditioning Equipment Co., Ltd* (廣東美的製冷設備有限公司) and human resources director at AUX Group
Co., Ltd.* (奧克斯集團有限公司), a company mainly engaged in the manufacturing and sales of electrical equipment and
home appliances. From August 2011 to March 2013, Mr. Guo was the head of the human resources department in the
concrete business unit of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (中聯重科股份有限公司) (formerly
known as Changsha Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Development Co., Ltd. (長沙中聯重工科技發展
股份有限公司)), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000157) and the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 1157).

Mr. Guo joined the CGH Group as a deputy general manager of the training and development department in July 2013
and was promoted to human resources director of Jiangzhong region in April 2014 and general manager of the recruiting
department in January 2016, where he was mainly responsible for human resources planning and management. From
June 2016 to February 2017, he left the CGH Group and joined the Beijing branch office of Thaihot Group Co., Ltd.*
(泰禾集團股份有限公司北京分公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000732), which
withdrawn from listing in August 2023, as a deputy general manager of the human resources department and human
resources director of the Beijing region. Mr. Guo returned to the CGH Group as the assistant general manager of
the human resources management centre in February 2017 and was responsible for human resources planning and
management until June 2017.


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025      43
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. Guo graduated from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in July 2002, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree
     in environmental economic and resource management. He obtained a Doctor of Business Administration (DBA) from
     Belhaven University, USA in May 2025.

     Mr. Chen Fenghua (陳風華), aged 46, was appointed as senior manager of the Company on 3 April 2024. He is the
     vice president and director of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company, and the chairman, executive director and
     president of Justbon Services, a subsidiary of the Company, and is primarily responsible for the overall management of
     Justbon Services. Mr. Chen also serves as a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.

     Mr. Chen has accumulated approximately 23 years of work experience in the property management industry. He joined
     CG Life Services in July 2003 and has been engaged in various types of property management projects and served as
     the person in charge of multiple projects and regions of CG Life Services. Mr. Chen was promoted to the position of vice
     president of CG Life Services in September 2018, and was responsible for the overall management of the quality of the
     Group’s property management services from September 2018 to June 2021. Mr. Chen has been responsible for the
     overall management of Justbon Services since June 2021. Mr. Chen has served as a member of the Standardization
     Working Committee of the Guangdong Property Management Industry Institute* (廣東省物業管理行業協會標準化工
     作委員會) since April 2019, a member of the Standardization Working Committee of the China Property Management
     Institute* (中國物業管理協會標準化工作委員會) since July 2019, a deputy director of the Social Life (Residential)
     Property Intelligent Service Professional Committee of the Guangdong Property Management Association* (廣東省物業
     管理行業協會社會生活（住宅）物業智慧服務專業委員會) since December 2020. He has been a member of the property
     management expert think tank of South China University of Technology since June 2021, a vice president of the Sichuan
     Real Estate Industry Association* (四川省房地產業協會) since August 2021, a vice chairman of the Property Management
     Committee of the Sichuan Real Estate Association* (四川省房地產業協會物業管理專委會) since June 2022, and a
     member of the Highquality Development Advisory Committee of Sichuan Real Estate Industry* (四川省房地產業高品質發
     展諮詢委員會) since August 2023.

     Mr. Chen obtained a junior college diploma in property management from the Open University of China in July 2017.

     Mr. Zhu Xinxing (朱新星), aged 43, was appointed as senior manager of the Company on 3 April 2024 and is the vice
     president and director of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for the overall
     management of Link Joy Holdings Group Co., Limited (“Link Joy Holdings”), a subsidiary of the Company. He also
     serves as a director and/or president of a subsidiary of Link Joy Holdings and certain subsidiaries of the Company.

     Mr. Zhu has accumulated approximately 23 years of work experience in the property management industry. He joined
     CG Life Services in June 2002, and has been engaged in various types of property management projects and served as
     the person in charge of multiple projects and regions of CG Life Services. He was responsible for the overall management
     of Hainan regional business of CG Life Services from June 2017 to February 2022, the overall management of Guizhou
     regional business of CG Life Services from May 2020 to September 2021, and the overall management of Hunan
     regional business of CG Life Services from October 2018 to March 2024. Mr. Zhu was promoted to the position of vice
     president of CG Life Services in July 2020, and has been responsible for the overall management of Link Joy Holdings
     since October 2021.

     Mr. Zhu graduated from Tangshan College of Science and Technology* (唐山科技專修學院) and obtained a bachelor’s
     degree in economic management.




44   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
        Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management



JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (梁創順), aged 60, was appointed as a joint company secretary on 9 March 2018. He has
been a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo (胡關李羅律師行), a law firm based in Hong Kong, since 1997.

Mr. Leung is currently the company secretary of four other companies listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, namely China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (招商局中國基金有限公司) (stock code: 0133),
China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (招商局港口控股有限公司) (stock code: 0144), Guangzhou Automobile
Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 2238) and CGH (stock code: 2007).

Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws in November
1988 and obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in laws in September 1989. He became a qualified solicitor in Hong
Kong in October 1991 and in England and Wales in November 1994, respectively. Mr. Leung has been further qualified as
a Greater Bay Area Lawyer in 2023.

Mr. Chen Dilin (陳迪霖), aged 40, was appointed as a joint company secretary on 3 April 2024. He joined the Group in
March 2024 and serves as the vice president of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company.

Mr. Chen conducted audit and financial due diligence when working at PricewaterhouseCoopers, and has over four and
a half years of experiences in mergers and acquisitions, listing advisory and private equity investment in certain renowned
financial institutions thereafter. Afterwards, he also gained over eight years of work experiences in capital operations,
corporate governance, and new business development in a company listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Chen graduated from the University of International Business and Economics of the PRC in July 2008, where
he obtained a bachelor’s degree in management. He became an affiliate member of the Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants of the United Kingdom in June 2008. Mr. Chen has also obtained the Chinese Legal Professional
Qualification in the PRC in June 2023.

*   For identification purpose only




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     The Group deeply understands the important role that its Board plays in providing effective leadership and guidance for
     the businesses of the Group and ensuring the transparency and accountability of the operation of the Group, and knows
     very well that sound corporate governance will lead the Group towards success and help add value to the Shareholders.
     Therefore, the Board consistently strives to maintain a high level of business ethics, a healthy corporate culture and
     sound corporate governance by formulating and implementing corporate governance policies and practices that are in
     line with the behavior and growth of the businesses of the Group.

     During the Year, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the Corporate
     Governance Code (“Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     BY DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (“Model Code”) as
     set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions of the Company by
     its Directors and employees (the “Securities Dealing Code”).

     Having made specific enquiries, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code and the Securities
     Dealing Code throughout the Year. No incident of non-compliance was found by the Company during the Year. Relevant
     employees who may be in possession of inside information of the Group are also subject to compliance with written
     guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code.

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Roles and Functions of the Board and Management

     The Board supervises the business, strategic decisions, and performance of the Group and should make decisions
     objectively in the best interest of the Company.

     The Board should regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the
     Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.

     The Board assumes responsibility for leadership, supervision and control of the Company, and the members of the Board
     are collectively responsible for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The Board is fully responsible for the
     formulation of business policies and strategies in relation to the business operation of the Group, including dividend policy
     and risk management strategies. The management is delegated with the authority and responsibilities by the Board for
     the day-to-day management and operation of the Group. The management is responsible for the daily management and
     operation of the Group’s business and the implementation of business policies and strategies approved by the Board.

     Board Composition

     As at 31 December 2025, the Board comprised seven Directors, including two executive Directors (namely Mr. Xu
     Binhuai (President) and Mr. Xiao Hua), one non-executive Director (namely Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)) and four
     independent non-executive Directors (namely Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Rui Meng, Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun).




46   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report


During the Year, the Board comprised the following Directors:

Executive Directors:                            Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)
                                                Mr. Xiao Hua

Non-executive Director:                         Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)

Independent Non-executive Directors:            Mr. Mei Wenjue
                                                Mr. Rui Meng
                                                Mr. Chen Weiru
                                                Mr. Zhao Jun

The detailed biographies of the current Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors
and Senior Management” of this annual report.

There was no relationship among the other members of the Board (including that between the chairman and the
president), including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship.

During the Year, the Company arranged for appropriate coverage of Directors’ and senior management’s liability
insurance policy to indemnify the Directors and senior management for liabilities arising from the corporate activities. The
coverage and the amount insured under such policy are reviewed annually by the Company. No legal actions were made
against any of the Directors in relation to their duties performed for the Company during the Year.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
During the Year, the Board has complied with Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules in having three
independent non-executive Directors (representing one-third of the number of members of the Board). The independent
non-executive Directors, all of whom are independent of the management of the Group’s businesses, are highly
experienced professionals with substantial experience in areas such as legal, accounting or financial management.

The Company has received annual written confirmation of his independence to the Group from each independent non-
executive Director pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all the independent non-
executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are
independent persons according to the same, and that they complied with the requirement for independence under Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.

In addition to the regular Board meetings, the chairman had meetings with the independent non-executive Directors
without the presence of other Directors during the Year.

The Board has adopted effective mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.
Subject to approval of the chairman of the Board, Directors may seek, at the Company’s expense, independent legal,
financial or other professional advice from advisors independent to those advising the Company as and when necessary
in appropriate circumstances to enable them to discharge their responsibilities effectively. The Board will review the
implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on an annual basis.

The Board considers that the above mechanisms are effective in ensuring that independent views and input are provided
to the Board.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025       47
     Corporate Governance Report



     DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY
     According to the Remuneration Policy for Directors and Senior Management currently adopted by the Board, the
     remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management shall be recommended by the Remuneration
     Committee to the Board with reference to the remuneration packages of comparable positions in similar companies,
     business requirements, individual experience, the Directors’ performance and duties, etc., and shall be determined by
     the Board after review and adjusted on a regular basis. The policy specifies the procedures for its formulation and review,
     the principle of determining the remuneration packages of the Directors, senior management and other employees,
     and the review of the policy and its disclosure. The policy, which is available for inspection on the Company’s website
     (www.bgyfw.com), also reflects the latest requirements of the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ CONTINUING PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
     Directors’ training is an ongoing process. All Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and courses on relevant
     topics, which may count towards continuous professional development training.

     Pursuant to the former code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance Code, Directors should participate in
     continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their
     contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. According to the records maintained by the Company, during
     the Year, all the current Directors, being Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Xu Binhuai, Mr. Xiao Hua, Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Rui Meng,
     Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun, had participated in appropriate continuous professional development activities by
     attending training sessions, reading articles, newspapers, journals and/or updates relevant to the Company’s business or
     to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities and complied with the requirements of the former code provision C.1.4 of the
     Corporate Governance Code.

     A summary of their training records is as follows:

                                                              Type of Continuing                Content of Continuing
         Directors                                            Professional Development (Note 1) Professional Development (Note 2)

         Executive Directors:
         Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)                           1, 2                              A, B
         Mr. Xiao Hua                                         1, 2                              A, B

         Non-executive Director:
         Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                           1, 2                              A, B

         Independent Non-executive Directors:
         Mr. Mei Wenjue                                       1, 2                              A, B
         Mr. Rui Meng                                         1, 2                              A, B
         Mr. Chen Weiru                                       1, 2                              A, B
         Mr. Zhao Jun                                         1, 2                              A, B

     Note 1:

     1       Attending internal seminars/training sessions, lectures, symposiums or forums

     2       Reading newspapers, journals and updates

     Note 2:

     A.      Businesses relating to the Company

     B.      Laws, rules and regulations, accounting standards




48   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Corporate Governance Report



APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Under the requirements of code provision B.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code, every Director, including those
appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Each of the
Directors is engaged on a service agreement (for executive Directors and non-executive Directors) or an appointment
letter (for independent non-executive Directors) with the Company for a term of three years. All of them are subject to
retirement and re-election in accordance with the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”).

According to the Articles of Association, (i) any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office
until the first general meeting after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting; (ii) any Director
appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting of
the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election; and (iii) at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors
for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall
retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to
retirement by rotation at an annual general meeting at least once every three years. As such, no Directors have a term of
appointment longer than three years.

BOARD MEETINGS
The Board holds at least four meetings a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Additional meetings would be arranged
if and when required. The date of each Board meeting is decided in advance to enable the Directors to attend the
meeting in person. For those Directors who are not able to attend these meetings in person, participation by telephone
conference is available.

The Board meets regularly to discuss and determine the Group’s strategies, set directions, and monitor the performance
of the Group. Notice of not less than 14 days is given to all Directors before convening regular meetings. Each Director
can access the advice and services of the company secretary(ies) of the Company (the “Company Secretary(ies)”) and is
invited to include any matters for discussion in the agenda of the regular meetings. Agendas and materials for discussion
in the meetings are circulated to all Directors at least three days prior to the respective date of the meetings.

A substantial Shareholder or a Director, who has declared to have a conflict of interest in the proposed transactions or
matters to be discussed, shall not be counted in the quorum of the meeting and shall abstain from voting on the relevant
resolution, and the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution.

The Company Secretary prepares detailed minutes of each meeting. After the meeting, draft and final versions of the
minutes would be sent to all the Directors for comments and records as soon as practicable. Minutes of Board meetings
and Board committees’ meetings are kept by the Listing Company Secretariat of the Company and are open for
inspection by any Director after due notice is issued by him/her.

During the Year, the Directors have made active contribution to the affairs of the Group and thirteen Board meetings
were held to consider, among other things, various transactions contemplated by the Group and review and approve the
interim results and annual results of the Group.

Pursuant to Article 100(1) of the Articles of Association, a Director shall not be entitled to vote nor be counted in the
quorum on any resolution of the Board approving any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which he or any
of his close associates is materially interested.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025        49
     Corporate Governance Report



     ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF THE DIRECTORS
     The attendance records of the Directors at the Board meetings, the Board committees’ meetings and the general
     meetings held during the Year are set out below:

                                                           Attended/Eligible to attend during the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                    Environmental,
                                                                                                              Debt      Social and
                                                             Audit Remuneration        Nomination        Recovery     Governance
                                              Board      Committee     Committee        Committee       Committee      Committee            General
      Directors                              Meeting       Meeting        Meeting          Meeting        Meeting         Meeting           Meeting


      Executive Directors:
      Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)               13/13   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable             1/1              1/1        1/1
      Mr. Xiao Hua                             13/13   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable             1/1              1/1        1/1

      Non-executive Director:
      Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)               13/13   Not applicable             3/3              1/1    Not applicable             1/1        1/1

      Independent Non-executive Directors:
      Mr. Mei Wenjue                           13/13             3/3               3/3   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable       1/1
      Mr. Rui Meng                             13/13             3/3    Not applicable              1/1              1/1   Not applicable       1/1
      Mr. Chen Weiru                           13/13             3/3               3/3              1/1   Not applicable              1/1       1/1
      Mr. Zhao Jun                             13/13             3/3    Not applicable              1/1   Not applicable              1/1       1/1


     CHAIRMAN AND PRESIDENT
     Ms. Yang Huiyan is the chairman and Mr. Xu Binhuai is the president of the Company. The roles of the chairman and
     the president are segregated. Ms. Yang and Mr. Xu are not connected in any respect. The chairman provides leadership
     for the Board and ensures that there is clear division of responsibilities at the Board level. The president is responsible
     for overseeing the day-to-day management of the Company, supervising the businesses of the Group and ensuring that
     Board committees work smoothly and effectively.

     BOARD COMMITTEES
     As a part of good corporate governance, the Board has set up a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration
     Committee”), an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), a nomination Committee (the “Nomination Committee”),
     an environmental, social and governance committee (the “Environmental, Social and Governance Committee”) and
     a Debt Recovery Committee (the “Debt Recovery Committee”) for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s
     affairs. Each committee has its own specific delegated authorities and operates within defined written terms of reference,
     which are posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and/or the Company (www.bgyfw.com).
     All the Board committees should report to the Board on their decisions or recommendations made.




50   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report


Audit Committee

The Audit Committee currently comprises all four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Rui Meng, who acts as
the chairman, Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun.

The duties of the Audit Committee include, inter alia, reviewing and monitoring the financial reporting, risk management
and internal control systems of the Company, and assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibility over the audit;
making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor; and
monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process. The Audit
Committee should meet at least twice a year to discuss and review the financial information, the risk management and
internal control systems and relevant matters. The procedures of the Audit Committee meetings are the same as that
of the Board meetings. Terms of reference of the Audit Committee are currently available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

During the Year, the Audit Committee has reviewed the 2024 audit planning memorandums, the annual results and
annual report for the year ended 31 December 2024, the interim results and interim report for the period ended 30
June 2025, the financial reporting and compliance procedures, connected transactions, report on entrusted financial
management status, internal control report, and the remuneration of external auditor and other matters.

The Company’s annual results announcement and annual report for the Year have been reviewed by the Audit
Committee.

During the Year, the Audit Committee held three meetings and duly discharged the above duties. The attendance record
of each member of the Audit Committee at the meetings is listed under the section headed “Attendance Records of
the Directors” above on a named basis.

Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises Mr. Chen Weiru, an independent non-executive Director who acts as
the chairman, and two other members, namely Mr. Mei Wenjue, an independent non-executive Director, and Ms. Yang
Huiyan, a non-executive Director.

The responsibilities and authorities of the Remuneration Committee are clearly defined in its terms of reference, the
principal duties of which include, inter alia, (i) making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and
structure for the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (ii) reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration
proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; and (iii) making recommendations to the Board
on the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management.

The Board together with the Remuneration Committee monitor the performance of the executive Directors and the senior
management. Such division of responsibilities ensures a balance of power. The Remuneration Committee shall meet at
any time when necessary. Terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are currently available on the websites of
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025      51
     Corporate Governance Report


     During the Year, the Remuneration Committee held three meetings. In particular, the Remuneration Committee
     assessed the performance of the executive Directors and the senior management, and reviewed their remuneration. The
     Remuneration Committee also recommended to the Board on the disclosures of remuneration and services agreement
     of Directors in the draft 2024 Annual Report and circular for the annual general meeting, reviewed the implementation
     of the 2024 Share Option Scheme during the year of 2024, proposed the emoluments of the newly appointed senior
     management members, and proposed to amend the rules of the 2024 Share Option Scheme and the terms of the
     granted options. Details of the emoluments of Directors paid for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 and the
     Share Option Scheme are disclosed in the note to the consolidated financial statements and the Report of the Directors,
     respectively. The attendance record of individual Directors at the Remuneration Committee meetings is listed under the
     section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

     Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the Year are set out in note 42(a) to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     Details of the five individuals with the highest emoluments are set out in note 10(b) to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     The remuneration* of the members of senior management (other than Directors) of the Company by band for the Year is
     set out below:

                                                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                                                  members of
         RMB                                                                                                              senior management


         1 to 4,000,000                                                                                                                            1
         4,000,001 to 6,000,000                                                                                                                    4
         10,000,001 to 14,000,000                                                                                                                  1

     *      The remuneration includes salary, contributions to retirement benefits, other social security costs and value of employee share schemes (if
            any)


     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee currently comprises four members, including one non-executive Director, namely Ms. Yang
     Huiyan, who acts as the chairman, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Rui Meng, Mr. Chen
     Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun.

     The main duties of the Nomination Committee include, inter alia, reviewing the structure, size and composition of the
     Board, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members, assessing the independence of independent
     non-executive Directors, assessing the time commitment and contributions of Board, regularly evaluating the
     performance of the Board, and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and removal of Directors.
     Terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are currently available on the websites of the Stock Exchange
     (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

     During the Year, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. In particular, the Nomination Committee reviewed
     and recommended to the Board the policy on diversity of Board members of the Company and structure, size and
     composition of the Board, the independence of independent non-executive Directors, the arrangements for retirement
     and re-election of Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The attendance record of individual Directors at
     the Nomination Committee meeting is listed under the section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above
     on a named basis.

     The nomination policy was adopted on 20 December 2018.




52   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Corporate Governance Report


Objectives

1.   The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make
     recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings for appointment or re-appointment
     or appoint as Directors to fill casual vacancies or as an addition to the existing Board.

2.   The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than the
     number of directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual vacancies to be
     filled.

3.   The Committee should ensure that the Board members have skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
     appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

Selection Criteria

4.   The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing candidates:

     i.      Reputation for integrity

     ii.     Achievements and experience among different industries

     iii.    Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest

     iv.     Independence

     v.      Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and
             educational background, ethnicity, qualifications, professional experience, skills, knowledge, independence
             and length of service

     vi.     For proposed independent non-executive Directors who will be holding their seventh (or more) listed company
             directorship, whether the individuals would still be able to devote sufficient time to the Board (including
             whether the individuals have extensive experience in corporate governance of listed companies, are familiar
             with the management of listed companies, have close and good communication with the management
             of the Company and other independent non-executive Directors, can make the management decision of
             the Company works properly, are a chairman of the board or chief executive officer or full-time executive
             director of other listed companies, the business activity of other listed companies in which the individuals hold
             directorship, etc.)

     vii.    Other factors considered to be relevant by the Nomination Committee on a case-by-case basis, including the
             requirements and restrictions as stated in the Listing Rules

     These factors are for reference only, and are not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee
     has the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

5.   Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Nomination Committee and recommendation by the Board to
     stand for re-election at a general meeting.

6.   Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form, together
     with their written consent to be appointed as a Director and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any
     documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election as a Director.

7.   The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if considered
     necessary.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       53
     Corporate Governance Report


     Nomination Procedures

     8.    The secretary of the Nomination Committee or the Company Secretary shall call a meeting of the Nomination
           Committee, and invite nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for consideration by the Nomination
           Committee prior to its meeting. The Nomination Committee may also identify candidates pursuant to the criteria set
           out in this policy and put forward candidates who are not nominated by Board members.

     9.    The Nomination Committee may use any process that it deems appropriate to evaluate the candidates pursuant
           to the criteria set out in this policy, which may include personal interviews, background checks, presentations or
           written submissions by the candidates and third-party references.

     10.   For filling a casual vacancy and for addition to the existing Board, the Nomination Committee shall make
           recommendations for the Board’s consideration, approval and appointment. Any Director appointed by the Board
           to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting after his appointment and be subject to re-
           election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
           office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election. For
           proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall make nominations
           to the Board for its consideration and recommendation to the Shareholders.

     11.   In case of election at a general meeting, until the issue of the circular to the Shareholders, the nominated persons
           shall not assume that they have been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.

     12.   In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at the general
           meeting, a circular will be sent to Shareholders. The names, brief biographies (including qualifications and relevant
           experience), independence, proposed remuneration and any other information, as required pursuant to the
           applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the Listing Rules), of the proposed candidates will be included in
           the circular to the Shareholders. In addition, where a new Director is appointed or re-designated, the Company will
           announce the change as soon as practicable and include details of the relevant Director as required pursuant to
           the Listing Rules.

     13.   The Shareholders may propose a person for election as a Director, details of which are set out in the “Procedures
           for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director” of the Company. A Shareholder can serve a
           notice at the registered office, head office or the registration office (such place as the Board may from time to
           time determine to keep a branch register of members and where (except the Board otherwise directs) the transfer
           or other documents of title are to be lodged for registration and are to be registered) of the Company within the
           lodgment period of its intention to propose a resolution to elect certain person(s) other than those candidates set
           out in the Shareholder circular as a Director, without the Board’s recommendation or the Nomination Committee’s
           nomination. The particulars of the candidates so proposed will be sent to all Shareholders for information by a
           supplementary circular.

     14.   A candidate is allowed to withdraw his candidature at any time before the general meeting by serving a notice in
           writing to the Company Secretary.

     15.   The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for
           election at any general meeting. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests with the
           entire Board.

     16.   The Company will disclose this nomination policy in the Company’s corporate governance report and/or by other
           means in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

     17.   The progress made towards achieving the objective set out in this nomination policy will be disclosed in the
           Company’s corporate governance report annually and/or by other means in accordance with the requirements of
           the Listing Rules.




54   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Corporate Governance Report


Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee was established in August 2020 with written terms of reference.
The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee currently comprises five members, including two executive
Directors, namely Mr. Xu Binhuai and Mr. Xiao Hua; one non-executive Director, namely Ms. Yang Huiyan; and two
independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun, and Mr. Xu Binhuai was appointed as
the chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. The main duties of the Environmental, Social
and Governance Committee include, inter alia, (a) formulating and reviewing the environmental, social and governance
(“ESG”) responsibilities, visions, strategies, framework, principles and policies of the Group, strengthening the materiality
assessment and reporting process to ensure and implement continuous execution and implementation of ESG policies
passed by the Board; (b) supervising and reviewing the work of the Group’s ESG working group and evaluating the
Group’s ESG performance, and reporting to the Board; and (c) supervising the assessment of the environmental and
social impact of the Group’s business and making recommendations to the Board, etc.

During the Year, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held one meeting and duly discharged the above
duties. The attendance record of individual Directors at the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee meeting is
listed under the section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

Debt Recovery Committee

The Debt Recovery Committee was established in August 2024 with written terms of reference. As of the date of this
report, the Debt Recovery Committee currently comprised five members, including the executive Director Mr. Xu Binhuai
who acts as the chairman, and other five members, namely executive Director Mr. Xiao Hua, independent non-executive
Director Mr. Rui Meng, and three members of the core management (among them, Ms. Tian Tian, the chief financial
officer of the Company, was appointed on 27 March 2026 as a member of the Debt Recovery Committee).

The purpose of establishing the Debt Recovery Committee is to facilitate the timely recovery of the Group’s trade
receivables, to improve the efficiency of decision-making and execution of matters relating to the recovery of the Group’s
trade receivables, to safeguard the operating cash flow, and to assist the Board in maintaining a sound and effective
risk management and internal control system to effectively prevent risks. The committee shall provide regular progress
reports to the Board regarding debt recovery efforts, and recommend the Board to take appropriate corporate actions in
due course to protect the interests of the Shareholders.

During the Year, the Debt Recovery Committee held one meeting, and have discharged the aforementioned duties. The
attendance record of individual Directors at the Debt Recovery Committee meeting is listed under the section headed
“Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
As no corporate governance committee has been established by the Company, the Board is responsible for, among
other things, formulating and reviewing the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Group and making
recommendations for such aspects, reviewing and monitoring the policies and practices on the Group’s compliance of
legal and regulatory requirements, reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of
Directors and senior management, and reviewing the Group’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and the
disclosures in the annual report. This corporate governance report has been reviewed by the Board in discharge of its
corporate governance function.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       55
     Corporate Governance Report



     SUMMARY OF THE BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) setting out the objectives and the
     factors to be considered for achieving the diversity of the Board. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of
     having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy
     and competence, and the candidates will be considered against certain objective criteria such as gender, age, cultural
     and educational background, ethnicity, professional qualifications, experience, skills, knowledge and length of services,
     etc. The Board, through the Nomination Committee, monitors the implementation and effectiveness of the Board
     Diversity Policy and reviews the policy as and when appropriate.

     The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity taking into account a number of factors, including but not limited to
     educational background, gender, age, skills and knowledge. The ultimate selection decision will be based on merits of
     the candidates and contribution to the Board.

     As at 31 December 2025, an analysis of the Board composition based on the range of diversity perspectives is set out as
     follows:

                   Educational background (highest)                                         Gender


                                   14%
                                                                                        14%

                                               43%

                               43%                                                                    86%




                 Master’s Degree      Doctorate Degree      Others                      Male          Female


                             Skills and knowledge                                               Age
                                                                               4
                       5

                       4                                                       3

                       3
                                                                               2

                       2
                                                                               1
                       1

                                                                               0
                       0                                                                  Number of persons
                                   Number of persons

                                                                                       41–50           51–60
                  Development Strategy and              Property
                  Marketing Management                  Management
                                                                                       61–70
                  Financial Management




56   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report


Each of the Board members possesses different skills and knowledge, including development strategy and marketing
management, property management, financial management, etc. The Board is characterised by significant diversity in
terms of gender, age, education, skills and knowledge.

The current Board comprises one female member and six male members, with the female member serving as the
chairman of the Board. The Board targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation, with the ultimate
goal of achieving gender parity. The Board is mindful of the factors for assessing the candidacy of the Board members,
and will ensure that any successors to the Board shall follow the Board Diversity Policy. Similar considerations shall also
be in place to assess the candidacy of the senior management team from time to time. The Board will, by inviting existing
Directors to recommend suitable candidates, engaging independent professional search firm(s) to help identify potential
candidates for independent non-executive Directors, and other means, continue to take opportunities to increase the
proportion of female members as and when suitable candidates are identified in the future. The Company is determined
to enhance the diversity of the Board to achieve gender equality in respect of the gender ratio. For the diversity of
succession plan, the Board will also take the gender diversity of successors into consideration. The Company expects
that the above targets are achievable with suitable effort in promoting gender diversity.

Viewing from the Company’s perspective as a whole, as at 31 December 2025, the Company has 209,837 employees
(including senior management) in total comprising of approximately 92,114 females and 117,723 males (a male-to-female
ratio of 6:4), achieving balanced gender diversity in general and reflecting a gender equality principle generally adhered
by the Company. The Group strives to form a diversified and inclusion work environment and values the representation
of female members among senior management. The percentage of female members in the core senior management
team of CG Life Services, the main operating entity under the Group in the PRC, was 32%, leveraging “she-power” in the
workplace. The Company is mindful of the objectives set out in the diversity policy when assessing the candidacy of the
employees, and will ensure that the Company shall continue to follow the policy.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the Year
in accordance with the legal requirements and applicable accounting standards.

The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable annual report and other disclosures
required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The management has provided necessary
explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the financial information and
financial position of the Group to be presented to the Board for approval.

There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern.

DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
Ms. Yang Huiyan, the ultimate controlling Shareholder of the Company, has entered into a deed of non-competition
(the “Deed of Non-competition”) dated 29 May 2018 in favour of the Company to the effect that she will not, and
will procure her respective close associates (except the CGH Group) not to, directly or indirectly participate in, or hold
any right or interest in, or otherwise be involved in any business which may be in competition with the business of
the Company. Further details are set out in the section titled “Deed of Non-Competition” in the prospectus of the
Company dated 6 June 2018.

The Company has received the written confirmation from Ms. Yang Huiyan in respect of her compliance with the Deed
of Non-Competition for the Year. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance with and
enforcement of the Deed of Non-Competition by Ms. Yang for the Year.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       57
     Corporate Governance Report



     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     Duties of the Board and the Management

     The Board is solely responsible for maintaining sound and effective risk management and internal control systems to
     safeguard the Company’s assets and the Shareholders’ interests. The Board deeply understands that effective risk
     management and internal control systems play an indispensable role in ensuring the Company’s continuous legal and
     compliant operations, as well as in effectively responding to changes in the internal and external environment. Given that
     such risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
     achieve the business objectives, the systems can only provide reasonable assurance, rather than absolute assurance that
     there will be no material misstatement or loss. The Company is aware of the duties of the Board and the management in
     the risk management and internal control systems:

     •    The Board (decision-making level): shall be responsible for assessing and determining the category and
          extent of the risks (covering ESG risks) that the Company is willing to take in pursuing the strategic objectives. It
          shall ensure that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal
          control systems, continuously overseeing the management in the design, implementation and operation of such
          systems and conducting annual reviews to ensure that sufficient resources are allocated in areas such as staffing,
          professional qualifications, system development and talent cultivation, thereby providing strong support for risk
          management and internal control efforts.

     •    The Audit Committee (decision-making level): shall be responsible for continuously monitoring the overall
          design and operations of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, reviewing the construction
          of the risk management system, and conducting regular review and evaluation of the effectiveness of the system.

     •    The Supervisory Committee (decision-making and supervisory level): shall be responsible for overseeing the
          establishment, execution and implementation of the risk management and internal control systems by the Board,
          and safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and the Shareholders from an independent
          supervisory perspective.

     •    The senior management at headquarters (execution level): shall be responsible for driving the daily operation
          of the risk management and internal control systems, ensuring that all control measures are duly implemented and
          providing assurance to the Board on the effectiveness of the operation of such system.

     •    The management of the headquarters and its subsidiaries (execution level): formulates and implements the
          specific risk response solutions and management measures based on the actual circumstances of the businesses,
          tracks and monitors risk dynamics and the effectiveness of such responses and reports to the senior management
          at headquarters.

     •    The Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department (supervisory body): independently supervises the
          operation of the risk management and internal control systems of the headquarters and all subsidiaries, and
          promotes continuous improvement of the systems. The department conducts independent assessments of the
          Company’s risks through various means such as risk control projects and audit projects, reports identified issues
          and rectification progress to the Audit Committee, and follows up on the implementation of remedial measures.
          During the reporting period, members of the Group’s Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department held in
          aggregate twelve professional qualifications, covering areas such as Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified
          Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Anti-Fraud Professional (CAP), as
          well as financial accounting, taxation, legal and other professional fields, providing the department with sufficient
          professional competence to perform its risk management and internal control functions.




58   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Corporate Governance Report


Annual Risk Management and Internal Controls

1.   The Risk Management and Internal Control System Construction

     CG Services has set up a top-down and bottom-up integrated risk management infrastructure at the group level,
     and has been continuously improving and refining such framework, defining clear and executable risk management
     procedures and adopting an active and structured approach to promote the deep implementation of its internal risk
     management culture. Meanwhile, the Company has continuously made reference to the internal control framework
     issued by COSO (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission), and further refined the
     design of its internal control system by taking into account its business characteristics. The Company also clearly
     defines the powers and responsibilities of each unit and each department to protect assets from improper use,
     maintain proper accounts and ensure compliance with the rules. During the Year, based on the existing foundation,
     the Company has further advanced system development of its systems through the following work:

     •    The risk management system: the Company has further optimized a risk management structure covering
          the decision-making level, the execution level and the supervisory level based on the organizational structure
          of the Company. The responsibilities of each level are clearly defined to ensure that the risk management
          objectives are consistent with the Company’s strategic objectives. In terms of mechanism design, the Board,
          the Audit Committee and the Supervisory Committee will identify, assess and monitor risks at company
          level using a top-down approach, while the management of each business unit will identify, manage and
          report operational risks using a bottom-up approach. The Company has established a corresponding risk
          management process, covering the management actions including risk identification, risk analysis, risk
          response and risk tracking, and has comprehensively reviewed various risks of the Company by adopting
          certain risk assessment methods to ensure that the risk management work is carried out in an orderly
          manner.

     •    The internal control system: the Company has further clarified the responsibilities and boundaries of each
          level and function in internal control, and clearly defined the respective roles of the Board, the management
          and independent oversight department. The Board is responsible for overseeing the implementation of the
          internal control system by the management and reviewing the effectiveness of such system on an annual
          basis. The management reports the implementation of the system to the Board to ensure that all control
          measures operate effectively and are continuously optimized. The Company has established an independent
          oversight department that regularly reports the operation of the internal control system to the Board and the
          Audit Committee.

     •    The anti-corruption system: the Company has continuously strengthened the development of an integrity
          and compliance culture, maintaining a zero-tolerance stance against corruption, and has established a
          monitoring function to coordinate anti-corruption efforts across the Company, including maintaining smooth
          channels for complaints and whistle-blowing, establishing and continuously improving accountability system
          for violations, and conducting anti-corruption training and communication for employees of all units to ensure
          that awareness of integrity and compliance is effectively communicated throughout the organization.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025       59
     Corporate Governance Report


     2.   Implementation of Risk Management and Internal Control

          •      In terms of risk management: taking into account external regulatory developments, changes in the
                 market environment and its internal operating conditions, the Company has implemented a series of
                 specialized risk control efforts to assess the likelihood of occurrence and potential impact of risks. Based on
                 the Company’s risk tolerance abilities, it has also proposed targeted response measures and coordinated
                 with various departments to ensure the implementation. The Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department
                 has designed a risk assessment system to dynamically track key risk matters and continuously evaluate the
                 effectiveness of mitigation measures. The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, has regularly reviewed
                 the changes in the nature and extent of various major risks of the Company (including ESG-related risks),
                 including significant risks, and completed the review of the risk management system which was considered
                 by it to be overall effective and adequate. During the reporting period, the management held two meetings to
                 report the situation of risk control and the operation of the system to the Audit Committee and the Board.

          •      In terms of internal control: the Company has continuously deepened its internal control work by
                 combining routine audits and special audits to systematically assess the effectiveness of controls across
                 various aspects of daily operations, and to promptly follow up and rectify identified issues. During the
                 reporting period, the Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department completed a total of 15 risk control
                 audit projects, including performance audits and departure audits, and has established a comprehensive
                 deficiency classification standard and rectification closed-loop mechanism to ensure that issues identified
                 in audits are effectively tracked until rectification is completed, and regularly reports the results of internal
                 control reviews to the Audit Committee. In addition, the Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department has
                 also conducted targeted training on risk awareness and internal control skills for the Company’s employees.
                 During the reporting period, more than 2,300 participants attended such training, with the aim of enhancing
                 the risk awareness and internal control capabilities of personnel in key positions, thereby improving the overall
                 effectiveness of the internal control system.

          •      In terms of anti-corruption: the Company has continuously strengthened red-line awareness and integrity
                 and compliance discipline among all employees (including new recruits) through daily meetings, specialized
                 training, online courses and other methods. The Company has established multiple complaint and whistle-
                 blowing channel, including a dedicated reporting email, a 400 hotline and online channels (OA platform),
                 which are maintained by designated personnel on a regular basis. The Risk Control, Audit and Supervision
                 Department is responsible for conducting independent investigations and handling of reported matters, and
                 protects the privacy of whistleblowers in accordance with the Measure for Whistleblower Protection and
                 Management of the Group. The Company has continuously revised and improved institutional documents
                 such as the Regulations on the Management of Employees’ Professional Conduct of the CG Services
                 Group to play its role of guiding and restraining the behavior of its employees. During the reporting period,
                 the Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department handled a total of 468 whistleblowing cases. Through
                 standardized verification, follow-up and investigation procedures, a total of 306 cases of non-compliance and
                 misconduct were addressed, effectively promoting the implementation of integrity and compliance principles
                 across the Company. In terms of conflict-of-interest management, the Company has organized all employees
                 to sign conflict-of-interest undertakings, and has simultaneously optimized the technical support and
                 management mechanisms for conflict-of-interest declarations, making the reporting process more convenient
                 and standardized. Through the above comprehensive measures, the Company has continuously enhanced
                 its anti-corruption capabilities and further reinforced a corporate culture of integrity and fairness.




60   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Corporate Governance Report


Summary of the Effectiveness of Review of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

During the Year, the Board of the Company, through the Audit Committee, has conducted a comprehensive review
of the risk management and internal control systems of the Company, which includes major risk assessment and
internal control review of key business processes in the Year. The period of this review covered the financial year of
2025 with the scope covering the Company’s main business and all significant control measures, including financial
monitoring, operational monitoring and compliance monitoring, and took into account changes in the nature and extent
of significant risks (including ESG risks), as well as the Company’s ability to respond to changes in its business and
external environment. During the Year, the Company has established and maintained the operation of relatively sound
risk management and internal control systems with various management and control mechanisms operating normally
and there were no significant control failings or weaknesses identified. For the various inherent risks identified during the
annual risk assessment, the Company has formulated corresponding control measures and response plans, which would
be implemented by the Group and all grassroots business units under the coordination of the senior management at
the headquarters, thereby keeping overall risks within a controllable range. The Board considers that the Company has
complied with the risk management and internal control provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code and that
the risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate.

The Board has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experiences of accounting, internal audit, financing
reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting and the training
programs for staff and the relevant budget, and the processes for relevant financial reporting and compliance with the
Listing Rules, and considered them effective and adequate.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has implemented procedures and internal controls for the handling
and dissemination of inside information. In particular, the Group:

•     has conducted its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the Listing Rules as well as the
      “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” published by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012;

•     has established the Group’s own disclosure obligation procedures, which set out the procedures and controls
      for the assessment of potential inside information and the handling and dissemination of inside information.
      The procedures have been communicated to the senior management and staff of the Company, and their
      implementation was monitored by the Company; and

•     has made broad, non-exclusive disclosure of information to the public through channels such as financial reports,
      public announcements and its website.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
The joint company secretaries of the Company are Mr. Chen Dilin, the vice president of CG Life Services and the
authorised representative of the Company, and Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor and an external service
provider. They have complied with the relevant professional training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by
taking not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Year.

The primary contact person of the Company with Mr. Leung is Ms. Zhang Lin, the head of the listing company secretariat
of the Company.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       61
     Corporate Governance Report



     EXTERNAL AUDITOR AND AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
     The statement of the external auditor of the Company regarding its reporting responsibilities on the Company’s financial
     statements for the Year is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this annual report.

     An analysis of the fees for the auditor of the Company, Deloitte, in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the
     Year is as follows:

      Types of services provided by the external auditor                                                              Amount
                                                                                                                    (RMB’000)


      — 2025 interim financial report
        Professional review service                                                                                       2,400
      — Non-audit service
        ESG consulting service                                                                                              350

      — 2025 annual financial statements
        Professional audit service                                                                                        5,700


      Total:                                                                                                              8,450


     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     During the Year, no changes were made to the constitutional documents of the Company. The latest versions of
     such documents are available on the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com) and the website of the Stock Exchange
     (www.hkexnews.hk).

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     Pursuant to the Articles of Association and Dividend Policy, dividends may be declared and paid out of the profits of the
     Company, realised or unrealised, or from any reserves set aside from profits which the Directors determine is no longer
     required. Dividends may also be declared and paid out of the share premium account or any other fund or account which
     is authorised for this purpose in accordance with the Cayman Islands Companies Act. Any declaration of dividends,
     however, is subject to the Company’s results of operations, working capital and cash position, future business and
     earnings, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, if any, as well as any other factors which the Board may consider
     relevant.

     In addition, any declaration and payment as well as the amount of the dividends will be subject to the provisions of (i)
     the Articles of Association, which require any final dividends to be approved by Shareholders at a general meeting, and
     (ii) the Cayman Islands Companies Act, which provides that dividends may be paid out of sums standing to the credit of
     its share premium account provided that immediately following the payment of dividend, the Company shall be able to
     pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Under the applicable PRC law, each of the Company’s
     subsidiaries in the PRC may only distribute after-tax profits after it has made allocations or allowances for recovery of
     accumulated losses and allocations to the statutory reserves.

     The final dividend in respect of any financial year shall be approved by the shareholders, and the interim and special
     dividends may be approved by the Board at its discretion. The Company may declare and pay dividends in cash or in
     scrip shares or in such other forms as the Board may think fit and in accordance with the Articles of Association of the
     Company and all applicable laws and regulations.




62   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
Communication with Shareholders

The Group recognises the importance of transparent and timely disclosure of corporate information, which enables
Shareholders and investors to make the best investment decision. The Company believes that effective communication
with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’ understanding of the Group’s business
performance and strategies. The Company has adopted a Shareholder’s Communication Policy effective from July 2020,
and has revised the policy on 29 December 2022 and 27 March 2025, which sets out the Company’s commitment
of maintaining an effective ongoing dialogue with Shareholders. In summary, the Company establishes different
communication channels with Shareholders and stakeholders including: (i) provision of printed or electronic copies
of corporate communications; (ii) provision of timely corporate information on the Company’s website; (iii) holding of
annual general meetings to provide platform for Shareholders to raise comments and exchange views with the Board;
and (iv) arrangement in serving the Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters. During the Year, the Board
has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholder’s Communication Policy, including the existing
shareholder communication channels and measures for handling shareholders’ enquiries, considered that the policy had
been properly implemented and remained effective. The Board considered that it remained effective in enhancing timely,
transparent, accurate and open communication between the Company and the Shareholders. The policy is available at
the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com). The Board will review annually the implementation and effectiveness of the
said policy.

The Company maintains a website (www.bgyfw.com) with an “Investor Relations” column where information of the
Group’s businesses and projects, key corporate governance policies and announcements, financial reports and other
information are available for public access. The Shareholders and investors may send written enquiries or requests to the
Company as follows.

Telephone: +86 757 2991 7238
Facsimile: 0757-2633 6002
Email: irps@bgyfw.com

In 2025, the Investor Relations Department focused on the core objective of communication with domestic and overseas
stakeholders, and coordinated a series of activities including reverse roadshows, open days, offline summits and
frequent targeted communications. Through a multi-channel and comprehensive communication approach, we efficiently
conveyed the Company’s value and development achievements. All exchanges received positive feedback, continuously
consolidating and optimising market relationships. In 2025, the investor relations team participated in 17 summits
(as shown in the table below), engaging with hundreds of investment institutions, and actively conducted 3 reverse
roadshows and nearly 100 online communications with investors and analysts.

 No.    Month/Year            City               Event

 1      January 2025          Beijing            Morgan Stanley China BEST Conference
 2      January 2025          Shanghai           UBS Greater China Conference
 3      May 2025              Shenzhen           BofA China Conference
 4      May 2025              Shanghai           CITIC Shanghai Strategy Conference
 5      June 2025             Shanghai           Guotai Haitong Strategy Conference
 6      June 2025             Shanghai           Huatai Mid-Year Strategy Conference
 7      June 2025             Shanghai           CICC Strategy Conference
 8      June 2025             Shanghai           Sinolink Securities Mid-Year Strategy Conference
 9      June 2025             Hong Kong          Citi 2025 Asia Pacific Property Conference
 10     July 2025             Shenzhen           Soochow Securities Strategy Conference
 11     September 2025        Shenzhen           HSBC Conference
 12     September 2025        Hong Kong          CLSA 32nd Investors Forum
 13     September 2025        Shanghai           Caitong Securities Strategy Conference
 14     November 2025         Shenzhen           CITIC Strategy Conference
 15     November 2025         Shenzhen           Citi China Conference
 16     November 2025         Shenzhen           Guosheng Securities Strategy Conference
 17     November 2025         Beijing            CICC Strategy Conference




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025      63
     Corporate Governance Report


     General Meeting

     General meetings serve as a communication platform where the Board can maintain a face-to-face dialogue with the
     Shareholders and investors. Notice of general meetings together with the circular and other documents will be sent to the
     Shareholders at least 21 clear days and at least 14 clear day before the annual general meeting.

     The Company holds an annual general meeting every year and may hold a general meeting known as an extraordinary
     general meeting whenever necessary. The chairman of the respective Board committees, independent non-executive
     Directors, the Company Secretaries and other external professionals will be present at the general meetings timely to
     answer questions raised by the Shareholders and investors at the meeting.

     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     To safeguard the Shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions will be proposed at Shareholders’ meetings
     on each substantial issue, including the election of individual Directors, for Shareholders’ consideration and voting. The
     Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or put forward proposals at Shareholders’ meetings as
     follows:

     Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting at the Request of Shareholders

     The Board may whenever it thinks fit call an extraordinary general meeting. Any one or more Shareholder(s) holding on
     the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right
     of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or
     the Company Secretary, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of
     any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such
     requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s)
     himself/herself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as
     a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

     Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings by Shareholders

     According to the Cayman Islands Companies Act, there are no provisions on the procedures for putting forward
     proposals at general meetings by the Shareholders. According to the Articles of Association, there are no provisions on
     the procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings by the Shareholders, except for the proposal which
     may be put forward by the Shareholders at a general meeting for electing Directors to nominate individuals to participate
     in the election of Directors. The Shareholders who wish to put forward a resolution may request the Company to convene
     a general meeting following the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.




64   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report


Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board

The Company has established various and different communication channels with its Shareholders, which include
general meetings, annual and interim results, annual reports and interim reports, notices, announcements and circulars.
In addition, the Company updates its website from time to time to keep the Shareholders updated of the Company’s
recent development.

The Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing, the contact details of which
are contained on the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com).

For the avoidance of doubt, the Shareholder(s) must provide his/her/their full name(s), contact details and identifications
in the originally signed written requisition, notice or statement (as the case may be), in order to give effect thereto.
Information of the Shareholder(s) may be disclosed as required by law.

An up-to-date version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk). The Shareholders may refer to the Articles of Association for further details of
the rights of Shareholders.

All resolutions put forward at the general meetings shall be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and the Articles
of Association. The poll voting results will be posted on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and the Stock
Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) after each of general meetings.

PURPOSE, VALUES, STRATEGY AND CULTURE
The core purpose of the Company is to create value for its Shareholders. It strives to become the global leading pioneer
in the property management industry that is trusted by its consumers, and a place where its employee are proud to
work for. Its mission is to lead the development of the industry and set the industry benchmarks. In this connection,
it endeavors to maintain accountability to its employees, consumers, Shareholders, the society, and the environment.
These purpose and value shape the Company’s strategy, which are geared towards building a trusted and beloved
property management enterprise whereby values for the Shareholders are created.

The Company’s purpose, values, and strategy form the cornerstone of the Company’s corporate culture. Its corporate
culture is centered on adherence to high ethical standards and practices, and striving for sustainable development.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       65
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

     The Board is pleased to present the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
     December 2025.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holding company and a leading integrated service provider in the PRC covering diversified
     business forms. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged in property management services, community value-added
     services, value-added services to non-property owners, the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses,
     environmental business (the main business of the former city services business segment) and commercial operational
     services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 by principal activities is set out in
     note 6 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     RESULTS
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
     and other comprehensive income on page 111.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:

                                                                                                           Page No. of this
                                                               Section(s) in this Annual Report             Annual Report


      a.      Fair review of the Company’s business            Management Discussion and Analysis                  20 to 38
      b.      Description of the principal risks and           Management Discussion and Analysis                  20 to 38
              uncertainties facing the Company
      c.      Particulars of important events affecting the    Management Discussion and Analysis                       38
              Company that have occurred following the
              end of the year ended 31 December 2025
      d.      Indication of likely future development in the   Chairman’s Statement and Management             15 to 18 and
              Company’s business                               Discussion and Analysis                             20 to 38
      e.      Analysis using key financial performance         Financial Summary and Management                     19 and
              indicators                                       Discussion and Analysis                             20 to 38
      f.      Discussion on the Company’s environmental        The Company’s environmental policies and      Not applicable
              policies and performance                         performance are set out in the “Country
                                                               Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                               Environmental, Social and Governance
                                                               Report 2025” (a standalone report) which
                                                               will be published simultaneously with the
                                                               annual report of the Company
      g.      An account of the Company’s key                  Management Discussion and Analysis and          20 to 30 and
              relationships with its employees, customers      Report of the Directors                            66 to 105
              and suppliers and others that have a
              significant impact on the Company and on
              which the Company’s success depends
      h.      Discussion on the Company’s compliance           Corporate Governance Report and Report          46 to 65 and
              with the relevant laws and regulations that      of the Directors                                   66 to 105
              have a significant impact on the Company




66   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                           Report of the Directors



FINAL DIVIDEND AND SPECIAL DIVIDEND
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 27 March 2026 in relation to the Group’s annual results
for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Annual Results Announcement”). As mentioned in the Annual Results
Announcement, the Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB4.62 cents (2024: RMB13.52 cents per
Share) per Share and a special dividend of RMB41.80 cents (2024: RMB16.09 cents per Share) per Share for the year
ended 31 December 2025 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on
Thursday, 11 June 2026 (the “Eligible Shareholders”) as a token of appreciation to all Shareholders for their continuous
support to and trust in the Company.

If the total number of the issued Shares of the Company changes during the period from the date of the Annual
Results Announcement to Thursday, 11 June 2026 (i.e. the record date for determining the entitlements of the Eligible
Shareholders to the proposed final dividend and special dividend), the Board recommends an adjustment to the dividend
per Share accordingly, based on the principle that the total amount of the final dividend and special dividend should be
approximately equivalent to and not less than 60% of the core net profit* attributable to the owners of the Company for
the year ended 31 December 2025 (being approximately RMB1,511.4 million). Therefore, the final amounts of the final
dividend and/or special dividend per Share may be adjusted. Further announcement(s) will be made to disclose the
details of such adjustments.

The proposed final dividend and special dividend shall be declared in RMB and paid in HKD out of the Company’s
retained earnings. The final dividend and special dividend paid in HKD will be calculated based on the average middle
rate of RMB against HKD as announced by the People’s Bank of China from Friday, 5 June 2026 to Thursday, 11 June
2026. The Eligible Shareholders shall have the option to elect to receive such final dividend and special dividend wholly
in new Shares, partly in new Shares and partly in cash, or wholly in cash (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”). Such new
Shares will, upon issuance, rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Shares in issue on the date of allotment and
issuance of the new Shares, however, such new Shares will not be entitled to the proposed final dividend and special
dividend.

The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon passing of the resolutions regarding the payment of the final dividend and
special dividend at the annual general meeting, and the granting of listing of and permission to deal in the new Shares to
be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme by the Stock Exchange.

A circular containing full details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme together with the relevant form of election will be
despatched to the Eligible Shareholders in due course. It is expected that the final dividend warrants, special dividend
warrants and share certificates for the new Shares (if the Eligible Shareholders elect to receive part or all of their final
dividend and special dividend in new Shares) will be sent to the Eligible Shareholders on or around Friday, 21 August
2026 at the Shareholders’ own risk.

None of the shareholders has made any arrangement under which he/she waives or agrees to waive any dividends.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the issued Shares and the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December
2025 are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.



*     Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding share-based payment expenses, amortisation charges of intangible
      assets — contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions,
      impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities, gains or losses from disposal
      of subsidiaries, expected losses on external guarantee, impairment provision or reversal of receivables from related parties, gains or losses
      on fair value changes of contingent considerations related to performance guarantees and the impact of the related income tax expenses
      and non-controlling interests arising from the aforementioned adjustments.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025           67
     Report of the Directors



     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025 are
     set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     Details of the movements in intangible assets of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in note
     19 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     BORROWINGS
     Details of the borrowings of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in note 35 to the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     EQUITY LINKED AGREEMENT
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Scheme”, “Share Award Scheme” and the paragraphs of
     “Acquisition of Shares of Everjoy Services Company Limited” under the section headed “Disclosure Pursuant to
     Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules”, no equity linked agreements were entered into by the Company as at the end of or
     at any time during the year ended 31 December 2025.

     DONATIONS
     The total donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately
     RMB1,817,000 (2024: approximately RMB1,564,000).

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Connected Transaction and Continuing Connected Transactions”,
     “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
     of the Company and its Associated Corporations”, “Share Option Scheme” and “Share Award Scheme”, none
     of the Company, any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or holding companies was a party to any arrangements to
     enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company as at the
     end of or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2025.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As at 31 December 2025, the distributable reserves of the Company amounted to approximately RMB3,936,364,000
     (2024: approximately RMB3,897,167,000). Details of the movements in reserves of the Company during the year ended
     31 December 2025 are set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     DETAILS OF FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
     PURCHASING CAPITAL ASSETS OF THE GROUP AND THEIR EXPECTED
     SOURCES OF FUNDING IN THE COMING YEAR
     The Group will plan for material investments according to its strategic objectives and business requirements.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A financial summary of the Group is set out on page 19 of this annual report.




68   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                             Report of the Directors



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the percentage of purchases attributable to the five largest suppliers combined
of the Group, and the percentage of revenue from sales of goods or rendering of services attributable to the five largest
customers combined of the Group are both below 30%.

DIRECTORS’ AND SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SUPPLIERS AND
CUSTOMERS OF THE GROUP
As at 31 December 2025, Ms. Yang Huiyan, our ultimate controlling shareholder, the chairman of the Board and a non-
executive Director, owned a total of 101.68% interest in CGH, with a voting interest of 46.47%. The CGH Group is one of
the Group’s five largest customers.

Save as disclosed, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any direct or
indirect interests in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.

CHANGES OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS
Changes of information on Directors which are required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are set
out below.

Ms. Yang Huiyan, Chairman and Non-executive Director

During the Year, Ms. YANG Huiyan (“Ms. YANG”), the chairman and a non-executive Director of the Company, was
involved in the following regulatory matters: (1) in May 2025, as CG Holdings and its subsidiary Country Garden Real
Estate Group Co., Ltd. failed to timely disclose 2024 interim reports, each of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “SSE”)
and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the “SZSE”) made the decision to publicly reprimand Ms. YANG and other named
persons respectively, and recorded the decision in their integrity file database; (2) in November 2025, as Giant Leap
Construction Technology Group Co., Ltd. (騰越建築科技集團有限公司) (“Giant Leap Construction”, a subsidiary of CG
Holdings and an issuer of corporate bonds trading on the SSE) failed to timely disclose changes in corporate information,
significant litigation and being listed as a dishonest party, the Guangdong Securities Regulatory Bureau of the China
Securities Regulatory Commission took measures by issuing warning letter to Giant Leap Construction, as well as its then
chairman Ms. YANG and other named persons who were responsible to ensure Giant Leap Construction’s compliance
of its disclosure obligations.

As stated in the announcement of CG Holdings dated 21 May 2025 and 27 November 2025, respectively, the relevant
non-compliance was caused by (1) CG Holdings and its subsidiaries and (2) Giant Leap Construction respectively
due to objective reasons. Following inquiries with Ms. YANG and review of the relevant letters, the Board (except Ms.
YANG) believes that there is no reason to doubt the integrity and ability of Ms. YANG, and that it is appropriate for her to
continue serving as the chairman and a non-executive Director of the Company. Please refer to the announcements of
the Company dated 23 May 2025 and 1 December 2025 for further details.

In respect of the announcement dated 10 February 2026 of CG Holdings in relation to the matter that CG Holdings, the
executive director and chairman of CG Holdings, i.e. Ms. YANG, and other named persons recently received the “Decision
on Disciplinary Action” (the “Decision on Disciplinary Action”) issued by the SSE, due to the failure of CG Holdings
to timely disclose certain overdue debts of CG Holdings in accordance with the relevant bond listing rules of the SSE,
the SSE made the decision to impose self-regulatory measures on CG Holdings, Ms. YANG and other named persons
(collectively “Such Persons”) respectively, and issued a circulated criticism to CG Holdings and Such Persons and
recorded it in the integrity file database.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025       69
     Report of the Directors


     The Board has made enquiries with Ms. YANG in relation to the above matter and reviewed the Decision on Disciplinary
     Action. As stated in the announcement dated 10 February 2026 of CG Holdings, considering that the relevant non-
     compliance was caused by the failure of CG Holdings to disclose overdue debts in a timely manner due to objective
     factors and not due to the failure of the relevant individuals to discharge their duties, the Board (except Ms. YANG)
     believes that there is no reason to doubt the integrity and ability of Ms. YANG and that it is appropriate for her to
     continue serving as the chairman and a non-executive director of the Company. Please refer to the announcement of the
     Company dated 11 February 2026 for further details.

     Mr. Rui Meng, Independent Non-executive Director

     In May 2025, Mr. Rui acted as an independent director of the board of directors of Dongguan Tarry Electronics Co., Ltd. (東
     莞市達瑞電子股份有限公司) (a company listed on the SZSE (stock code: 300976)).

     In June 2025, Mr. Rui resigned as an independent non-executive director of the board of directors of Landsea Green
     Management Limited (朗詩綠色管理有限公司) (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
     106)).

     In December 2025, Mr. Rui resigned as an independent director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (博實樂教
     育控股有限公司), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU). The company subsequently
     withdrew from listing in December 2025.

     Mr. Chen Weiru, Independent Non-executive Director

     In April 2025, Mr. Chen resigned as an independent director of the board of directors of TAL Education Group (好未來教
     育集團), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: TAL).

     In June 2025, Mr. Chen resigned as an independent non-executive director of Vision Deal HK Acquisition Corp., a
     special purpose acquisition company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 7827). The company
     withdrew from listing in June 2025.

     In June 2025, Mr. Chen acted as an independent non-executive director of the board of directors of Sinopharm Group
     Co. Ltd. (國藥控股股份有限公司) (a joint stock company incorporated under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and
     whose H shares are listed and traded on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01099)).

     Mr. Zhao Jun, Independent Non-executive Director

     In December 2025, Mr. Zhao resigned as an independent director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (博實樂
     教育控股有限公司), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU). The company subsequently
     withdrew from listing in December 2025.

     In December 2025, Mr. Zhao resigned as an independent director of Gansu Jingang Solar Co. Ltd. (甘肅金剛光伏股份有
     限公司), a company listed on the SZSE (stock code: 300093).

     During the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, save as disclosed above, there is no
     other information that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




70   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                             Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)
Mr. Xiao Hua

Non-executive Director
Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Mei Wenjue
Mr. Rui Meng
Mr. Chen Weiru
Mr. Zhao Jun

In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, Mr. Xu Binhuai, Mr. Xiao Hua and Mr. Mei Wenjue shall be
subject to retirement by rotation and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the annual general meeting of the
Company to be held on Friday, 29 May 2026 (“2026 AGM”).

INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive
Directors to be independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE AGREEMENTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT
On 10 October 2023, Mr. Xu Binhuai entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years
commencing on 10 October 2023.

On 3 April 2024, Mr. Zhao Jun entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years
commencing on 3 April 2024.

Save as disclosed above, each of other executive Directors and non-executive Directors has entered into a service
agreement with the Company to renew his/her term of office, and each of other independent non-executive Directors has
renewed his letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing on 19 June 2024, which are
renewable and subject to termination under certain circumstances specified in the relevant service agreement and letter
of appointment.

There was no service agreement or letter of appointment between the Directors proposed to be re-elected at the
2026 AGM and the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025       71
     Report of the Directors



     DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
     OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Connected Transaction and Continuing Connected Transactions”, no
     other transaction, arrangement or contract that is significant in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or
     any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director still has or had, directly
     or indirectly, a material interest subsisted at any time during the year ended 31 December 2025.

     MATERIAL CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Connected Transaction and Continuing Connected Transactions”,
     there was no material contract entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and its controlling
     shareholders or any of its subsidiaries, and there was no material contract involving the provision of services by the
     controlling shareholders or any of its subsidiaries to the Company or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the year
     ended 31 December 2025.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contracts, other than the service contracts with the Directors and employment contracts, concerning the
     management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into
     or subsisted during the year ended 31 December 2025.

     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ASSOCIATES IN COMPETING
     BUSINESS
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or any of their respective associates (as defined in the
     Listing Rules) was considered to be interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or
     indirectly, with the business of the Group, which was required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
     On 29 May 2018, Ms. Yang Huiyan, the controlling shareholder of the Company, entered into the Deed of Non-
     competition in favour of the Company.

     Ms. Yang Huiyan has undertaken in the Deed of Non-competition that she will not, and will procure her close associates
     (as defined under the Listing Rules and excluding the CGH Group) not to directly or indirectly be involved in or undertake
     any business (other than the Group’s business) that directly or indirectly competes, or may compete, with the Company’s
     business, which includes providing property management services, community value-added services, value-added
     services to non-property owners, and other services forming an integrated service offering to the customers and covering
     the entire value chain of property management (collectively referred to as the “Restricted Activities”), or hold shares or
     interest in any companies or business that compete directly or indirectly with the business engaged by the Group from
     time to time except where the controlling shareholders and their close associates hold less than 5% of the total issued
     share capital of any company (whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange) which is
     engaged in any business that is or may be in competition with any business engaged by any member of the Group and
     they do not control 10% or more of the composition of the board of directors of such company.




72   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Report of the Directors


For details of the Deed of Non-competition stated above, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with our
Controlling Shareholders” in the prospectus of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

Ms. Yang Huiyan, the controlling shareholder of the Company, has provided the Company with a written confirmation
dated 18 March 2026, in which Ms. Yang Huiyan confirmed that, during the year ended 31 December 2025, she and her
close associates had fully complied with all terms and provisions of the Deed of Non-competition.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Articles of Association provide that every Director for the time being acting in relation to any of the affairs of the
Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all actions,
costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done,
concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices or trusts.
However, such indemnity does not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any of
the said persons.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company had taken out insurance for Directors and senior management
to provide appropriate protection for the Directors and senior management of the Company.

The permitted indemnity provision was in force during the year ended 31 December 2025 for the benefit of the Directors.

DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE
HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the emoluments of the Directors and senior management and those of the five highest paid individuals of
the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in note 42(a) and note 10(b) to the consolidated financial
statements of the Group. Details of the emoluments of senior management by band for the year ended 31 December
2025 are set out in section headed “Remuneration Committee” in the Corporate Governance Report in this annual
report.

The emoluments of individual Directors (including salaries and other benefits) are recommended by the Remuneration
Committee of the Company for the Board’s approval in accordance with the “Emolument Policy of Directors and Senior
Management” and having regard to the remuneration packages of comparable positions in similar companies, business
requirements, individual experience, the Directors’ performance and duties, etc.

RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements.

The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese Mainland and Southeast Asia are required to
participate in a defined contribution pension scheme operated by the local government authorities. These subsidiaries are
required to contribute a certain proportion of its payroll costs to the pension scheme. The only obligation of the Company
with respect to the pension scheme is to make the required contributions. No forfeited contribution under the pension
scheme is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as
they become payable in accordance with the rules of the pension scheme.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025       73
     Report of the Directors


     The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the Mandatory Provident Fund
     Scheme Ordinance (the “MPF Scheme”) for all employees in Hong Kong, which is a defined contribution retirement
     scheme. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution requirement of 5% of
     eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance
     with the rules of the MPF Scheme. No forfeited contribution under the MPF Scheme is available to reduce the
     contribution payable in future years. The assets of this pension scheme are held separately from those of the Group in
     independently administered funds. The MPF scheme of the Group has been onboarded to the “eMPF Platform”, with its
     administrative procedures standardized and regulated by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority (MPFA).

     CONNECTED TRANSACTION AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     Details of the connected transaction and continuing connected transactions that constitute non-exempt transactions
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are disclosed as follows.

     (1)   Connected Transaction

           Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used in this section shall have the same meanings as those
           defined in the announcement of the Company dated 6 May 2025.

           On 6 May 2025 (after trading hours), the Company (as the Lender) entered into the Loan Agreement with Concrete
           Win and Fortune Warrior (as the Borrowers), pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide revolving loan
           facilities in an aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (or HKD equivalent) to Concrete Win and Fortune
           Warrior.

           On 8 May 2025, the Company (as the Chargee) further entered into the Deed of Share Charge with Concrete Win
           and Fortune Warrior (as the Chargors) in respect of the Secured Assets, including a total of 543,695,233 Shares
           of the Company beneficially held by Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior, to secure the repayment and settlement
           of the principal and interest of the loan under the Loan Agreement and the Secured Debts. As at the date of this
           report, registration of the relevant share charge has been fully completed, and the Company has granted the loan
           above to the Borrowers.

           Since Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior are companies directly wholly-owned by Ms. Yang, a non-executive
           Director and a Substantial Shareholder of the Company, Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior are associates of Ms.
           Yang and thus connected persons of the Company. As such, the Loan constitutes provision of financial assistance
           by and a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           The Directors are of the view that although the Loan Agreement was not entered into and the Deed of Share
           Charge is not to be entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, the Loan Agreement
           was entered into and the Deed of Share Charge is to be entered into on normal commercial terms after arm’s
           length negotiations and taking into account, amongst other things, the prevailing market interest rates on
           borrowings, the loan to be on-lended to CG Holdings’ PRC subsidiaries for use in connection with matters
           relating to “guaranteed delivery of houses” and market practices, the terms of which are market-oriented, fair and
           reasonable, incorporated with various protective measures to effectively control risks, and in the interests of the
           Company and its shareholders as a whole.

           Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 6 May 2025 for further details.




74   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                           Report of the Directors


(2)   Continuing Connected Transactions

Continuing Connected Transactions with CGH

Since CGH is a majority-controlled company indirectly held by Ms. Yang Huiyan, the chairman of the Board, a non-
executive Director and the controlling shareholder of the Company, CGH, its subsidiary and their 30%-controlled
companies are associates of Ms. Yang Huiyan and thus connected persons of the Company. The transactions
contemplated between the Company and the CGH Group (which, for the purpose of this section headed “Continuing
Connected Transactions with CGH” only, includes 30%-controlled companies of CGH and its subsidiaries) therefore
constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

1.    Trademark Licencing Arrangement

      On 1 June 2018, a trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Company and Shunbi Property
      and a deed of trademark licencing was entered into between the Company and CGH (the “Trademark Licencing
      Arrangement”), pursuant to which Shunbi Property agreed to and CGH would procure Shunbi Property to
      irrevocably and unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use several trademarks registered
      in the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of the trademark licencing agreement
      and the deed of trademark licencing, which is subject to the renewal of the licenced trademarks, on a royalty-free
      basis. In view of the needs for business development of the Group, the Company entered into a supplementary
      agreement with Shunbi Property on 13 March 2020, pursuant to which both parties agreed to increase the
      categories of registered trademarks licenced for use for the “information on registered trademarks licenced”.

      The Directors considered that the Trademark Licencing Arrangement with a term of over three years can ensure
      the stability of our operations, and is beneficial to the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

      Shunbi Property, as the registered proprietor of the licenced trademarks, is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
      of CGH. CGH is an associate of Ms. Yang Huiyan, the chairman of the Board, a non-executive Director and a
      controlling shareholder of the Company, and therefore Shunbi Property is a connected person of the Company
      in accordance with the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement
      constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The
      transaction under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement was within the de minimus threshold provided under Rule
      14A.76 of the Listing Rules and was exempt from the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent
      Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details of the Trademark
      Licensing Arrangement, please refer to the section headed “Connected Transactions” of the listing document of
      the Company dated 6 June 2018.

2.    Property Management Services Framework Agreement

      On 29 December 2023, the Company entered into a property management services framework agreement (the
      “Property Management Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH. During the term of the said agreement,
      members of the Group may from time to time enter into individual agreements with members of the CGH Group.
      The services to be provided include property management services provided in respect of (i) the unsold property
      units that have been handed over and will be handed over by the CGH Group to the Group for management
      through statutory procedures during the term of such agreement and (ii) the sold property units that have not been
      delivered pursuant to the respective property purchase contracts for projects developed by the CGH Group, for a
      term of three years commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December 2026.

      The annual caps (excluding tax) for fees paid by the CGH Group to the Group under the Property Management
      Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ending 31 December 2026 are RMB440 million,
      RMB410 million and RMB370 million, respectively.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025      75
     Report of the Directors


          Since the incorporation of the Group, the Group has maintained business partnership with the CGH Group and
          provided property management services for the property owners of its property projects. The Group is a leading
          service provider in comprehensive property management in the PRC with diversified business focuses. The
          entry into of the Property Management Services Framework Agreement will help the Group to continue to obtain
          contracts for preliminary property management services for property projects developed by the CGH Group and
          provide satisfactory services to the property owners. The payment terms of the Property Management Services
          Framework Agreement are also conducive to the Group’s control over the scale of its receivables and management
          of financial resources.

          For details of the Property Management Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the
          Company dated 29 December 2023.

          During the year ended 31 December 2025, the total property management service fee payable by the CGH Group
          to the Group was approximately RMB232.64 million (of which approximately RMB95.13 million was recognized
          as revenue by the Company in accordance with the policy set out in note 6(c) to the consolidated financial
          statements), which did not exceed the cap of RMB410 million.

     3.   Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners

          On 29 December 2023, the Company entered into a non-property owner value-added services framework
          agreement (the “Non-property Owner Value-added Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH. In
          accordance with its principal terms, members of the Group may from time to time enter into individual agreements
          with members of the CGH Group to provide the CGH Group with the following services (the “Value-added
          Services to Non-Property Owners”) for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December
          2026:

          (a)    Consultancy services including (i) advice and assistance on the setting up and operation of the on-site sales
                 offices of the CGH Group, such as decoration of the venue, physical set-up of booths and exhibitions,
                 greenery, cleaning and maintenance of water and electricity supplies of the sales offices; (ii) provision of
                 guidance and training to the staff of the CGH Group on the operations of the on-site sales offices, including
                 the manners for general reception of guests, the provision of light refreshments, maintenance of a decent
                 and proper interior of the sales offices for guests, management of show flats, property handover, handover
                 inspection; (iii) cleaning services for the properties developed by the CGH Group before delivery to property
                 owners; (iv) asset operations management services; and (v) engineering services, including but not limited to
                 inspection service to developer and individual owner, and housing maintenance service;

          (b)    Sales and leasing agency services including marketing planning programs for the leasing and sales for
                 the houses or parking spaces of the CGH Group, leasing, sales, agency services for property ownership
                 certificates, monitoring and management of the leasing and sales back office;

          (c)    Advertising services (which comprise installation, maintenance and dismantling services) in relation to
                 advertisements to be displayed at certain advertising spaces located in the common areas of the property
                 projects managed by the Group;

          (d)    Elevators Installation Services including elevator products installation and supporting services; and

          (e)    Other services including technology services, after-sales maintenance and warranty services for houses and
                 buildings, disinfection and pest control services, home decoration agency services and other services.

          The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions contemplated under the Non-property Owner Value-added
          Services Framework Agreement for the three years ending 31 December 2026 are RMB340 million, RMB250
          million and RMB220 million, respectively.




76   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Report of the Directors


     The Group is a leading service provider in comprehensive property management in the PRC with diversified
     business focuses. The Group has been providing similar services contemplated under the Non-property Owner
     Value-added Services Framework Agreement to the CGH Group. The payment terms of the Non-property Owner
     Value-added Services Framework Agreement are also conducive to the Group’s control over the scale of its
     receivables and management of financial resources. The Group will also strictly control the business scale and
     strengthen recovery of payments in accordance with the principle of prudence.

     For details of the Non-property Owner Value-added Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023.

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the total non-property owner value-added services fee payable by
     the CGH Group to the Group was approximately RMB233.19 million (of which approximately RMB223.34 million
     was recognized as revenue by the Company in accordance with the policy set out in note 6(c) to the consolidated
     financial statements), which did not exceed the cap of RMB250 million.

4.   Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement

     On 29 December 2023, the Company entered into a hotel, engineering and transportation services framework
     agreement (the “Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH. During
     the term of the said agreement, members of the Group may from time to time enter into individual agreements with
     members of the CGH Group for the provision of hotel services, engineering and transportation services by the CGH
     Group in accordance with the principal terms of the Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework
     Agreement. Under these agreements, the services provided by the CGH Group to the Group include hotel
     accommodation, maintenance on the public facilities (including engineering services such as upgrading and routine
     maintenance of facilities and equipment, repair and renovation of civil engineering works), shuttle-bus transportation
     services and other services (the “Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services”), for a term of three years
     commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December 2026.

     The annual caps (excluding tax) for fees paid by the Group to the CGH Group under the Hotel, Engineering and
     Transportation Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ending 31 December 2026 are RMB45
     million, RMB45 million and RMB45 million, respectively.

     The Company was of the view that the entering into of the Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services
     Framework Agreement would help raise the Group’s service quality and enhance the brand of the Group, and is in
     conformity with the Group’s strategic development needs.

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the total amount for the hotel, engineering and transportation services
     paid by the Group to the CGH Group was approximately RMB44.56 million, which did not exceed the cap of
     RMB45 million.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       77
     Report of the Directors



     REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     BY INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing
     connected transactions of the Group and confirmed that the continuing connected transactions have been entered into:

     (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     (2)   on normal commercial terms or better or, if there were insufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they
           were on normal commercial terms or better, on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or
           from independent third parties; and

     (3)   according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
           the Shareholders as a whole.

     REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     BY AUDITOR
     Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s external auditor, Deloitte, was engaged to report on the
     Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
     (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”. The auditor has
     issued an unqualified letter to the Board containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the disclosed continuing
     connected transactions as follows:

     (1)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
           transactions have not been approved by the Board of the Company;

     (2)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that
           causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
           pricing policies of the Group;

     (3)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all
           material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

     (4)   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
           attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the
           annual cap set by the Company.

     OTHERS
     The continuing connected transactions disclosed above constitute related party transactions under the Hong Kong
     Financial Reporting Standards. A summary of significant related party transactions conducted during the year ended
     31 December 2025 is disclosed in note 40 “Related party transactions” to the financial statements. These related
     party transactions include the continuing connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules,
     and relevant disclosures as required by the Listing Rules are set out in this section. The disclosed amounts of these
     related party transactions contain certain incomes/expenses which are exempt from the announcement and reporting
     requirements as they are less than the minimum as required by Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.

     The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules in relation to the aforementioned continuing connected transactions.




78   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Report of the Directors



DISCLOSURES PURSUANT TO RULE 14.36B OF THE LISTING RULES
1.   Discloseable transaction in relation to acquisition of 100% equity interest in City-Media

     On 30 July 2020, CG Life Services entered into an equity transfer agreement (the “Equity Transfer Agreement”)
     with the original shareholders (the “Original City-Media Shareholders”, as defined in the announcement of
     the Company dated 30 July 2020) of City-Media, Zhoushan Maofenghe Equity Investment Partnership (Limited
     Partnership) (“Zhoushan Maofeng”) (as the “First Vendor”), Zhoushan Bairuitong Equity Investment Partnership
     (Limited Partnership) and City-Media, pursuant to which CG Life Services acquired a total of 100% equity interest in
     City-Media. For details of the acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30 July 2020 (the
     “City-Media Announcement”).

     Acquisition of the First Phase Target Shares

     CG Life Services agreed to acquire 65% equity interests of City-Media held by the First Vendor (the “First Phase
     Target Shares”). The Original City-Media Shareholders and Zhoushan Maofeng undertook that, during the years
     of 2020, 2021 and 2022 (the “Valuation Adjustment Period”), the accumulated audited principal business
     income (the “Principal Business Income”) and the accumulated audited net profit which is attributable to the
     shareholders of City-Media after deducting the non-recurring profit or loss (the “Net Profit After NRI”) of City-
     Media shall meet the minimum performance targets for the relevant years as follows:

                                          Principal Business Income                        Net Profit After NRI
                                                              The guaranteed                               The guaranteed
                                                            minimum amount                               minimum amount
                                      The guaranteed      of the accumulated                           of the accumulated
                                     minimum amount        Principal Business   The guaranteed         Net Profit After NRI
                                       of the Principal Income for the year(s) minimum amount                for the year(s)
                                     Business Income during the Valuation of the Net Profit After     during the Valuation
                                           for the year    Adjustment Period    NRI for the year        Adjustment Period
     Year of performance                  (RMB million)         (RMB million)      (RMB million)              (RMB million)

      2020                                      375.85                  375.85                75.01                  75.01
      2021                                      468.46                  844.31               110.45                 185.46
      2022                                      473.46                1,317.77               114.08                 299.54

     For the fulfilment of the relevant performance guarantee for 2020 and 2021 by City-Media, please refer to the
     Company’s annual reports for 2020 and 2021. The Group has made payments for the fourth and fifth installments
     of the consideration to the First Vendor under the relevant agreement.

     In the event of fulfilment of the aforementioned performance guarantee by City-Media for 2022, CG Life Services
     should pay the sixth instalment of the consideration of RMB76.79 million to the First Vendor within 10 working days
     after the date of confirmation of its audited results or after the date on which the collection rate of the accumulated
     Principal Business Income (tax inclusive) of City-Media during the Valuation Adjustment Period is not less than 85%
     (including monetary fund collection and receipt of bank acceptance draft) (whichever is later).

     Acquisition of the Second Phase Target Shares

     Depending on the fulfillment of the aforementioned performance guarantee, CG Life Services may acquire the
     remaining 35% of the Target Shares (the “Second Phase Target Shares”) from Zhoushan Bairuitong Equity
     Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (the “Second Vendor”), such that City-Media will become a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of CG Life Services. The specific arrangements are any of the following circumstances: (i) in
     which CG Life Services has the obligation to acquire the Second Phase Target Shares; and (ii) in which CG Life
     Services has no obligation but has the right to acquire the Second Phase Target Shares.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025       79
     Report of the Directors


          Performance compensation

          Following the conclusion of the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the accumulated Principal Business Income of City-
          Media during the Valuation Adjustment Period is less than RMB1,317.77 million, or the accumulated Net Profit After
          NRI is less than RMB299.54 million, then the First Vendor shall compensate CG Life Services, and the calculation
          of the corresponding compensation amount (the “Performance Compensation Amount”) is as follows:

                 (RMB1,317.77 million – I)
          (A)                                  × RMB511.94 million; or
                   RMB1,317.77 million

                  (RMB299.54 million – P)
          (B)                                  × RMB511.94 million,
                    RMB299.54 million

          I      = The accumulated actual Principal Business Income during the Valuation Adjustment Period

          P      = The accumulated actual Net Profit After NRI during the Valuation Adjustment Period

          whichever is higher, but not more than RMB511.94 million.

          If the amount of the fourth and/or the fifth and/or the sixth instalments of the consideration for the First Phase
          Target Shares which CG Life Services has not yet paid (the “Unpaid Consideration”) is:

          (1)    larger or equal to the Performance Compensation Amount, then CG Life Services shall pay to the First Vendor
                 the balance of the Unpaid Consideration after deducting the Performance Compensation Amount; or

          (2)    less than the Performance Compensation Amount, then the First Vendor shall pay cash to CG Life Services to
                 make up for the difference between the Performance Compensation Amount and the Unpaid Consideration.

          Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee

          Except where the general manager appointed by the Second Vendor voluntarily resigns or offers to cease to serve
          as the general manager, in the event that CG Life Services deprives the general manager appointed by the Second
          Vendor of daily operation and management rights or remove such general manager which results in the Second
          Vendor unable to assign a general manager, then the aforementioned performance guarantee shall be deemed
          to be fulfilled in full (“Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee”), unless it is due to the discovery by CG
          Life Services that the person appointed by the Second Vendor violates the standard of conduct for directors,
          supervisors and senior management.

          In a certain year, in the event of Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee of such year and/or subsequent
          years, CG Life Services shall, within 10 working days after the occurrence of such a situation, pay the consideration
          of the First Phase Target Shares for the corresponding instalments for such year and/or subsequent years.

          As at the date of this report, the vendors and the management of the Company still have disputes on, among
          other things, matters such as recognition of certain revenue and whether certain account receivables should
          be separately tested for impairment for the purpose of making provision for bad debts of City-Media under the
          terms of the Equity Transfer Agreement. Consequently, the third-party auditor appointed by the Group has not
          yet issued the audit report for City-Media for 2022, and the parties have not reached a consensus on whether
          City-Media has fulfilled the aforementioned performance guarantee for 2022. To actively safeguard the interests
          of the Company and its shareholders, the Company is currently resolving the disputes through legal proceedings.
          Therefore, the Company has not yet paid the sixth installment of the consideration (as mentioned in the City-Media
          Announcement) and the acquisition of the Second Phase Target Shares has also not yet proceeded, and the
          First Vendor has not yet paid the Performance Compensation Amount. The Company will make disclosure as
          appropriate in compliance with the requirement of relevant provisions of the Listing Rules (including Rule 14.36B)
          after confirming the fulfillment of the performance guarantee, or after completion of the acquisition of the Second
          Phase Target Shares (if applicable).


80   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Report of the Directors


2.   Discloseable transaction in relation to acquisition of 70% equity interest in Manguo

     On 14 October 2020, CG Property Services HK and CG Life Services (as the purchasers) entered into an equity
     transfer agreement with the vendors (being BLP Capital Limited, Huzhou Yuxin Enterprise Management Partnership
     (Limited Partnership), Huzhou Ruilong Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) and Huzhou
     Changxin Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (formerly known as Huzhou Yixin Enterprise
     Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) and subsequently known as Taizhou Yixin Enterprise Management
     Partnership (Limited Partnership)), Fan Manguo (“Mr. Fan”) and Manguo (formerly known as Shandong Manguo
     Kangjie Environmental Sanitation Group Co., Ltd.), in relation to the acquisition of 70% equity interest in Manguo (the
     “Manguo Target Shares”). For details of the acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
     14 October 2020.

     Valuation Adjustment Amount

     The vendors and Mr. Fan undertook that, during the years of 2021, 2022 and 2023 (the “Valuation Adjustment
     Period”), the accumulated Operating Revenue and the accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Manguo shall meet the
     minimum performance requirements for the relevant year(s) as follows:

                                              Operating Revenue                           Net Profit After NRI
                                                             The guaranteed                                The guaranteed
                                                           minimum amount                                minimum amount
                                                         of the accumulated                            of the accumulated
                                      The guaranteed     Operating Revenue        The guaranteed       Net Profit After NRI
                                     minimum amount            for the year(s)  minimum amount               for the year(s)
                                      of the Operating during the Valuation of the Net Profit After during the Valuation
      Year of performance         Revenue for the year    Adjustment Period       NRI for the year      Adjustment Period


      2021                                       1.22X                  1.22X                  1.20Y                  1.20Y
      2022                                       1.49X                  2.71X                  1.44Y                  2.64Y
      2023                                       1.82X                  4.53X                  1.73Y                  4.37Y

     In the paragraph headed “– Valuation Adjustment Amount” in the table above and below:

     (1)     X represents the Operating Revenue of Manguo in 2020, which shall not exceed RMB2,400.00 million.

     (2)     Y represents the Net Profit After NRI of Manguo in 2020, which shall not exceed RMB220.00 million.

     During the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the guaranteed minimum amount of any year listed in the above table
     is not fulfilled during that year, the vendors and Mr. Fan are not required to pay the valuation adjustment amount
     to the purchasers. However, following the conclusion of the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the aforementioned
     performance guarantee is not fulfilled (i.e. the accumulated Operating Revenue of Manguo is less than 4.53X or
     its accumulated Net Profit After NRI is less than 4.37Y), the vendors and Mr. Fan shall jointly and severally pay
     the purchasers the valuation adjustment amount within 10 working days following the conclusion of the Valuation
     Adjustment Period.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025      81
     Report of the Directors


          As at the date of this report, due to (i) the ongoing military conflicts between Pakistan and India have adversely
          affected the progress of the audit of overseas businesses of Manguo Kangjie; and (ii) during the audit and
          review processes conducted by the auditors and the Group’s internal risk control audit team, there remains
          disputes between the vendors and management of the Company regarding the recognition of revenue from non-
          government contracts and revenue from certain overseas contracts. In an attempt to resolve the disputes, the
          Company is actively negotiating with the vendors and exploring engagement of an independent third party under
          compliance approach to conduct a specific audit for confirmation of the disputed revenue. As such, the audit of
          the aforementioned performance guarantee for Manguo for the year ended 31 December 2023, the year ended 31
          December 2022 and the year ended 31 December 2021 has not yet been completed.

          The Company will closely monitor the aforementioned performance guarantee and make disclosure as appropriate
          after obtaining the relevant audit opinions in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

     3.   Acquisition of Entire Equity Interest in Wealth Best Global

          On 20 September 2021, CG Property Services HK entered into an equity transfer agreement with R&F Property
          Services Group Company Limited (“R&F Property”) to acquire 100% equity interest in Wealth Best Global
          Limited (“Wealth Best Global”) at a consideration of no more than RMB10 billion. For details, please refer to the
          announcements of the Company dated 20 September 2021 and 12 October 2021.

          Phase 1 – Third Instalment of Consideration

          R&F Property has undertaken that the audited net profit after NRI and accounting revenue of Wealth Best Global
          for 2021 shall not be less than RMB500 million and RMB4.2 billion, respectively, and its areas under management
          and total contracted areas as at 31 December 2021 shall not be less than 86 million sq. m. and 127 million sq. m.,
          respectively.

          Consideration Adjustment

          If the financial data of Wealth Best Global in 2021 fails to meet any financial indicator specified in the
          aforementioned performance guarantee, the phase 1 consideration shall be reduced in accordance with the
          following formulas:

          (1)    If the audited net profit after NRI for 2021 is less than RMB500 million, the phase 1 consideration shall be
                 reduced pro-rata to the difference between RMB500 million and the actual audited net profit after NRI.

          (2)    If the accounting revenue for 2021 is less than RMB4.2 billion, the phase 1 consideration shall be reduced
                 pro-rata to the difference between RMB4.2 billion and the actual accounting revenue for 2021.

          (3)    If the total areas under management as at 31 December 2021 is less than 86 million sq. m., the phase 1
                 consideration shall be reduced pro-rata to the difference between 86 million sq. m. and the actual total areas
                 under management as at 31 December 2021.

          (4)    If the total contracted areas as at 31 December 2021 are less than 127 million sq. m., the phase 1
                 consideration shall be reduced pro-rata to the difference between 127 million sq. m. and the actual total
                 contracted areas as at 31 December 2021.

          If Wealth Best Global fails to meet more than one financial indicator agreed in the aforementioned performance
          guarantee, the reduction amount shall be the highest of those calculated in accordance with the formulas above.
          The reduction amount (if any) shall be deducted by CG Property Services HK from the phase 2 consideration.




82   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Report of the Directors


As disputes persist among the parties regarding the provision ratio for bad debts, the audit work related to the
aforementioned performance guarantee of Wealth Best Global for the year ended 31 December 2021 has not yet
been completed. Therefore, it is not yet known whether the financial data of Wealth Best Global in 2021 has met
any financial indicators specified in the aforementioned performance guarantee, and it has not been confirmed
whether the phase 1 consideration needs to be correspondingly reduced.

The Company will continue to closely monitor the above situation and, upon obtaining the relevant audit opinions,
make disclosure as appropriate in accordance with the requirements of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

Phase 2 – Fourth Instalment of Consideration (the “Fourth Instalment of Consideration”)

In addition to the areas under management of 86 million sq. m. agreed to be delivered under the performance
guarantee for 2021, R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties (as defined in the Company’s
announcement dated 20 September 2021) shall deliver areas under management (the “Delivered GFA under
Management”) of 66 million sq. m. to Wealth Best Global or other entities designated by CG Property Services
HK for a total consideration of RMB3 billion. The Fourth Instalment of Consideration shall be payable in instalments
after CG Property Services HK has paid the third instalment of consideration. The parties shall conduct inventory
taking on a monthly basis to determine the part of the Fourth Instalment of Consideration payable in the month
according to the monthly inventory taking results.

                                                            Areas delivered in            RMB3 billion
            Consideration payable for each month       =                         ×
                                                                the month              66 million sq. m.

The contracted unit price of the areas under management transferred to CG Property Services HK shall meet the
following requirements:

(1)   for residential properties, it shall be not lower than the average local market unit price for the properties within
      the same business type category and in the same area in principle; and

(2)   for commercial properties, if the R&F Property Related Parties own local projects within the same business
      type category in the same area, it shall be determined with reference to the average market unit price for the
      projects of the R&F Property Related Parties. If there is no local project owned by the R&F Property Related
      Parties within the same business category, it shall be not lower than the average market unit price for the
      projects within the same business type category in the same area.

The part of the Fourth Instalment of Consideration payable by CG Property Services HK for a month shall be
utilized first to offset the Balance with Related Parties (as defined below) as stated in the section headed “Handling
of balance with related parties” below.

Handling of balance with related parties

The amount due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties (the
“Balance with Related Parties”) not exceeding RMB610 million shall be offsetted with the Fourth Instalment of
Consideration until the consideration in excess of the limited of the Balance with Related Parties is paid after being
fully settled through offsetting.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025        83
     Report of the Directors


          If the aforesaid amount of RMB610 million due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F
          Property Related Parties has not been fully settled through offsetting as at 30 June 2024, R&F Property shall
          make up for the shortfall within 20 statutory working days in the PRC following the determination of the amount
          outstanding. For the excess of the amount due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F
          Property Related Parties over such RMB610 million, CG Property Services HK has the right to either offset such
          amount with each instalment of the consideration or request R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties to
          pay such amount.

          As at the date of this report, the parties are in the process of verifying and confirming the delivered areas. However,
          due to the disputes among the parties regarding matters related to the completion inspection conditions for the
          relevant residential or commercial projects (for example, some units have been delivered to owners without having
          completed the completion inspection procedures, and the parties are discussing whether such units should
          be counted in the delivered areas), the parties have not yet confirmed the amount of the Fourth Instalment of
          Consideration calculated based on the Delivered GFA under Management as of 30 June 2024 that can be offset
          against Balance with Related Parties.

          Furthermore, the parties were still in dispute over the impairment of the trade receivables owed by R&F Property
          and the R&F Property Related Parties to the Wealth Best Global Group, CG Property Services HK and R&F
          Property have not yet reached a consensus on relevant matters and conclusions of the aforementioned
          performance guarantee. As such, the audit of the aforementioned performance guarantee for Wealth Best Global
          for the year ended 31 December 2021 has not yet been completed.

          Currently, despite the aforesaid unconfirmed matters, the parties are actively liaising and negotiating solutions.
          These include, but not limited to, (i) continuing to implement measures of debt-for-equity to reduce the amount
          of Balance with Related Parties; (ii) discussing the solutions for the recovery of Balance with Related Parties; (iii)
          negotiating the terms of possible supplemental agreement to the equity transfer agreement to resolve existing
          disputes; and (iv) negotiating other subsequent business cooperation arrangements. Meanwhile, the Company will
          also continue to closely monitor the audit of the aforementioned performance guarantee and make disclosure as
          appropriate in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules after obtaining the relevant audit
          opinions.

     4.   Acquisition of Shares of Everjoy Services Company Limited

          On 11 February 2022, CG Property Services HK entered into a binding equity purchase agreement (the “Original
          Majority Equity Purchase Agreement”) with Chuangchen International Co., Ltd. (創辰國際有限公司),
          Chuangzhuo International Co., Ltd. (創卓國際有限公司), Chuangyuan International Co., Ltd. (創沅國際有限公司),
          Tycoon Ample Limited (亨盛有限公司) and Mr. Yang Jian (楊劍) (collectively, the “Majority Vendors”), and entered
          into a binding equity purchase agreement (the “Original Minority Equity Purchase Agreement”) (together with
          the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement, the “Agreements”) with Chuangzhi International Co., Ltd. (創志
          國際有限公司), Chuangtong International Co., Ltd. (創同國際有限公司), Mr. Li Jiacheng (李家城) and Mr. Ma Fei (馬
          飛) (collectively, the “Minority Vendors”) (together with the Majority Vendors, the “Vendors”), pursuant to which
          CG Property Services HK agreed to acquire a total of approximately 93.76% equity interest in Everjoy Services
          Company Limited. (“Everjoy Services”) at a total consideration of no more than approximately RMB3,129 million
          in cash (the “Acquisition”). The terms of the Agreements were determined after arm’s length negotiations between
          the parties.




84   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                      Report of the Directors


On 29 March 2022, the Company, CG Property Services HK and the relevant Vendors entered into the Majority
First Supplemental Agreement and the Minority First Supplemental Agreement, respectively, to amend the
arrangements for payment of the consideration under the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement and the
Original Minority Equity Purchase Agreement (including the change of payment method for part of the consideration
to payment through issuing consideration shares), the performance guarantees and the contractual arrangements
for relevant matters. Pursuant to the amended Agreements, the maximum number of the consideration shares to
be issued is 45,983,980 Shares.

On 29 March 2022, CG Property Services HK entered into the Majority Second Supplemental Agreement and the
Minority Second Supplemental Agreement with the relevant Vendors and Shanghai Zhongchengyun City Operation
Management Co., Ltd (formerly known as Shanghai Zhongchengyun City Construction Services Co. Ltd., a related
party of the Majority Vendors), respectively, to amend the scope of the projects for which Everjoy Services and
its subsidiaries has entered into contracts and which have not been taken over yet as at 31 December 2021,
including the part of the projects to be delivered in phases for which contracts have been entered into but which
are not taken over yet (the “Projects In Transit”) and the Injected Projects (as defined under the Agreements and
collectively, the “Projects”), the rectification of the Projects, the reorganization arrangements of Everjoy Services
and its subsidiaries, the handling of related party transactions and accounts and the contractual arrangements
for relevant matters under the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement, the Original Minority Equity Purchase
Agreement, the Majority First Supplemental Agreement and the Minority First Supplemental Agreement.

Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 14 February 2022, 29 March 2022 and 20 May 2022 for
details.

I.   Payment Conditions

                                      Business or asset                Consideration receivable                 Consideration receivable
                                      of the Target Group              by the Majority Vendors and              by the Minority Vendors
                                      corresponding to the             its payment method                       and its payment method
                                      consideration                    (RMB)                                    (RMB)


       Second part of consideration   Non-property owners value-added No more than 45 million payable in        None
                                      business under management       cash in 10 annual installments

       Third part of consideration    Projects In Transit              No more than 640.80 million payable      No more than 79. 20 million payable
                                                                       in cash according to project delivery    through the consideration shares in
                                                                       progress                                 equivalent value (the “Minority PIT
                                                                                                                Consideration Shares”) according
                                                                                                                to project delivery progress

       Fifth part of consideration    Injected Projects                No more than approximately               None
                                                                       1,571.44 million payable through the
                                                                       consideration shares in equivalent
                                                                       value (the “Majority Consideration
                                                                       Shares”) according to project delivery
                                                                       progress




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025             85
     Report of the Directors


                 Second part of consideration

                 The second part of consideration shall be paid in ten installments corresponding to the ten financial years
                 from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2031, with each installment of RMB4.5 million.

                 If both of the revenue and gross profit margin of the non-property owners value-added business under
                 management for the above relevant financial years remain to reach the prescribed benchmarks (being
                 RMB150 million and 15%, respectively), CG Property Services HK shall pay the corresponding installment
                 of consideration to the Majority Vendors after the annual audit is competed. If any indicator for any financial
                 year fails to meet the prescribed benchmarks, CG Property Services HK shall have the right to not pay the
                 corresponding installment of consideration and to deduct it from the total consideration.

                 As the management of Everjoy Services and the Majority Vendors failed to reach the prescribed benchmarks
                 in respect of the revenue of the non-property owners value-added business under management of Everjoy
                 Services for the year 2024, CG Property Services HK was not required to pay the consideration of RMB4.5
                 million for the period in respect of the non-property owners value-added business under management for the
                 year 2024.

                 As the management of Everjoy Services and the Majority Vendors are still verifying the relevant data
                 regarding whether the revenue and gross profit margin of the non-property owners value-added business
                 under management of Everjoy Services for the year 2025 reach the prescribed benchmarks, the payment of
                 RMB4.5 million by CG Property Services HK for the current period has yet to be confirmed. The Company will
                 closely monitor the above situation and make disclosure as appropriate in compliance with the requirement of
                 Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

                 Third part of consideration

                 The third part of consideration shall be paid in stages according to the delivery progress of the Projects In
                 Transit.

                 Following the end of each half-year period since 1 January 2022, the parties shall review the Projects In
                 Transit delivered during such half-year period.

                 Within 10 working days following completion of each biannual review, CG Property Services HK shall
                 pay the corresponding cash consideration and issue the Minority PIT Consideration Shares in equivalent
                 corresponding value based on the saturated revenue of the Projects In Transit delivered during such period
                 and the agreed formula. As at the date of this report, due to the impact of the downturn in the domestic real
                 estate market, the management of Everjoy Services expects that the timeframe for the Projects In Transit
                 to be delivered to Everjoy Services will be extended from full delivery by 30 June 2024 to full delivery being
                 expected to be completed by 30 June 2026. In addition, CG Property Services HK may deduct outstanding
                 non-property owners value-added services fees payables, various expense resulting from termination
                 of contracts and expenses advanced and losses incurred by Everjoy Services from the third part of
                 consideration and outstanding consideration payable directly.




86   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                 Report of the Directors


The following table summarises the Company’s payment of the third part of consideration to the Majority
Vendors and Minority Vendors, respectively, under the terms of the equity purchase agreements, following
the review by relevant parties of the Projects In Transit delivered during relevant half-year periods from 1
January 2022 to 31 December 2025:

                       Consideration paid to the
 Period                Majority Vendors                 Consideration paid to the Minority Vendors


 From January 2022     Approximately RMB65.69 million   Some of the Minority Vendors have been paid by
 to December 2022      paid in cash                     consideration shares at an agreed issue price per share
                                                        under the equity purchase agreements of approximately
                                                        RMB4.8054 million

                                                        Due to existing litigation disputes or overdue payments in
                                                        respect of the payment of the third part of consideration
                                                        between the Company and the remaining Minority
                                                        Vendors, the Company has, after reaching a settlement to
                                                        conclusion of the litigation between the Company and the
                                                        Minority Vendors, paid approximately RMB4.4760 million
                                                        in cash (inclusive of the consideration of the Projects In
                                                        Transit delivered, legal fees, litigation costs and liquidated
                                                        damages incurred in connection with the litigation) to the
                                                        Minority Vendors in accordance with the terms of the equity
                                                        purchase agreements

 From January 2023     Approximately RMB64.34 million   The relevant Minority Vendors have been paid by
 to June 2023          paid in cash                     consideration shares at an agreed issue price per share
                                                        under the equity purchase agreements of approximately
                                                        RMB4.2723 million

                                                        Due to existing litigation disputes or overdue payments in
                                                        respect of the payment of the third part of consideration
                                                        between the Company and the remaining Minority Vendors,
                                                        the Company has, after reaching a settlement to conclusion
                                                        of the litigation between the Company and the Minority
                                                        Vendors, paid approximately RMB3.8893 million in cash
                                                        (inclusive of the consideration of the Projects In Transit
                                                        delivered and liquidated damages) to the Minority Vendors
                                                        in accordance with the terms of the equity purchase
                                                        agreements, and confirmed that there are no other
                                                        outstanding payments




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         87
     Report of the Directors



                                         Consideration paid to the
                  Period                 Majority Vendors                   Consideration paid to the Minority Vendors


                  From July 2023         Approximately RMB61.4593 million   The relevant Minority Vendors have been paid by
                  to December 2023       paid in cash                       consideration shares at an agreed issue price per share
                                                                            under the equity purchase agreements of approximately
                                                                            RMB4.0812 million

                                                                            Due to existing litigation disputes or overdue payments in
                                                                            respect of the payment of the third part of consideration
                                                                            between the Company and the remaining Minority Vendors,
                                                                            the Company has, after reaching a settlement to conclusion
                                                                            of the litigation between the Company and the Minority
                                                                            Vendors, paid approximately RMB7.2264 million in cash
                                                                            (inclusive of the consideration of the Projects In Transit
                                                                            delivered and liquidated damages) to the Minority Vendors
                                                                            in accordance with the terms of the equity purchase
                                                                            agreements

                  From January 2024      Approximately RMB18.7761 million   The relevant Minority Vendors have been paid by
                  to June 2024           paid in cash                       consideration shares at an agreed issue price per share
                                                                            under the equity purchase agreements of approximately
                                                                            RMB1.7570 million

                                                                            Due to existing litigation disputes or overdue payments in
                                                                            respect of the payment of the third part of consideration
                                                                            between the Company and the remaining Minority Vendors,
                                                                            the Company has, after reaching a settlement to conclusion
                                                                            of the litigation between the Company and the Minority
                                                                            Vendors, paid approximately RMB1.6333 million in cash to
                                                                            the Minority Vendors in accordance with the terms of the
                                                                            equity purchase agreements

                  From July 2024         Approximately RMB32.9934 million   Minority Vendors have been paid by consideration shares at
                  to December 2024       paid in cash                       an agreed issue price per share under the equity purchase
                                                                            agreements of approximately RMB1.3933 million

                                                                            Save as disclosed above, the Company is currently
                                                                            discussing with the Minority Vendors regarding the
                                                                            outstanding balance. The specific amount shall be subject
                                                                            to final discussion and payment




88   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Report of the Directors



                           Consideration paid to the
    Period                 Majority Vendors                        Consideration paid to the Minority Vendors


    From January 2025      Cash payment has not been fully         Minority Vendors have been paid by consideration shares at
    to June 2025           made as the Company and the             an agreed issue price per share under the equity purchase
                           Majority Vendors are confirming the     agreements of approximately RMB89,600
                           saturated revenue of Projects In
                           Transit delivered and the amounts       Save as disclosed above, the Company is currently
                           due from related parties of the         discussing with the Minority Vendors regarding the
                           Majority Vendors. The Company           outstanding balance. The specific amount shall be subject
                           is discussing with the Majority         to final discussion and payment
                           Vendors regarding the outstanding
                           balance, and the specific amount
                           is subject to final discussion and
                           payment.

    From July 2025 to      As no Projects In Transit were          As no Projects In Transit were delivered to Everjoy Services
    December 2025          delivered to Everjoy Services during    during this period, the Company is not necessary to settle
                           this period, the Company is not         the consideration or issue consideration shares to the
                           necessary to settle the consideration   Minority Vendors in accordance with the equity purchase
                           or pay cash to the Majority Vendors     agreements
                           in accordance with the equity
                           purchase agreements

*       As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 29 March 2022, the issue price of the consideration shares is
        HK$46.1725 per share.


The Company will closely monitor the above situation and, after obtaining confirmation from the Vendors,
make payments to the Majority Vendors in cash and to the Minority Vendors through issuing consideration
shares (or in cash, if applicable) as soon as practicable. The Company will also make disclosure as
appropriate in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

Fifth Part of Consideration

The fifth part of consideration shall be paid in stages according to the progress of delivery of the Injected
Projects by the related parties of the Majority Vendors to the target group.

Following the end of each half-year period since 1 January 2022, the parties shall review the Injected Projects
delivered during such half-year period.

Within one month following each biannual review, CG Property Services HK shall procure the issue of the
Majority Consideration Shares in equivalent corresponding value based on the saturated revenue of the
Injected Projects delivered during such period and the agreed formula.

In 2025, no projects have been injected into the target group by the related parties of the Majority Vendors
and no Shares of the Company are required to be issued by CG Property Services HK to the Vendors
pursuant to the terms of the equity purchase agreements.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025        89
     Report of the Directors


          II.    Performance Guarantee

                 (1)   The Majority Vendors and the Minority Vendors have undertaken to CG Property Services HK that the
                       saturated revenue of the Projects under management for each half-year period from 1 January 2022
                       until full settlement of the third part of consideration shall not be less than the corresponding amount as
                       at 31 December 2021.

                 (2)   The Minority Vendors have undertaken to CG Property Services HK that the performance of the target
                       group for the three years from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025 shall meet the following targets:

                        Performance
                        Guarantee Period        Operating Revenue    Net profit after NRI   GFA under management


                        1 July 2022 to          No less than         No less than           The GFA under management as at 30 June
                           30 June 2023         RMB1,200 million       RMB125 million         2023 shall not be less than the GFA under
                           (the “First                                                        management as at 31 December 2021
                           Performance
                           Guarantee Period”)

                        1 July 2023 to          No less than         No less than           The GFA under management as at 30 June
                           30 June 2024           RMB1,320 million     RMB137 million         2024 shall not be less than the GFA under
                           (the “Second                                                       management as at 30 June 2023
                           Performance
                           Guarantee Period”)

                        1 July 2024 to          No less than         No less than           The GFA under management as at 30 June
                           30 June 2025           RMB1,452 million     RMB150 million         2025 shall not be less than the GFA under
                           (the “Third                                                        management as at 30 June 2024
                           Performance
                           Guarantee Period”)

                       Upon issue, the Minority Consideration Shares (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated
                       29 March 2022) shall be charged in favor of CG Property Services HK or its designated entity to secure
                       the performance guarantee made by the Minority Vendors. For each performance guarantee period,
                       upon confirmation that the relevant targets have been met, CG Property Services HK shall arrange
                       to release the share charge over one-third of the Minority Consideration Shares. If the target for any
                       performance guarantee period is not met, the share charge over corresponding portion of the Minority
                       Consideration Shares shall not be released, and such performance guarantee period and subsequent
                       performance guarantee periods (including the corresponding timetable for release of share charge) shall
                       be extended for one year and so forth until such target is met, except that any Minority Consideration
                       Shares over which the share charge has not been released as at 30 June 2032 shall be forfeited.

                       If the target group fails to meet performance guarantee (1) and/or the target for GFA under management
                       under performance guarantee (2), the Majority Vendors and/or the Minority Vendors shall make up for
                       a portion of the corresponding shortfall in consideration in cash in accordance with the agreed formula
                       or inject new projects meeting the specified criteria and conditions into the target group to make up for
                       a portion of the corresponding shortfall in saturated revenue. If such cash compensation is not made
                       or such projects for compensation are not injected, CG Property Services HK shall have the right to
                       dispose of the charged Minority Consideration Shares to meet the obligations of the Minority Vendors
                       to make up for the shortfall.




90   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Report of the Directors


In respect of the performance guarantee (1) above, as stated in the section headed “Third part of
consideration”, the parties have agreed to extend the full delivery date of the Projects In Transit to 30
June 2026 when all deliveries are expected to be completed. Accordingly, the performance guarantee
period in relation to performance guarantee (1) has not yet expired. The Company will closely monitor
the above situation and make disclosure as appropriate in compliance with the requirement of Rule
14.36B of the Listing Rules.

In respect of the performance guarantee (2) above, the Group has engaged an auditor to conduct an
audit and issue a report on its financial results for the three years from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025.
However, CG Property Services HK has not yet reached a consensus with the Minority Vendors as to
whether the performance guarantees for each of the aforementioned three-year period have been met.
In order to reach a consensus with the Minority Vendors as soon as possible, the Group formulated
certain action plans in 2025. The following table summarizes the fulfillment status of the relevant
planned actions:

 Planned action                       Fulfillment status in 2025


 Planned action (I)                   Following the issuance of the audit reports for the First and
 Reissue letters to Minority          Second Performance Guarantee Period, CG Property Services
 Vendors                              HK issued letters to the Minority Vendors, indicating that the
                                      performance guarantees for these two periods were not met.
                                      However, such conclusions were not fully confirmed by them, nor
                                      did they raise any objections. Accordingly, CG Property Services
                                      HK planned to reissue letters to the Minority Vendors, and to
                                      attach the audit conclusions for the three-year period, after the
                                      audit report for the Third Performance Guarantee Period was
                                      issued.

                                      Following the issuance of the audit report for the Third
                                      Performance Guarantee Period, on 26 September 2025, CG
                                      Property Services HK dispatched notification letters to the
                                      Minority Vendors in relation to the audit results (which indicated
                                      that the performance guarantees were not met) issued by a third-
                                      party accounting firm engaged to audit the operating revenue
                                      and the net profit after NRI for the performance guarantee period
                                      from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025 under performance guarantee
                                      (2). The letters explicitly informed the Minority Vendors that if they
                                      have any objections to the audit results, they could respond in
                                      writing with an explanation. Subsequently, CG Property Services
                                      HK and the Minority Vendors could jointly appoint an accounting
                                      firm to audit the fulfillment status of the performance guarantees
                                      of Everjoy Services. The absence of a written reply raising any
                                      objection would be deemed as acceptance of the audit results
                                      for the performance guarantees as set out in the letters by CG
                                      Property Services HK.

                                      CG Property Services HK has fully fulfilled its obligation to notify
                                      the Minority Vendors of the audit results of the performance
                                      guarantees and has completed planned action (I).




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025        91
     Report of the Directors



                        Planned action                        Fulfillment status in 2025

                        Planned action (II)                   In processing the third part of consideration, CG Services
                        To endeavor, when confirming          typically follows the steps below before making the payment:
                        matters relating to the payment
                        of the third part of consideration    (1)   Calculate the consideration payable to the Majority Vendors
                        with certain Minority Vendors,              and the Minority Vendors respectively based on the area of
                        to require them to also confirm             Projects In Transit delivered by the Majority Vendors; and
                        matters relating to the performance
                        guarantees                            (2)   Arrange for the Majority Vendors to sign a confirmation
                                                                    letter to confirm the amount payable for the third part of
                                                                    consideration. In accordance with past practice, Chuangzhi
                                                                    and Chuangtong (both as defined on page 19 of the
                                                                    announcement of CG Services dated 29 March 2022),
                                                                    which together hold 53.73% of the equity interests held by
                                                                    the Minority Vendors, will also sign the confirmation letter
                                                                    to confirm the third part of consideration payable by CG
                                                                    Services to them.

                                                              When CG Services calculates and pays the third part of
                                                              consideration to the above-mentioned vendors based on the
                                                              delivered Projects In Transit, and proceeds with step (2) above,
                                                              CG Services planned to add contents relating to performance
                                                              guarantees in the confirmation letter to be signed by Chuangzhi
                                                              and Chuangtong, requiring them to confirm the audit results
                                                              for all performance guarantee periods and to confirm that the
                                                              relevant performance indicators were not achieved.

                                                              However, during the communication process, the Majority
                                                              Vendors, Chuangzhi and Chuangtong explicitly refused.

                                                              CG Property Services HK will continue to seek appropriate
                                                              opportunities to communicate with Chuangzhi and Chuangtong,
                                                              requesting them to confirm matters relating to the performance
                                                              guarantees as soon as possible.

                        Planned action (III)                  Currently, as the Minority Vendors have not filed any litigation,
                        To endeavor, during the next          this planned action (III) has not been implemented.
                        reconciliation of or settlement
                        regarding the third part of
                        consideration with certain Minority
                        Vendors, to also have them
                        confirm matters related to the
                        performance guarantees

                        Planned action (IV)                   To fully safeguard the interests of the Shareholders, the Group
                        Continue to maintain the charge       has implemented this planned action (IV). Minority Consideration
                        of Minority Consideration Shares      Shares will continue to be charged in favor of CG Property
                                                              Services HK. However, any such Minority Consideration Shares
                                                              that have not been released as at 30 June 2032 will be forfeited.




92   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Report of the Directors


Furthermore, to continue advancing the aforementioned uncompleted planned actions and to actively
facilitate communication with the Minority Vendors, so as to reach a consensus on matters related to
performance guarantees as soon as possible, the planned actions of the Group for 2026 are as follows:

 Planned action                        Details


 Planned action (I)                    CG Property Services HK will continue to seek appropriate
 Continue to seek appropriate          opportunities to communicate and confirm with the Minority
 opportunities to communicate          Vendors (including Chuangzhi and Chuangtong) regarding
 and confirm with the Minority         matters related to performance guarantees, so as to reach a
 Vendors regarding matters related     consensus as soon as possible.
 to performance guarantees

 Planned action (II)                   The Group expects that CG Services will continue to settle
 To endeavor, during the next          the Projects In Transit pending future delivery with the Minority
 reconciliation of or settlement       Vendors. Both parties may also initiate legal proceedings
 regarding the third part of           against each other regarding the payment of the third part of
 consideration with certain Minority   consideration by CG Services.
 Vendors, to also have them confirm
 matters related to the performance    At that time, CG Services will require the Minority Vendors
 guarantees                            to confirm, as soon as possible, the audit results for the
                                       First, Second and Third Performance Guarantee Period, and
                                       to incorporate “confirming the unfulfillment of the relevant
                                       performance indicators” into the scope of settlement.

 Planned action (III)                  Minority Consideration Shares will continue to be charged in
 Continue to maintain the charge       favor of CG Property Services HK. However, any such Minority
 of Minority Consideration Shares      Consideration Shares that have not been released as at 30 June
                                       2032 will be forfeited.

The Company will closely monitor the aforementioned situation and will make disclosures in a timely
manner as required under Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025      93
     Report of the Directors



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
     IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
     AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the
     Shares of the Company, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)), which
     were required to be entered in the register pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to
     the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

     Long positions in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                interests in                          % of total
                                                                                 underlying                            Shares in
                                                                                shares held                          issue as at
                                                              Number of        under equity                        31 December       Number of
       Name of Directors         Capacity                    Shares held         derivatives             Total             2025 debentures held


       Ms. Yang Huiyan           Interest of controlled   1,218,336,100(1)                —     1,218,336,100            36.44%                   —
                                    corporation and
                                    other interests
       Mr. Xu Binhuai            Beneficial owner             1,240,667(2)      12,000,000(4)      13,240,667             0.40%                   —
       Mr. Xiao Hua              Beneficial owner               755,795(3)       5,000,000(4)       5,755,795             0.17%                   —

     Notes:

     As at 31 December 2025, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,343,638,516 Shares.

     (1)      As at 31 December 2025, Concrete Win Limited (“Concrete Win” or the “Donor”) and Fortune Warrior Global Limited (“Fortune
              Warrior”) held 418,332,094 Shares and 125,363,139 Shares, respectively. Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior are beneficially wholly-
              owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Yang Huiyan is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which
              Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior were interested in. On 8 May 2025, the Company (as the chargee) entered into the deed of share
              charge with Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior (as the chargors) in respect of the secured assets, including a total of 543,695,233 Shares
              of the Company beneficially held by Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior, to secure the repayment and settlement of the principal and
              interest of the loan and the secured debts in an aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (or HKD equivalent) provided by the
              Company to Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior. On 29 July 2023, Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win entered into a deed of gift with
              Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) Limited (“Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong)”) (the “Deed of Gift”).
              Pursuant to the Deed of Gift, the Donor donated 674,640,867 Shares (the “Donation Shares”) to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation
              (Hong Kong) for charitable purposes, and appointed Ms. Yang Huiyan and the Donor or their designated person(s) as proxies to exercise
              the voting rights in respect of the Donation Shares on behalf of Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) at the discretion of Ms.
              Yang Huiyan and the Donor. Ms. Yang Huiyan continued to directly and indirectly control the voting rights in respect of 1,218,336,100
              Shares, which include the voting rights in respect of the Donation Shares.

     (2)      These Shares represent 240,000 Shares held by Mr. Xu Binhuai which were purchased in the secondary market and 1,000,667 Shares
              issued to Mr. Xu Binhuai upon his exercise of the options granted to him under a pre-listing share option scheme adopted by the then
              shareholders of the Company on 13 March 2018, which was subsequently amended by a resolution passed at the extraordinary general
              meeting held on 7 November 2019 (“Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme”).

     (3)      These Shares represent 37 Shares distributed to Mr. Xiao Hua by virtue of the shares of CGH held by him prior to the spin-off of the
              Company from CGH and separate listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, 5,558 Shares received by Mr. Xiao Hua as the
              distributed final dividend of CG Services for 2020 and 750,200 Shares issued to Mr. Xiao Hua upon his exercise of the options granted to
              him under the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme.

     (4)      The relevant interests are unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the 2024 Share Option Scheme. Upon exercise of
              the share options in accordance with the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the corresponding number of ordinary Shares will be issued at
              HK$5.01 per Share. The share options are personal to the respective Directors.




94   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                         Report of the Directors


Long positions in the shares of an associated corporation of the Company

                                                                                                                        Approximate %
                                                                                                                         of total issued
                                                                                                                          shares of the
                                                                                                                             associated
                                                                                                                            corporation
                                                                                                                                as at 31
                               Name of associated                                                     Number of              December
  Name of Director             corporation                        Nature of interest                 Shares held                   2025(1)


  Ms. Yang Huiyan              Justbon Services                   Interest of controlled             177,584,598                   99.71%
                                                                     corporation

Note:

(1)     The resolution for approving the delisting of H shares of Justbon Services from the Stock Exchange was passed at the general meeting
        and H share class meeting of Justbon Services held on 17 June 2021, and the delisting acceptance condition was satisfied on 15 July
        2021. The listing of H shares of Justbon Services on the Stock Exchange was voluntarily withdrawn at 4:00 p.m. on 19 August 2021.
        Following the delisting, the shares of Justbon Services, as a PRC issuer, are no longer divided into H shares and domestic shares and
        are all ordinary shares with nominal value of RMB1 each. The percentage is calculated based on the total shares of Justbon Services of
        178,102,160 shares as at 31 December 2025.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company (including
their spouses and children under the age of 18) had any interest in, or had been granted any right to subscribe for the
Shares and options of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO), or had exercised
any such rights.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025          95
     Report of the Directors



     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE
     UNDER THE SFO
     As at 31 December 2025, as set out in the register kept under Section 336 of the SFO, the following companies and
     persons (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares and
     underlying shares which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

                                                                                                            Number of            Approximate %
                                                                                                           Shares held            of total Shares
       Name of Shareholders                                Capacity                                    or interested in                   in issue


       Concrete Win(1)                                     Beneficial owner                           1,092,972,961 (L)                     32.69%
       Country Garden Services Holdings                    Security interest                            543,695,233 (L)                     16.26%
         Company Limited(1)
       Mr. Chen Chong(2)                                   Interest of spouse                           543,695,233 (L)                     16.26%
                                                           Interest of controlled corporation           674,640,867 (L)                     20.18%
       Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation                  Beneficial owner                             674,640,867 (L)                     20.18%
         (Hong Kong)(3)
       Shanghai Wealspring                                 Investment manager                           167,694,000 (L)                       5.02%
         Asset Management Co., Ltd.*
         (上海寧泉資產管理有限公司)

     Notes:

     L – long position
     S – short position

     As at December 31 2025, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,343,638,516 Shares.


     (1)      On 8 May 2025, the Company (as the chargee) entered into the deed of share charge with Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior (as the
              chargors) in respect of the secured assets, including 418,332,094 Shares and 125,363,139 Shares beneficially held by Concrete Win and
              Fortune Warrior respectively, to secure the repayment and settlement of the principal and interest of the loan and the secured debts in an
              aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (or HKD equivalent) provided by the Company to Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior.

     (2)      By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen Chong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by his spouse, Ms. Yang Huiyan, whose interests
              are disclosed in the above section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying
              Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated Corporations”. On 26 August 2024, Mr. Chen Chong became the sole
              member of Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong). By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen Chong is deemed to be interested in the
              Shares held by Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong).

     (3)      On 29 July 2023, Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win entered into the Deed of Gift with Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong
              Kong). Pursuant to the Deed of Gift, the Donor donated 674,640,867 Shares to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) for
              charitable purposes. Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win continue to control the voting rights of 674,640,867 shares held by Guoqiang
              Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong).


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had not been notified of any other person (other than
     the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who was recorded in the register of the Company as having an interest
     or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be
     kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




     * For identification purpose only



96   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Report of the Directors



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
On 9 July 2024, the 2024 Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Shareholders and a Board meeting
was held on 18 November 2024 to allow the use of treasury Shares for the grant of Shares to enable more flexibility.
The 2024 Share Option Scheme is for a term of 10 years from the date of its adoption and will expire on 8 July 2034. A
summary of the principal terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme is set out as follows:

(i)     Purpose

        •    To motivate the eligible participants to work hard for the Group’s future development by providing them with
             an opportunity to acquire the Shares of the Company, thereby promoting long-term stable development of
             the Group;

        •    To provide the eligible participants with incentives and/or rewards for their contributions to the Group; and

        •    To enhance the Group’s ability to attract and retain individuals with outstanding skills and extensive
             experience.

(ii)    Eligible participants

        Eligible participants for the 2024 Share Option Scheme include the employee participants and the service providers.

(iii)   Total number of Shares which may be issued and its percentage of the Shares in issue as at the date of
        this annual report

        •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the 2024 Share Option Scheme will be
             334,302,033 Shares, which shall not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue at the date of the
             adoption of the 2024 Share Option Scheme (excluding treasury Shares).

        •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options to be granted under the 2024
             Share Option Scheme to the service providers will be 66,860,406 Shares, which shall not exceed 2% of the
             total number of Shares in issue at the date of the adoption of the 2024 Share Option Scheme (excluding
             treasury Shares).

        As at the date of this report, a total of 333,372,033 Shares, representing approximately 10% of the issued share
        capital (excluding treasury Shares) of the Company as at the date of this report, were available for issue under the
        2024 Share Option Scheme, including those granted but not yet lapsed or exercised options which may subscribe
        for 218,988,750 Shares.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025      97
     Report of the Directors


     (iv)   Maximum entitlement to options of each eligible participant

            For any twelve (12)-month period up to and including the grant date, the aggregate number of Shares issued and
            to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted to such eligible participant (excluding any options and
            awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant schemes) shall not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total
            number of Shares in issue as at the grant date (excluding treasury Shares). Where the grant of options to such
            eligible participant (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant scheme)
            would result in the number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be
            granted to such eligible participants in the twelve (12)-month period up to and including the grant date representing
            in aggregate in excess of 1% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the grant date (excluding treasury Shares),
            such grant of options shall be separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting with such eligible
            participant and his close associates (or associates if the eligible participant is a connected person) abstaining from
            voting.

     (v)    Exercise period of options

            An option may (and may only) be exercised by the grantee at any time or times during the option period subject
            to any provisions for early termination contained in the 2024 Share Option Scheme. The option period shall not
            exceed the period of ten (10) years from the grant date and shall be determined by the Board in its absolute
            discretion to the grantee in the offer letter.

     (vi)   Vesting period of options

            The vest period of options shall be set by the Board at the time of grant, which shall be no less than twelve (12)
            months from the acceptance date. The options of eligible participants shall not have a shorter vesting period which
            is less than 12 months, unless a shorter vesting period is approved by the Remuneration Committee and the Board
            for the Shares granted to the specified eligible participant.

     (vii) Payment on acceptance of option offer

            An option shall be deemed to be granted and accepted by a grantee and become effective when the duplicate
            offer letter constituting acceptance of the option is duly signed by the grantee, together with a payment in favour of
            the Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof, is received by the Company on or before
            the relevant acceptance date. Payment of consideration for the grant shall in no circumstances be refundable.

     (viii) Basis for determining the exercise price

            The exercise price shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board, but in any case, at least the higher
            of: (a) the closing price of the Shares on the date of grant (which must be a business day) as stated on the daily
            quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange; and (b) the average closing price of the Shares for the five (5) business
            days before the date of grant as stated on the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange; provided that in the
            event of fractional prices, the exercise price per Share shall be rounded upwards to the nearest whole cent.

     (ix)   Remaining life of the scheme

            The 2024 Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years commencing from the
            adoption date, after which period no further options will be offered or granted but the provisions of the 2024 Share
            Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects with respect to options granted during the
            life of the 2024 Share Option Scheme.




98   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                 Report of the Directors


During the year ended 31 December 2025, details of movements in the share options under the 2024 Share Option
Scheme are as follows:

                                                       Options to subscribe for Shares
                             Outstanding                                                          Outstanding      Exercise
                                    as at   Granted       Exercised      Cancelled        Lapsed         as at     price per
  Category and name            1 January      during         during         during         During 31 December         Share
  of grantee                        2025    the Year       the Year       the Year       the Year        2025          (HK$)   Date of grant Exercise period


  Directors
  Mr. Xu Binhuai              12,000,000          —               —              —             —      12,000,000       5.01    22.07.2024    Vesting date(6) –
                                                                                                                                               21 July 2034
  Mr. Xiao Hua                 5,000,000          —               —              —             —       5,000,000       5.01    22.07.2024    Vesting date(6) –
                                                                                                                                               21 July 2034
  Sub-total of Directors      17,000,000          —               —              —             —      17,000,000
  Employee participants      207,150,000          —         260,000              —       4,231,250   202,658,750       5.01    22.07.2024    Vesting date(6) –
    (other than Directors)                                                                                                                     21 July 2034
  Total                      224,150,000          —         260,000              —       4,231,250   219,658,750

Notes:

(1)       The Company granted share options to eligible participants (all being employees of the Group) to subscribe for an aggregate of
          225,350,000 Shares pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme on 22 July 2024. Although the vesting period for
          the first batch of share options under such grant is less than 12 months, the overall grant has a mixed schedule where the share
          options may vest over a period from 1 April 2025 to 1 April 2030 and each is attached with performance-based vesting conditions.
          These circumstances are specifically permitted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme for a shorter vesting period. The Board also
          considers that this is appropriate as part of the competitive terms and conditions to reward exceptional performers with accelerated
          vesting and to motivate exceptional performers based on performance metrics. With respect to the grants to the Directors, the
          Remuneration Committee is of the view that, in addition to the above and taking into account (i) the demonstrated contributions of
          the grantees to the overall operations, development and growth of the Group; and (ii) a majority of the share options are subject
          to a longer vesting period, which will ensure that the long-term interests of the grantees and the Company are aligned and the
          grantees will be motivated to contribute to the Company’s development, a shorter vesting period for the first batch of share options
          is appropriate.

(2)       The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of grant (22 July 2024) was HKD4.87 per Share, and the fair value of
          the Shares at the date of grant was approximately RMB531,422,817. The expense of share options charged to profit or loss during
          the Year was approximately RMB183.12 million (for the corresponding period in 2024: RMB137.07 million), mainly because, upon
          granting the relevant share options, the Company is required to recognise the fair value of the relevant share options as at the grant
          date as an expense by amortising it over the vesting period and the lapse of certain share options. The relevant accounting policy is
          described in Note 44.19 “Share-based payments” to this report.

(3)       During the Year, the Company allotted and issued 260,000 Shares upon the exercise of share options by employee participants
          (excluding Directors). The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates of exercise of the relevant
          share options, being 12 December 2025 and 18 December 2025, was HK$6.29 per Share. No share options were cancelled by
          the Company during the Year.

(4)       As at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025, the number of share options available for grant under the 2024 Share Option
          Scheme to subscribe for the relevant Shares was 110,152,033 and 114,383,283, respectively, and the number of share options
          available for grant under the service provider sublimit to subscribe for the relevant Shares was 66,860,406 and 66,860,406,
          respectively.

(5)       All the eligible participants with options granted on 22 July 2024 were the employees of the Group, who were not (i) participants
          with the Shares granted exceeding the 1% individual limit and (ii) related entity participants or service providers with the Shares
          granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue of the Company.




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025                99
      Report of the Directors


           (6)    The Company granted share options to eligible participants (all being employees of the Group) to subscribe for an aggregate of
                  225,350,000 Shares pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme on 22 July 2024. The vesting dates of these share
                  options are as follows, and the vesting period is from 22 July 2024 to the relevant vesting date in below table:

                   Batch                                           Percentage       Vesting dates

                   The first batch of share options                       25%       1 April 2025 or 1 April 2026 (subject to the fulfillment of vesting
                                                                                    conditions, the same below)
                   The second batch of share options                      20%       1 April 2026 or 1 April 2027
                   The third batch of share options                       20%       1 April 2027 or 1 April 2028
                   The fourth batch of share options                      20%       1 April 2028 or 1 April 2029
                   The fifth batch of share options                       15%       1 April 2029 or 1 April 2030

                  The share options granted as aforesaid will vest in the relevant grantees upon the satisfaction of the conditions relating to (a) the
                  Company’s performance targets and (b) individual’s performance targets. With respect to the first batch of share options:

                  The Company’s performance             The Group’s service power, brand power and development speed (the year-on-year growth
                    targets                             rate of the Company’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024#* as compared to
                                                        the previous year) exceed the average year-on-year growth rate of the revenue for the same
                                                        period of the top 20 listed peers which publish their audited annual results for 2023 no later
                                                        than 31 March 2024# in terms of revenue for the year ended 31 December 2023 other than
                                                        the Company (the “Comparable Companies”) (the “2024# Target for Revenue Growth
                                                        Rate”), and meanwhile, the profit of the Group’s core business for the year ended 31
                                                        December 2024# maintains steady. The Board will evaluate the development quality of the
                                                        Group and determine the vesting results before the vesting date.

                                                        In the event of failure to achieve the 2024# Target for Revenue Growth Rate, the evaluation
                                                        may be extended for another year. In this event, the 2024# Target for Revenue Growth Rate
                                                        shall be deemed to be achieved by the compound annual growth rate of the revenue of the
                                                        Company for the year ending 31 December 2025+ exceeding the compound annual growth
                                                        rate of revenue of the Comparable Companies for the same period based on the revenue of
                                                        the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023^, and with all other vesting conditions
                                                        being achieved, such batch of share options can be vested to the relevant Grantees.

                                                        #
                                                            For the second to fifth batches of share options, it shall be 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028,
                                                            respectively.

                                                        * The revenues of the Company and the Comparable Companies set out in the vesting
                                                          conditions represent the revenues shown in the audited consolidated financial statements.

                                                        ^
                                                            For the second to fifth batches of share options, it shall be 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027,
                                                            respectively.

                                                        +
                                                            For the second to fifth batches of share options, it shall be 2026, 2027, 2028 and 2029,
                                                            respectively.

                  Individual’s performance              The relevant grantee having achieved the individual’s annual performance targets set by
                    targets                             the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024#, e.g.: (a) financial performance of the
                                                        business under the grantees’ responsibility (e.g., cash flow, revenue, profit, comprehensive
                                                        collection rate); (b) operating performance of the business under the grantees’ responsibility
                                                        (e.g., product competitiveness, market penetration, operating efficiency and business health);
                                                        and/or (c) mechanism construction, team growth, model innovation, learning and growth,
                                                        etc. Specific targets are determined by the Company on an annual basis, with differentiated
                                                        requirements tailored to different categories of grantees. For details, please refer to the
                                                        Company’s announcement dated 22 July 2024.

                                                        #
                                                            For the second to fifth batches of share options, it shall be 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028,
                                                            respectively.

           (7)    During the Year, no share options were granted by the Company, therefore the total number of Shares which may be issued upon
                  the exercise of the share options granted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme divided by the weighted average number of Shares
                  in issue during the Year is zero.

           Save as disclosed above, no outstanding options had been exercised, cancelled or lapsed under 2024 Share
           Option Scheme during the reporting period. After the reporting period, amendments to (1) the rules of the 2024
           Share Option Scheme and (2) the terms of the granted options have been approved by the Shareholders at the
           extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 28 January 2026. For details regarding the amendments,
           please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 23 December 2025 and the Company’s circular dated 8
           January 2026.


100   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Report of the Directors



SHARE AWARD SCHEME
On 18 November 2024, the Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board of the Company, for a term
of 10 years from the date of its adoption and will expire on 17 November 2034. A summary of the principal terms of the
Share Award Scheme is set out as follows:

(i)     Purpose

        The Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company with the following objectives: (i) to incentivize core talents
        who play an important role in the future operations and development of the Company; (ii) to reward selected
        participants for their contributions to the Company.

(ii)    Eligible participants

        The scope of the eligible participants includes:

        •     Directors and/or employees of the Group which holds certain key positions within the Group (i.e. selected
              employee participants);

        •     Other individuals who the Board believes provide services beneficial to the long-term development of the
              Group (i.e. service providers).

        The participants will be excluded from the scheme if they meet any of the following conditions, among others:

        •     No longer employed by the Group or the designated company by the Company or holding a key
              management position within the Group or providing services to the Group;

        •     Committing serious misconduct(s) such as fraud, dishonesty, gross negligence, bribery, corruption, theft,
              disclosure of commercial and technical secrets, or non-compliance with internal guidelines;

        •     Bankruptcy or inability to repay debts; and

        •     Other circumstances determined by the performance management working group.

(iii)   Total number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the scheme and its percentage of the Shares
        in issue as at the date of this annual report

        •     The maximum number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the Share Award Scheme must not
              exceed 109,000,000 Shares.

        •     As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares may be granted pursuant to the Share
              Award Scheme was 109,000,000 Shares (including Shares acquired but not yet granted), representing
              approximately 3.35% of issued share capital (excluding treasury Shares) of the Company as at the date of
              this report.

(iv)    Maximum entitlement to awarded share of each eligible participant

        The maximum number of awarded share may be granted to a selected participant pursuant to the Share Award
        Scheme must not exceed 33,430,000 Shares.

(v)     Exercise period of options pursuant to the Share Award Scheme by the grantee

        Not applicable


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025    101
      Report of the Directors


      (vi)   Vesting period of the awarded shares

             The relevant selected participants shall complete the acceptance of awards prior to the vesting deadline indicated
             in the grant notice, failing which the award shall be forfeited in accordance with the terms of the Share Scheme
             Award.

      (vii) Payment on acceptance of award

             The Board may determine the amount payable on acceptance of the award (if any) and the period within which
             payments must be or may be made (or loans for such purposes must be repaid).

      (viii) Basis for determining the purchase price of awarded shares (if any)

             The grant price is determined by the Board and the performance management working group, taking into
             account factors such as the exercise price of options recently granted pursuant to the Company’s Share Option
             Scheme, the price at which the Company has purchased Shares through a trust, and the operating costs of the
             management plan.

      (ix)   Remaining life of the scheme

             Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the scheme rules, the Share
             Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten (10) years commencing on the adoption date. The
             provisions of the scheme will remain fully effective and applicable to awards granted but not yet vested during the
             scheme period. The trust duration should be no less than the scheme period, starting from the establishment of the
             trust plan.

             From the date of adopting the Share Award Scheme to the date of this report, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
             Company established a trust within China as the settlor pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, and pursuant to the
             trust deed with the trustee (an independent third-party trust company), the trustee has purchased an aggregate of
             109,000,000 Shares through market transactions, using RMB through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
             and/or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanisms. On 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025, Shares
             that may be awarded pursuant to the Share Award Scheme were 109,000,000 Share and 109,000,000 Shares
             respectively.

             During the year ended 31 December 2025, no Shares were granted, vested, lapsed, cancelled or forfeited under
             the Share Award Scheme.

             As the source of the Shares that may be awarded does not include the issue of new Shares, the number of Shares
             that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the Year divided by the
             weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury Shares) in issue during the Year is not applicable.

             Save as disclosed above, no other share option scheme or share award scheme has been established by the
             Company.

      EQUITY FUND-RAISING ACTIVITIES AND USES OF PROCEEDS
      During the Year, the Company had not issued any equity securities (including the securities which can be converted into
      equity securities) or sold any treasury Shares for cash. The proceeds from equity fund-raising activities of the Company
      since listing have been fully utilized in the prior years. For details, please refer to the sections on “EQUITY FUND-
      RAISING ACTIVITIES AND USES OF PROCEEDS” in the Company’s previous annual reports. The Company did not
      conduct any sale of treasury Shares during the Year and in the previous financial years.




102   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Report of the Directors



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
contained in this annual report.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the Year, the Group was subject to a number of laws and regulations, mainly including the Company Law of the
PRC, the Civil Code of the PRC, the Property Management Regulations, the Price Law of the PRC, the Measures for
the Management of Property Service Charge, the Regulations on Property Management Service Fee with Clear Price
Tag, the Bid-Inviting and Bidding Law of the PRC, the Interim Measures for Bid-Inviting and Bidding Management of
Preliminary Property Management, the Environment Protection Law of the PRC, the Production Safety Law of the PRC,
the Fire Prevention Law of the PRC, the Regulations on the Administration of Security Services, the Special Equipment
Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Regulations on Safety Supervision of Special Equipment, Measures
for the Management of Special Maintenance of Residential Buildings, Administrative Measures of the Indoor Fitment and
Decoration, the Administrative Measures for Municipal Solid Waste, Administration of Urban Construction Garbage, Food
Safety Law of the PRC, Advertising Law of the PRC, the Administrative Measures for Real Estate Brokerage, the Labour
Law of the PRC, the Labour Contract Law of the PRC, the Implementation Regulations for the Labour Contract Law of
the PRC, the Social Security Law of the PRC and Administrative Regulation on Housing Provident Fund, etc.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s business had complied with the relevant laws and regulations in
all material respects and there were no material violations or contraventions of any laws and regulations applicable to the
Group which may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business or financial position as a whole.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the
date of this annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association and there is no restriction against such rights
under the laws of Cayman Islands.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       103
      Report of the Directors



      PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
      SECURITIES
      During the Year, the Company repurchased a total of 63,872,000 Shares on the Stock Exchange at a total consideration
      of HKD402,164,700 (before all the relevant expenses). The Shares repurchased were subsequently fully cancelled.
      Details of the Shares repurchased were as follows:

                                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                                             consideration
                                                                                                                   (before
                                                           Number of     Purchase price per Share                 relevant
                                                              Shares        Highest          Lowest             expenses)
       Month                                             repurchased          (HK$)           (HK$)                   (HK$)


       May 2025                                            3,475,000             6.76              6.58         23,038,360
       June 2025                                           4,077,000             6.67              6.21         26,105,030
       July 2025                                           1,537,000             6.64              6.42         10,046,440
       September 2025                                      1,600,000             6.43              6.37         10,258,910
       October 2025                                        4,380,000             6.40              6.17         27,195,080
       November 2025                                       9,599,000             6.57              6.15         60,352,100
       December 2025                                      39,204,000             6.46              5.95        245,168,780
                                                          63,872,000                                           402,164,700

      The purpose of such Share repurchase was to increase the returns for the Shareholders and to reflect the Company’s
      confidence in its business prospects, and was beneficial to all Shareholders.

      In accordance with the rules of the new Share Award Scheme adopted by the Company on 18 November 2024 and
      the terms and conditions of the trust deed, during the Year, a designated subsidiary of the Company entrusted a
      trustee to purchase a total of 2,120,000 Shares at a total consideration (including transaction cost) of approximately
      RMB11,104,000 through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and/or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
      mechanisms. As of the date of this report, a designated subsidiary of the Company entrusted a trustee in 2024 and
      2025 to purchase a total of 109,000,000 shares of the Company on the open market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong
      Stock Connect and/or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect at a total consideration (including transaction costs) of
      approximately RMB556,547,000.

      As at 31 December 2025, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,343,638,516 Shares. Save as
      disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased,
      sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including treasury shares). As at 31 December 2025, the
      Company did not hold any treasury share.

      AUDITOR
      PwC has resigned as the auditor of the Company with effect from 21 October 2024. With the recommendation from the
      audit committee, the Board has resolved to appoint Deloitte as the new auditor of the Company to fill the casual vacancy
      following the resignation of PwC with effect from 21 October 2024. Subsequently, Deloitte was appointed as auditor of
      the Company at the annual general meeting of the Company held in 2025. The Board will propose a resolution on the re-
      appointment of Deloitte as the Company’s auditor for the ensuing year at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
      Company.

      Save as disclosed above, there were no changes in the Company’s auditor in the three years prior to the reporting date.




104   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Report of the Directors



TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION AND CONSULTING PROFESSIONAL TAX
ADVISERS
The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to any Shareholders as a result of holding the
securities of the Company. Shareholders are recommended to consult professional advisers if they are in any doubt as to
the tax implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in or the exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares
of the Company.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For the purposes of determining the eligibility of the Shareholders to attend, speak and vote at the 2026 AGM of the
Company, and the Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special dividend, the register of
members of the Company will be closed as appropriate as set out below:

(i)    For determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the 2026 AGM:

       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for                         At 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 22 May 2026
         registration with the Company’s
         Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office
       Record date                                                         Tuesday, 26 May 2026
       Closure of the register of members of the Company                   Tuesday, 26 May 2026 to Friday, 29 May 2026
                                                                             (both days inclusive)

(ii)   Subject to the passing of the shareholders’ resolutions approving the proposal for distributing the final dividend
       and special dividend at the 2026 AGM, for determining the Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final
       dividend and special dividend:

       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for                         At 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 9 June 2026
         registration with the Company’s
         Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office
       Closure of the register of members of the Company                   Wednesday, 10 June 2026 to Thursday,
                                                                             11 June 2026 (both days inclusive)
       Record date                                                         Thursday, 11 June 2026

For the purposes mentioned above, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates
must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office, Tricor Investor
Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong no later than the aforementioned
latest time.

For and on behalf of the Board
Xu Binhuai
President and Executive Director

Foshan, China, 27 March 2026




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       105
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF COUNTRY GARDEN SERVICES HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the
      “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 111 to 213, which comprise
      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or
      loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
      flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
      information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
      year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
      Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
      Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
      Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
      Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
      HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of
      public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
      that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.




106   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Independent Auditor’s Report



Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Assessment of impairment of expected credit                 Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
losses (“ECL”) on trade receivables                         of trade receivables included:

We identified the expected credit losses of trade           •    Understanding the relevant control over the
receivables as a key audit matter due to the magnitude           management’s impairment assessment process of
of the balance of trade receivables, complexity and              trade receivables;
significant judgements and estimates the Group makes
to measure the ECL, including those related to the          •    Assessed the appropriateness of the ECL
probability of default, loss given default and forward-          provisioning model and methodology adopted by
looking information.                                             management;

As disclosed in notes 4, 5 and 27 to the consolidated       •    Evaluated the rationality of management’s
financial statements, the Group adopts ECL model to              assumptions of expected cash flow distribution,
assess the impairment of trade receivables.                      expected credit losses rate and related probability
                                                                 weight under different scenarios for individual
For credit-impaired trade receivables, the Group                 assessment;
evaluated the distribution of expected cash flows under
multiple scenarios based on experience of historical        •    Challenged the reasonableness of the ECL rates
credit loss, business model, current situations and              adopted by management;
forecasts of future conditions of contract counterparties
under different scenarios, and made corresponding loss      •    Tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of aging
allowance according to expected credit loss rate and             report of trade receivables prepared by the Group;
the related probability weight under different scenarios.
ECL were recognised on an individual basis and loss         •    Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
allowances were made on an individual basis.                     calculation of the provision for loss allowance;

For non-credit impaired trade receivables, the Group        •    Evaluating the disclosures regarding the impairment
assessed the ECL of these trade receivables collectively         assessment of trade receivables measured
by grouping the debtors based on their shared credit             at amortised cost in notes 4, 5 and 27 to the
risk characteristics and aging periods, and based on the         consolidated financial statements.
assumptions about risk of default and expected credit
loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these
assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
of ECL calculation, based on the Group’s past history,
aging profile of the trade receivables, existing market
conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the
end of each reporting period.

As at 31 December 2025, the gross balance of trade
receivables amounted to RMB22,738,093,000 which
represented approximately 31.7% of the total assets
of the Group. The Group assessed the expected credit
losses of the trade receivables and RMB3,931,277,000
of loss allowance was made against the trade receivables
as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025     107
      Independent Auditor’s Report



       Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


       Goodwill impairment assessment                                  Our procedures in relation to the goodwill impairment
                                                                       assessment included:
       We identified the goodwill impairment assessment
       as a key audit matter due to the significance of the            •    Obtained an understanding of the Group’s
       goodwill balance and the significant judgments and                   assessment process and relevant controls of
       estimates made by the Group in the goodwill impairment               goodwill impairment and assessed the risk of
       assessment process.                                                  material misstatement by considering the degree of
                                                                            estimation uncertainty, complexity, subjectivity and
       As disclosed in notes 5 and 19 to the consolidated                   other inherent risk factors;
       financial statements, as at 31 December 2025, the
       Group had goodwill of RMB14,447,351,000 which                   •    Assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s
       accounted for approximately 20.1% of the total assets                identification of the CGU and allocation of
       of the Group. The Group has assessed the goodwill                    goodwill to meet HKFRS Accounting Standards
       impairment and impairment losses of goodwill amounting               requirements and our understanding of the Group’s
       to RMB968,891,000 was recognised for the year ended                  business;
       31 December 2025.
                                                                       •    Assessed the competency, capabilities and
       The Group assessed the impairment of goodwill, with                  objectivity of the external valuer engaged by the
       the assistance from independent qualified valuer, by                 Group;
       determining the recoverable amounts of the cash
       generating-units (“CGU”) and group of CGUs based on             •    Obtained management’s assessment on goodwill
       higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.        impairment and assess the appropriateness of the
                                                                            model and methodology adopted by management;
       Significant judgments and estimates were involved in
       the goodwill impairment assessment. These significant           •    Challenged and assessed the reasonableness
       judgments and estimates include the adoption of                      of the key assumptions used, including revenue
       appropriate model and methodology to perform goodwill                growth rates, gross profit margins and EBITDA
       impairment assessment.                                               margins, terminal growth rate and discount in
                                                                            the goodwill impairment assessment, with the
       The recoverable amount of the goodwill is determined                 assistance of our internal valuation specialist;
       based on fair value less costs of disposal or value-in-
       use calculations (whichever is the higher). The value in        •    Performed a retrospective review by comparing
       use calculation requires the Group to forecast the future            the prior year’s cash flow forecasts with the current
       cash flows expected to arise from the CGU based on                   year’s results to assess the reliability and historical
       the financial budgets approved by the Group. The use of              accuracy of management’ s forecasting process;
       key assumptions in the value-in-use calculation primarily
       includes revenue growth rates, gross profit margins,            •    Evaluated the reasonableness of the sensitivity
       earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and                   analysis performed by management on the
       amortization (“EBITDA”) margins, terminal growth rate                key assumptions to understand the impact of
       and discount rates. The use of key assumptions in the fair           reasonable changes in assumptions on the
       value calculation primarily includes price-to-earnings ratio         recoverable amount;
       and discount for lack of marketability.
                                                                       •    Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                                            calculations of the goodwill impairment assessment,
                                                                            if any;

                                                                       •    Evaluating the disclosures regarding the goodwill
                                                                            impairment assessment in note 19 to the
                                                                            consolidated financial statements.




108   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                              Independent Auditor’s Report



Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       109
      Independent Auditor’s Report


      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
            Group’s internal control.

      •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
            related disclosures made by the directors.

      •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
            the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
            significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
            exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
            financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
            the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
            the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
            disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
            a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
            of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial
            statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for the
            purpose of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
      the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
      audit.

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
      reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
      safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
      matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
      matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
      because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits
      of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Lam, Lawrence (practising certificate
      number: P05728).




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants

      Hong Kong
      27 March 2026




110   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                               2025            2024
                                                               NOTES       RMB’000          RMB’000

Revenue                                                          6         48,353,748           43,992,889
Cost of providing services                                                (37,483,377)         (33,482,191)
Cost of sales of goods                                                     (2,414,429)           (2,110,091)

Gross profit                                                                8,455,942            8,400,607
Selling and marketing expenses                                               (290,439)            (373,196)
General and administrative expenses                                        (4,614,582)          (4,442,718)
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets              19           (968,891)            (990,000)
Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets           9         (1,539,525)            (663,717)
Other income                                                     7            176,500              254,413
Other (losses)/gains – net                                       8           (189,732)             484,722

Operating profit                                                           1,029,273            2,670,111
Finance income                                                  11           265,461               217,255
Finance costs                                                   11          (126,417)             (169,100)
Finance income – net                                            11           139,044                48,155
Share of results of investments accounted
   for using the equity method                                                (49,688)             (11,560)

Profit before income tax                                                   1,118,629            2,706,706
Income tax expense                                              12          (519,730)            (832,198)

Profit for the year                                             13           598,899            1,874,508

Profit attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                    601,497            1,808,357
  — Non-controlling interests                                                 (2,598)              66,151

                                                                             598,899            1,874,508

Other comprehensive (expense) income
Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
   — Currency translation differences                           30             2,294                (8,447)
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   — Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                       30            (76,964)            113,397

Total other comprehensive (expense) income for the year,
  net of income tax                                                           (74,670)            104,950

Total comprehensive income for the year                                      524,229            1,979,458

Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                    526,827            1,913,307
  — Non-controlling interests                                                 (2,598)              66,151

                                                                             524,229            1,979,458

Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners
  of the Company (expressed in RMB cents per share)
  — Basic                                                       14             18.04                 54.16
  — Diluted                                                     14             17.94                 54.16


                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025    111
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      FINANCIAL POSITION
      AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                     At 31 December
                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                           NOTES    RMB’000         RMB’000


       ASSETS
       Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                        16      1,733,132      1,702,482
       Other right-of-use assets                                            17        411,583        420,609
       Investment properties                                                18      1,526,224      1,697,824
       Intangible assets                                                    19     20,197,041     22,162,313
       Investments accounted for using the equity method                    21        396,887        533,497
       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    23        452,401        556,740
       Contract assets                                                      24          3,784         73,320
       Trade and other receivables                                          27      1,126,459        282,769
       Deferred income tax assets                                           34      1,484,150      1,130,244
       Time deposits                                                                1,596,236        466,281


                                                                                   28,927,897     29,026,079


       Current assets
       Inventories                                                          26        753,426        613,242
       Other current assets                                                           913,433        344,020
       Trade and other receivables                                          27     23,325,800     22,680,328
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                25      2,347,620        580,033
       Contingent consideration receivables                                 25        289,458        298,508
       Restricted bank deposits                                             28      1,048,222        560,016
       Time deposits                                                                2,382,960      1,815,080
       Cash and cash equivalents                                            28     11,851,493     15,337,225


                                                                                   42,912,412     42,228,452


       Total assets                                                                71,840,309     71,254,531




112   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                                       At 31 December
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                  NOTES               RMB’000         RMB’000


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital and share premium                                    29            26,157,811            26,521,871
 Other reserves                                                     30               841,501               597,476
 Retained earnings                                                  31             8,958,978             9,497,683


                                                                                  35,958,290            36,617,030

 Non-controlling interests                                                            2,392,247          2,461,692


 Total equity                                                                     38,350,537            39,078,722


 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Bank and other borrowings                                          35                1,243,210            518,125
 Lease liabilities                                                  17                  987,325          1,726,309
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                    34                1,318,472          1,598,912


                                                                                      3,549,007          3,843,346


 Current liabilities
 Contract liabilities                                                6             8,877,892             8,245,315
 Trade and other payables                                           33            19,877,812            18,823,788
 Current income tax liabilities                                                      622,333               707,579
 Bank and other borrowings                                          35               383,569               352,131
 Lease liabilities                                                  17               179,159               203,650


                                                                                  29,940,765            28,332,463


 Total liabilities                                                                33,489,772            32,175,809


 Total equity and liabilities                                                     71,840,309            71,254,531

The consolidated financial statements on pages 111 to 213 were approved by the board of directors on 27 March 2026
and were signed on its behalf.




                                   Xu Binhuai                             Xiao Hua
                                    Director                               Director




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025   113
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                            Share capital                                                          Non-
                                                                               and share          Other       Retained                       controlling
                                                                                premium        reserves       earnings            Total        interests   Total equity
                                                                 Notes          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

          Balance at 1 January 2025                                           26,521,871        597,476       9,497,683        36,617,030     2,461,692     39,078,722
          Comprehensive income
          Profit (loss) for the year                                                  —              —         601,497           601,497         (2,598)       598,899
          Other comprehensive expense                                                 —         (74,670)            —            (74,670)            —         (74,670)

          Total comprehensive (expense) income
             for the year ended 31 December 2025                                      —         (74,670)       601,497           526,827         (2,598)       524,229

          Share purchase/repurchase of shares                    29(a)          (378,128)             —              —           (378,128)           —        (378,128)
          Consideration issue                                    29(b)            12,407              —              —             12,407            —          12,407
          Employee share schemes
              — value of employee services                         10                 —         183,123              —            183,123            —         183,123
              — exercise of share options                       29(c), 30          1,661           (479)             —              1,182            —           1,182
          Capital injection from non-controlling interests                            —              —               —                 —         12,807         12,807
          Transactions with non-controlling interests                                 —         (15,206)             —            (15,206)        4,201        (11,005)
          Acquisitions of subsidiaries                             38                 —              —               —                 —         48,468         48,468
          Appropriation of statutory reserves                                         —         151,257        (151,257)               —             —              —
          Disposals of subsidiaries                                39                 —              —               —                 —        (78,026)       (78,026)
          Dividends                                                                   —              —         (988,945)         (988,945)      (54,297)    (1,043,242)

                                                                                (364,060)       318,695      (1,140,202)       (1,185,567)      (66,847)    (1,252,414)

          Balance at 31 December 2025                                         26,157,811        841,501       8,958,978        35,958,290     2,392,247     38,350,537

          Balance at 1 January 2024                                           27,066,858        924,309       8,164,706        36,155,873     2,626,204     38,782,077
          Comprehensive income
          Profit for the year                                                         —              —        1,808,357         1,808,357        66,151      1,874,508
          Other comprehensive income                                                  —         104,950              —            104,950            —         104,950

          Total comprehensive income for the year
             ended 31 December 2024                                                   —         104,950       1,808,357         1,913,307        66,151      1,979,458

          Share purchase/repurchase of shares                    29(a)          (545,443)             —              —           (545,443)           —        (545,443)
          Consideration issue                                    29(b)               456              —              —                456            —             456
          Employee share schemes
              — value of employee services                         10                 —         123,265              —           123,265             —         123,265
          Capital injection from non-controlling interests                            —               —              —                 —         40,628          40,628
          Transactions with non-controlling interests*                                —          (45,574)            —            (45,574)      (92,500)      (138,074)
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                              38                 —               —              —                 —         16,546          16,546
          Appropriation of statutory reserves                                         —           69,290        (69,290)               —             —               —
          Disposals of subsidiaries                                39                 —               —              —                 —        (27,620)        (27,620)
          Disposals of financial assets at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                           30                 —        (578,764)        578,764                —             —              —
          Dividends                                                                   —              —         (984,854)         (984,854)     (167,717)    (1,152,571)

                                                                                (544,987)      (431,783)       (475,380)       (1,452,150)     (230,663)    (1,682,813)

          Balance at 31 December 2024                                         26,521,871        597,476       9,497,683        36,617,030     2,461,692     39,078,722

      *         This mainly consists of the acquisition of the additional 7.5% equity interest of the subsidiary, Fujian Dongfei Environment Group, from the
                non-controlling interest, which was settled by the contingent consideration receivable.




114   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                     NOTES           RMB’000          RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                       36(a)            3,734,228            4,919,355
Income tax paid                                                                      (1,226,328)          (1,046,256)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                         2,507,900            3,873,099

Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired        38                91,280               19,342
Settlement of outstanding considerations payable for
   business combinations in prior years                                                 (22,878)                  —
Proceeds from contingent consideration for business
   combinations in prior years                                         4                  9,050                 465
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from disposals of subsidiaries              39                (25,799)             48,626
Dividends received from investment accounted for
   using the equity method                                            21                17,398                 8,375
Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                         7                  34,839                76,017
Payments for investments accounted for using the equity method        21                (12,307)              (10,411)
Payments for property, plant and equipment                            16               (516,186)            (610,291)
Payments for intangible assets                                                         (105,049)            (136,540)
Purchases of investment properties                                                     (405,262)                   —
Payments for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     4             (7,418,083)          (3,052,900)
Payments for time deposits                                                           (4,552,249)          (2,281,361)
Loans to related parties                                              27             (1,000,000)                   —
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, and
   investment properties                                             36(c)              80,805              244,100
Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets                          19                 1,236                5,226
Proceeds from disposals of investments accounted for
   using the equity method                                                               2,481               39,932
Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                      4             5,703,515            3,262,297
Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                               —             3,856,644
Proceeds from maturity of time deposits                                              2,922,675                   —
Interest received                                                                      133,031              217,255

Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                               (5,061,503)          1,686,776

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                        36(d)                 1,160,183               337,569
Purchase shares for the share award scheme/buy-back of shares   29(a)                 (378,128)             (545,443)
Issue of shares pursuant to share option scheme                                          1,182                     —
Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                         5,607                 40,628
Transactions with non-controlling interests                                            (11,005)               (12,211)
Principal elements of lease payments                                                  (154,365)             (210,589)
Repayments of bank and other borrowings                        36(d)                  (430,165)           (1,088,843)
Interest paid on leases                                                                (76,092)               (86,170)
Interest paid on bank and other borrowings                    11, 36(d)                (50,166)               (75,111)
Dividends paid to owners of the Company                          15                   (988,945)             (984,854)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                            (61,241)             (197,432)

Net cash used in financing activities                                                 (983,135)           (2,822,456)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                (3,536,738)           2,737,419
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                  15,337,225           12,637,187
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                           51,006               (37,381)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                        11,851,493           15,337,225


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025    115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

      1. General information
           Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on
           24 January 2018 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (Cap. 22, Law 3 of 1961 as
           consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.

           The address of the Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman,
           KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

           The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally
           engaged in provision of property management services, community value-added services, value-added services
           to non-property owners, heat supply services, environmental business and commercial operational services in the
           People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

           The Company’s shares (the “Shares”) are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
           Exchange”).

           These consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”),
           unless otherwise stated. RMB is also the functional currency of the Company. These consolidated financial
           statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors of the Company on 27 March 2026.

      2. Application of new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
           Amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the current year

           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard as issued
           by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily
           effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated
           financial statements:

           Amendments to HKAS 21                         Lack of Exchangeability

           The application of the amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material impact
           on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out
           in these consolidated financial statements.




116   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




2. Application of new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
   New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

   The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have
   been issued but are not yet effective:

   Amendments to HKAS 21                               Lack of Exchangeability3
   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                   Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                         Financial Instruments2
   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                   Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
   Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                         its Associate or Joint Venture1
   Amendments to HKFRS                                 Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards –
                                                         Volume 112
   HKFRS 18                                            Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
   1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
   2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
   3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.

   Except for the new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the directors of the
   Company anticipate that the application of all other amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards will have no
   material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

   HKFRS 18 presentation and disclosure in financial statements

   HKFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”, which sets out requirements on presentation and
   disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”. This new HKFRS
   Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements
   to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on
   management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
   disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs
   have been moved to HKAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and HKFRS
   7 “Financial Instrument: Disclosures”. Minor amendments to HKAS 7 “Statement of Cash Flows” and HKAS 33
   “Earnings per Share” are also made.

   HKFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1
   January 2027, with early application permitted. HKFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition
   provisions. The application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on the financial
   performance and positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is expected to
   affect the structure and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

3. Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued
   by the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
   material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition,
   the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing
   of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance.

   The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable
   expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable
   future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial
   statements.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025   117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      4. Financial risk and capital risk management
           4.1    Financial risk management objectives and policies

                  The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: mainly credit risk, liquidity risk and market
                  risk (including foreign exchange risk and cash flow and fair value interest rate risk). The Group’s overall risk
                  management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
                  adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

                  4.1.1 Credit risk

                        Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
                        resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade
                        and other receivables, contract assets, restricted bank deposits, time deposits and bank balances.
                        The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, contract assets, restricted bank deposits, time
                        deposits and bank balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to
                        financial assets.

                        The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.
                        Information about the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related
                        impairment assessment, if applicable, are summarised as below:

                        The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment under the ECL model comprises the following
                        categories:

                                                                                                      Financial assets except
                         Internal                                                                     trade receivables and
                         credit rating Description                                                    contract assets


                         Low risk        The counterparty has a low risk of default and does not      12-month ECL
                                           have any past-due amounts

                         Watch list      Debtor frequently repays after due dates but casually        12-month ECL
                                           settle in full

                         Doubtful        There have been significant increases in credit risk since   Lifetime ECL
                                           initial recognition through information developed             — not credit-impaired
                                           internally or external resources

                         Loss            There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired    Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                         — credit-impaired

                         Write-off       There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe    Amount is written off
                                           financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic
                                           prospect of recovery




118   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

              Financial assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (“FVPL”)

              The Group invests in wealth management products, structure products and funds issued by banks and
              financial institutions. The credit risk of these financial assets are regularly reviewed and monitored by
              the Group. Details of the terms of these investments are disclosed in note 25. Summary of the fair value
              and principal amount of these financial assets are set out below.

                                                                  2025                              2024
                                                         Fair value        Principal       Fair value       Principal
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


                Wealth management products                1,291,319       1,259,528         580,033         530,000
                Structure products                        1,052,067       1,050,000              —               —
                Currency forward contracts                    4,234             N/A              —               —


                                                          2,347,620                         580,033


                Contingent consideration receivables        289,458             N/A         298,508              N/A

              Restricted bank deposits, time deposits and bank balances

              The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with restricted bank deposits, time
              deposits and bank balances since they are substantially deposited at state-owned banks and other
              medium or large-sized banks. Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses
              from non-performance by these counterparties.

              Trade receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers

              For trade receivables and contract assets, apart from credit-impaired receivables (including those
              property developers faced with liquidity pressures), the Group has large number of customers and there
              was no concentration of credit risk. The Group has monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
              action is taken to recover overdue debts.

              In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on credit-impaired trade
              receivables individually. Except for the credit-impaired trade debtors, which are assessed for impairment
              individually, the remaining trade receivables and contract assets are grouped based on shared credit
              risk characteristics by reference to the aging of outstanding balances.

              The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk
              characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore
              concluded that the expected loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss
              rates for the contract assets.

              The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL on non-credit impaired trade receivables
              and contract assets prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss
              provision for trade receivables and contract assets.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025       119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
           4.1    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

                        Trade receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers (Continued)

                        The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets,
                        which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                                             Gross carrying
                                                                                      12m or                                    amount
                                                                                      lifetime ECL                            2025          2024
                                                         Notes                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000

                          Trade receivables                 27         (Note 1)       Lifetime ECL —                      19,685,898         17,462,704
                                                                                         not credit-impaired
                                                                                         (collective assessment)

                                                                       (Note 2)       Lifetime ECL —                       3,052,195          3,681,428
                                                                                         credit-impaired

                                                                                                                          22,738,093         21,144,132

                          Contact assets                    24         (Note 3)       Lifetime ECL —                            3,784             73,320
                                                                                         not credit-impaired
                                                                                         (collective assessment)

                        Notes:

                        (1)      The expected loss rates for the non-credit impaired trade receivables are based on the payment profiles of sales
                                 over a period of 5 years before 31 December 2025 (2024: 5 years) and the corresponding historical credit losses
                                 experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information
                                 on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has identified
                                 China consumer price Index and unemployment rates to be the most relevant factors and accordingly adjusts the
                                 historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.

                                 The loss allowance provision for non-credit impaired trade receivables was determined as follows:

                                                                            Up to 1      1 to 2      2 to 3      3 to 4     4 to 5       Over 5
                                                                              year       years       years       years      years         years        Total


                                  Trade receivables
                                  At 31 December 2025
                                  Expected loss rate                          1.3%        6.3%       19.6%       39.1%      54.0%       100.0%
                                  Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)        11,776,141   3,880,130   1,878,651   1,386,396    484,961      279,619   19,685,898
                                  Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)        158,127     243,784     368,962     541,885    261,804      279,619    1,854,181

                                                                            Up to 1      1 to 2      2 to 3      3 to 4      4 to 5      Over 5
                                                                               year      years       years       years       years        years        Total


                                  Trade receivables
                                  At 31 December 2024
                                  Expected loss rate                          0.9%        4.4%       17.7%      37.0%       51.9%       100.0%
                                  Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)        11,334,376   3,526,093   1,721,666    559,443     219,322      101,804   17,462,704
                                  Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)        100,713     153,459     304,728    206,853     113,721      101,804      981,278




120   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

              Trade receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers (Continued)

              Notes: (Continued)

              (2)   For credit impaired trade receivables at 31 December 2025 management of the Group evaluated the distribution
                    of expected cash flows under multiple scenarios based on historical credit loss experience business model
                    current situations and forecasts of future conditions of contract counterparties under different scenarios and
                    made corresponding allowances according to expected credit losses rate and the related probability weight under
                    different scenarios. For credit impaired trade receivables allowances amounting to RMB2,077,096,000 (2024:
                    RMB2,473,482,000) of which RMB1,572,946,000 (2024: RMB1,886,053,000) were made against the gross amounts
                    of trade receivables from related parties and RMB504,150,000 (2024: RMB587,429,000) were made against third-
                    party customers respectively.


              (3)   As at 31 December 2025 the Group has assessed that the ECL for contract assets was immaterial and therefore no
                    ECL for contract assets was recognised as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: nil).


              The loss allowance provision for trade receivables reconciles to the opening loss allowance for that
              provision as follows:

                                                                                                 2025                    2024
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000

                At 1 January                                                                  3,454,760              3,132,683
                Provision for loss allowance recognised in profit or loss
                  (net of reversal) (note 9)                                                  1,191,397                 525,783
                Decrease by the disposal of subsidiaries                                       (102,975)                     —
                Receivables written off as uncollectable                                       (611,905)               (203,706)


                At 31 December                                                                3,931,277              3,454,760

              As at 31 December 2025 the gross carrying amount of trade receivables was RMB22,738,093,000
              (2024: RMB21,144,132,000) and thus the maximum exposure to loss was RMB18,806,816,000 (2024:
              RMB17,689,372,000).

              The Group writes off trade receivables or contract assets when there is information indicating that the
              debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
           4.1    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

                        Other receivables

                        For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the
                        recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience,
                        and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking
                        information.

                        The credit risks of other receivables are managed through an internal process. The credit quality of each
                        counterparty is investigated before credit is granted. The Group also actively monitors the outstanding
                        amounts owed by each debtor and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to reduce the
                        risk of a credit related loss. The Group reviews the recoverable amount of these receivables at the end
                        of each reporting period. Details of the quantitative disclosures of ECL on other receivables are set out
                        below in this note.

                        Other receivables (excluding prepayments) mainly included payments on behalf of property owners,
                        deposits, loans to third parties pledged by equities, loans to related parties, receivables from finance
                        leases and others.

                        The following table presents the credit risk exposure of other receivables (excluding prepayments).
                        Without considering guarantee or any other credit enhancement measures, the maximum credit risk
                        exposure of other receivables (excluding prepayments) is presented as the gross carrying amount.

                                                                  At 31 December 2025                    At 31 December 2024
                                                              Gross                      Loss       Gross                         Loss
                                                            carrying     Expected allowance       carrying      Expected     allowance
                                                            amount        loss rate  provision    amount         loss rate    provision
                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000     RMB’000                     RMB’000

                         Stage 1 (See note 44.9)
                         Deposits                           523,481         1.0%         5,246    505,457          1.3%          6,584
                         Payments on behalf of
                           property owner                  1,263,286        1.3%       16,386     962,054          0.8%          7,748
                         Loans to third parties pledged
                           by equities                        83,733        4.4%        3,668      85,849          3.8%          3,297
                         Loans to related parties          1,000,000           —           —           —              —             —
                         Receivables from finance leases     153,338           —           —      339,686             —             —
                         Others                              841,386        2.0%       16,708     807,730          1.9%         15,602

                                                           3,865,224                   42,008    2,700,776                      33,231

                         Stage 3 (See note 44.9)
                         Loans to third parties pledged
                           by equities                     1,100,000      49.2%       540,838    1,100,000        25.9%        284,801
                         Others                              149,448          —            —       180,457            —             —

                                                           1,249,448                  540,838    1,280,457                     284,801

                                                           5,114,672                  582,846    3,981,233                     318,032




122   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

              Other receivables (Continued)

              The loss allowance provision for other receivables (excluding prepayments) reconciles to the opening
              loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

                At 1 January                                                            318,032              220,135
                Provision for loss allowance recognised
                  in profit or loss (note 9)                                            264,814                97,897


                At 31 December                                                          582,846              318,032

              As at 31 December 2025 the gross carrying amount of other receivables (excluding prepayments)
              was RMB5,114,672,000 (2024: RMB3,981,233,000) and thus the maximum exposure to loss was
              RMB4,531,826,000 (2024: RMB3,663,201,000).

              Loan receivables from related parties

              The management estimates the estimated loss rates of loan receivable from related parties on an
              individual assessment basis based on historical credit loss experience of the related parties as well
              as the fair value of the collateral pledged. Based on assessment by the management, the loss given
              default is minimal in view of the estimated realised amount of ultimate disposal of the collaterals. The
              management of the Group considers the ECL for loan receivables from related parties is insignificant
              and therefore no loss allowance was recognised. See note 27(d) for more details.

              Financial guarantee contracts

              At the end of the reporting period, the management has performed impairment assessment on the
              financial guarantee contract issued by a subsidiary of the Group prior to the business acquisition of this
              subsidiary, and concluded that the guarantee was defaulted. Accordingly, the loss allowance for this
              financial guarantee contract is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. Details of the financial
              guarantee contracts are set out in this note and note 43.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025       123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
           4.1    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  4.1.2 Liquidity risk

                        To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
                        deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
                        fluctuations in cash flows.

                        The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on
                        the remaining period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
                        contractual undiscounted cash flows and include interest, if applicable.

                                                              Weighted      On demand                                                    Total
                                                                average     or less than                                   Over 5 undiscounted        Carrying
                                                           interest rate          1 year   1 to 2 years   2 to 5 years      years     cashflow         amount
                                                                      %        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000


                         At 31 December 2025
                         Trade and other payables
                           (excluding payroll payables,
                           contingent considerations
                           for business combinations
                           and other taxes payables)                N/A      15,798,490             —              —           —      15,798,490     15,798,490
                         Lease liabilities                           4.3        228,788        222,788        410,794     604,779      1,467,149      1,166,484
                         Bank and other borrowings                   4.4        440,101        109,819        861,934     483,197      1,895,051      1,626,779


                         Total                                               16,467,379        332,607      1,272,728    1,087,976    19,160,690     18,591,753

                                                               Weighted     On demand                                                        Total
                                                                average     or less than                                   Over 5    undiscounted      Carrying
                                                            interest rate         1 year   1 to 2 years   2 to 5 years      years        cashflow      amount
                                                                       %      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                         At 31 December 2024
                         Trade and other payables
                           (excluding payroll payables,
                           contingent considerations for
                           business combinations and
                           other taxes payables)                    N/A      14,655,457              –              –            –    14,655,457     14,655,457
                         Lease liabilities                          4.5         323,345        283,105        688,698    1,315,751     2,610,899      1,929,959
                         Bank and other borrowings                  4.3         371,260         57,305        102,546      542,485     1,073,596        870,256


                         Total                                               15,350,062        340,410        791,244    1,858,236    18,339,952     17,455,672




124   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         4.1.2 Liquidity risk (Continued)

              Regarding to the financial guarantee contracts the maximum amounts that the Group could be
              required to settle under the arrangement for the full guaranteed amount are RMB1,128,000,000 and
              RMB1,104,676,000 for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 respectively if that amount
              is claimed by the counterparty to the guarantee. Based on the ECL assessment of the Group at
              31 December 2025 the loss allowance for the financial guarantee contract issued by the Group is
              measured at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL of RMB129,949,000 (2024: RMB46,635,000). Details
              of the financial guarantee contracts are set out in this note and note 43.

         4.1.3 Foreign exchange risk

              The Group’s businesses are principally conducted in RMB. The majority of its assets is denominated
              in RMB. The majority of its non-RMB assets are bank deposits denominated in Hong Kong Dollar
              (“HKD”) and United States Dollar (“USD”). The Group is subject to foreign exchange risk arising from
              future commercial transactions and recognised assets which are denominated in non-RMB and net
              investment in foreign operations.

              The aggregated carrying amount of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets of the Group at
              the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000

                Assets
                HKD                                                               2,108,763              172,271
                USD                                                               1,276,539            4,047,074
                Other currencies                                                          –              126,018

                                                                                  3,385,302            4,345,363

              Sensitivity analysis

              The following table shows the sensitivity analysis of a 5% change in RMB against the HKD and USD,
              respectively. The sensitivity analysis includes only foreign currency denominated monetary items
              and adjusts their translation at the year-end for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. Should RMB
              strengthened/weakened by 5% against the HKD and USD, the effects on the post-tax profit or loss for
              the year would be as follows:

                                                                                 Change of profit or loss
                                                                                  (decrease)/increase
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

                RMB against HKD:
                Strengthened by 5%                                                   (79,079)              (6,460)
                Weakened by 5%                                                        79,079                6,460

                RMB against USD:
                Strengthened by 5%                                                   (47,870)            (151,765)
                Weakened by 5%                                                        47,870              151,765



                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
           4.1    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  4.1.4 Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                        The Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly attributable to its borrowings (note 35) and
                        lease liabilities (note 17). Borrowings carried at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest-
                        rate risk whereas those borrowings and lease liabilities carried at fixed rates expose the Group to fair
                        value interest-rate risk.

                        The Group currently does not use any interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk.
                        However, the Group will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

                        The exposure of the Group’s borrowings (note 35) and lease liabilities (note 17) to interest rate changes
                        and the contractual re-pricing dates of the borrowings and lease liabilities at the end of the reporting
                        period are as follows:

                                                                             2025                            2024
                                                                                  % of total                         % of total
                                                                    RMB’000      borrowings          RMB’000        borrowings

                         Variable rate borrowings                    356,632             22%          361,814             42%
                         Fixed rate borrowings                     1,270,147             78%          508,442             58%


                                                                   1,626,779            100%          870,256            100%


                         Lease liabilities                         1,166,484                        1,929,959

                        Sensitivity analysis

                        The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
                        end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at
                        the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year.

                        As at 31 December 2025 borrowings of the Group which were bearing at floating rates amounted to
                        approximately RMB356,632,000 (2024: RMB361,814,000). As at 31 December 2025 if the interest
                        rates had been 50 basis point higher/lower and all other variables were held constant the Group’s post-
                        tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 would have been approximately RMB1,337,000 (2024:
                        RMB1,357,000) lower/higher.




126   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.2   Capital risk management

         The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
         concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
         optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from
         prior year.

         In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
         shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

         The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
         total capital. Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital
         is calculated as ‘equity’ as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position plus net debt.

         As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group has a net cash position.

   4.3   Fair value estimation

         Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In
         estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments
         with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group assesses their fair value or engages third party
         qualified valuers to perform the valuation.

         (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair
               value on a recurring basis

               Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of
               each reporting period. The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value,
               by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as
               follows:

               •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

               •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                     either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

               •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                     inputs) (level 3).




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
           4.3    Fair value estimation (Continued)

                  (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair
                        value on a recurring basis (Continued)

                        Fair value hierarchy

                                                                    Level 1    Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                         At 31 December 2025
                         Financial assets
                         Financial assets at FVPL
                            (include contingent consideration
                            receivable)                                  —           —      2,637,078      2,637,078
                         Financial assets at FVOCI                   29,228          —        423,173        452,401


                         Total financial assets                      29,228          —      3,060,251      3,089,479


                         Financial liabilities
                         Financial liabilities at FVPL (note 33)         —           —         94,216         94,216

                                                                    Level 1    Level 2        Level 3         Total
                                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

                         At 31 December 2024
                         Financial assets
                         Financial assets at FVPL
                            (include contingent consideration
                            receivable)                                  —           —        878,541        878,541
                         Financial assets at FVOCI                   14,053          —        542,687        556,740


                         Total financial assets                      14,053          —      1,421,228      1,435,281


                         Financial liabilities
                         Financial liabilities at FVPL (note 33)         —           —        118,235        118,235




128   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

         (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair
               value on a recurring basis (Continued)

               Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value

               The following table summarises the quantitative information about valuation techniques and inputs
               (including the significant unobservable inputs used in level 3) used in fair value measurements of
               financial assets at FVOCI and financial assets at FVPL:

                                                                       Valuation                                Relationship of
                                                   Fair value at       technique(s)                             unobservable inputs to
                Financial assets             31/12/2025     31/12/2024 and key inputs (s)                       fair value
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

                Listed equity                    29,228        14,053 Quoted price in an active market          N/A
                   securities

                Unlisted equity securities      423,173       542,687 Price-to-earning ratio                    The higher the price-to-
                                                                                                                  earnings ratio, the higher
                                                                                                                  the fair value

                                                                          Price-to-sales ratio                  The higher the price-to-
                                                                                                                  sales ratio, the higher the
                                                                                                                  fair value

                Wealth management             1,291,319       580,033 Quoted value from financial institutions The higher the expected
                 products                                              based on expected return with             return, the higher the fair
                                                                       reference to underlying investment        value

                Structure products            1,052,067             — Quoted value from financial institutions The higher the expected
                                                                       based on expected return as               return, the higher the fair
                                                                       stipulated in relevant contracts with     value
                                                                       the counterparties

                Currency forward                  4,234             — Quoted value from financial institutions The higher the fluctuation
                  contracts                                            based on expected exchange rate           of the exchange rate, the
                                                                       as stipulated in relevant contracts       higher the fair value
                                                                       with the counterparties

                Contingent consideration        289,458       298,508 The fair value of contingent              The better the financial
                  receivables                                           consideration is determined by            performance of the
                                                                        reference to the considerations           subsidiaries, the lower
                                                                        as stipulated in the equity transfer      the fair value
                                                                        agreements and the expected
                                                                        financial performance of the
                                                                        subsidiaries

                Contingent consideration        (94,216)      (118,235)                                         The better the financial
                  payables                                                                                        performance of the
                                                                                                                  subsidiaries, the higher
                                                                                                                  the fair value




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025            129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
           4.3    Fair value estimation (Continued)

                  (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair
                          value on a recurring basis (Continued)

                          Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value (Continued)

                          The financial assets/liabilities subsequently measured at fair value on Level 3 fair value measurement
                          represent contingent consideration receivables/payables relating to the various business combination
                          in prior years, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2025, net gain of RMB7,535,000 (2024:
                          net gain of RMB531,876,000) relating to the contingent consideration receivables/payables has been
                          recognised in profit or loss.

                  (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31 December 2025:

                                                                                  Financial
                                                                                  assets at
                                                                                      FVPL
                                                                                   (include
                                                                                contingent           Financial
                                                                              consideration          assets at
                                                                               receivables)             FVOCI
                                                                                  (note 25)          (note 23)           Total
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


                           Balance at 1 January 2024                                 807,724         4,302,405         5,110,129
                           Additions                                               3,052,900                —          3,052,900
                           Disposals                                              (3,262,297)       (3,856,644)       (7,118,941)
                           Fair value changes                                        280,214            96,926           377,140


                           Balance at 31 December 2024
                             and 1 January 2025                                      878,541           542,687         1,421,228
                           Additions                                               7,418,083                —          7,418,083
                           Disposals                                              (5,712,565)               —         (5,712,565)
                           Fair value changes                                         53,019          (119,514)          (66,495)


                           Balance at 31 December 2025                             2,637,078           423,173        3,060,251

                          There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year.

                  (iii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
                          value on a recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

                          The Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in
                          the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




130   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




5. Key sources of estimation uncertainty
   In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the management of the Company are required to make
   judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
   apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
   other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

   The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
   are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
   of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

   Key sources of estimation uncertainty

   The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
   end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
   assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

   (a)   Expected credit losses on trade receivables

         The Group makes allowances on trade receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and expected
         loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
         calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates
         at the end of each reporting period. Specifically,

         —     for credit-impaired trade receivables, the Group evaluated the distribution of expected cash flows under
               multiple scenarios based on experience of historical credit loss, business model, current situations
               and forecasts of future conditions of contract counterparties under different scenarios, and made
               corresponding loss allowance according to expected credit loss rate and the related probability weight
               under different scenarios. ECL were recognised on an individual basis and loss allowances were made
               on an individual basis.

         —     For non-credit impaired trade receivables, the Group assessed the ECL of these trade receivables
               collectively by grouping the debtors based on their shared credit risk characteristics and aging periods,
               and based on the assumptions about risk of default and expected credit loss rates. The Group used
               judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment of ECL calculation,
               based on the Group’s past history, aging profile of the trade receivables, existing market conditions as
               well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.

         As at 31 December 2025, the aggregate carrying amount of trade receivables was RMB18,806,816,000
         (2024: RMB17,689,372,000), after taking into account accumulated impairment losses of RMB3,931,277,000
         (2024: RMB3,454,760,000).

   (b)   Goodwill impairment assessment

         For the purposes of goodwill impairment assessment, management assessed the impairment of goodwill
         by determining the recoverable amounts of the CGU based on higher of fair value less costs of disposal
         (“FVLCOD”) and value in use. The goodwill impairment assessment calculations use cash flow projections
         based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period. Significant judgments and
         estimates were involved in the goodwill impairment assessment. These significant judgments and estimates
         include the adoption of appropriate valuation model and methodology and the use of key assumptions in
         the valuation, which primarily include revenue growth rates, gross profit margins, EBITDA margins, terminal
         growth rate and discount rates. The use of key assumptions in the fair value calculation primarily includes
         price-to-earnings ratio, discount for lack of marketability. See note 19 for more details.


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      6. Revenue and segment information
           Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief operating
           decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of
           the operating segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company.

           The Group was principally engaged in the provision of property management services, community value-
           added services, value-added services to non-property owners, water, electricity and heat supplies and property
           management services under the state-owned enterprises separation and reform program (hereinafter referred to as
           “Three Supplies and Property Management”), environmental business and commercial operational services in
           the PRC.

           Due to the reorganisation of the business units and change in internal reporting during the fiscal year 2025, the
           Group identified the following four operating segments, which were used to make strategic decisions by the
           CODM. The change in segment reporting was reflected retrospectively and is presented in the note 6.

           —      Property management and related services other than Three Supplies and Property Management business,
                  which include property management services, community value-added services, value-added services to
                  non-property owners and others (the “Property Management Services Business”);

           —      Three Supplies and Property Management business;

           —      Environmental business (the main businesses of the former city services business), which include sanitation,
                  cleaning and sewage and waste treatment business (the “Environmental Business”); and

           —      Commercial operational services business.

           The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of operating profit,
           adjusted by excluding realised and unrealised gains from financial assets at FVPL, and including share of results of
           investments accounted for using the equity method.

           Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, other right-of-use assets, investment
           properties, intangible assets, investments accounted for using the equity method, contract assets, inventories,
           receivables, and operating cash. They exclude deferred income tax assets, financial assets at FVOCI and financial
           assets at FVPL (exclude the contingent consideration receivables). Segment liabilities consist primarily of operating
           liabilities. They exclude current and deferred income tax liabilities and bank and other borrowings.

           Capital expenditure comprises additions to property, plant and equipment, other right-of-use assets, investment
           properties and intangible assets, excluding those arising from business combinations.




132   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from provision of property management services, community value-
   added services, value-added services to non-property owners, heat supply services, environmental business and
   commercial operational services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the years ended 31 December
   2025 and 2024 was as follows:

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                   (restated)

    Revenue from property management and related services other
     than Three Supplies and Property Management business
     — Property management services                                              27,929,626          26,021,931
     — Community value-added services                                             4,416,495           4,208,053
     — Value-added services to non-property owners                                  630,253             705,223
     — Other services                                                               135,407             232,918


                                                                                 33,111,781          31,168,125


    Revenue from Three Supplies and Property Management
     business
     — Property management and other related services                             9,578,728           6,539,290
     — Heat supply services                                                       1,687,537           1,616,953


                                                                                 11,266,265           8,156,243


    Revenue from environmental business                                           3,355,305           4,041,529


    Revenue from commercial operational services business                           620,397             626,992


                                                                                 48,353,748          43,992,889

   The Group has a large number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue
   during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

   Sales between segments are carried out on terms agreed upon by the respective segments’ management.

   Nearly 100% of the Group’s revenue is attributable to the markets in Chinese Mainland and nearly 100% of the
   Group’s non-current assets are located in Chinese Mainland. No geographical information is therefore presented.

   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately
   8.8% (2024: 8.2%) of the total revenue while the largest customer of the Group accounted for approximately 5.1%
   (2024: 6.6%) of the total revenue.

   As at 31 December 2025, the five largest customers mentioned above of the Group accounted for approximately
   10.3% (2024: 17.2%) of the total trade receivables while the largest customer mentioned above of the Group
   accounted for approximately 1.0% (2024: 2.6%) of the total trade receivables.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025     133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
           (a)    Contract liabilities

                  The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

                    Contract liabilities
                    Property management services                                                  6,655,706         6,700,127
                    Community value-added services                                                  492,567           435,230
                    Value-added services to non-property owners                                      39,378           110,108
                    Three Supplies and Property Management
                      — Property management and other related services                              897,313           226,141
                      — Heat supply services                                                        640,615           636,948
                    Environmental business                                                            7,062             5,292
                    Commercial operational services                                                 145,251           131,469

                                                                                                  8,877,892         8,245,315

                  As at 1 January 2024, contract liabilities amounted to RMB7,591,490,000.

                  (i)    Significant changes in contract liabilities

                         Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while the
                         underlying services are yet to be provided. Such liabilities increased as a result of the growth of the
                         Group’s business during the year.

                  (ii)   Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities

                         The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to brought-
                         forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (restated)

                          Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
                            liability balance at the beginning of the year
                            Property management services                                          6,428,246         5,806,783
                            Community value-added services                                          435,230           440,569
                            Value-added services to non-property owners                             110,108            65,084
                            Three Supplies and Property Management Services
                               — Property management and other related services                     201,277           145,272
                               — Heat supply services                                               636,948           647,074
                            Environmental business                                                    5,292             7,398
                            Commercial operational services                                         131,469           129,484

                                                                                                  7,948,570         7,241,664



134   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   (a)   Contract liabilities (Continued)

         (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations

                 For property management services, value-added services to non-property owners, heat supply
                 services, environmental business and commercial operational services, the Group recognises revenue
                 in the amount that equals to the right to invoice which corresponds directly with the value to the
                 customer of the Group’s performance to date, on a monthly basis. The Group has elected the practical
                 expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these type of contracts. The
                 term of the contracts for value-added services to non-property owners is generally set to expire when
                 the counterparties notify the Group that the services are no longer required.

                 For community value-added services, they are rendered in short period of time and there is immaterial
                 unsatisfied performance obligation at the end of respective periods.

         (iv)    Assets recognised from incremental costs to obtain a contract

                 During the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no incremental costs to obtain a contract (2024:
                 nil).

   (b)   Segment information

         The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2025 is as follows:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                         Property
                                                    management
                                                      and related
                                                   services other
                                                      than Three
                                                    Supplies and    Three Supplies                     Commercial
                                                         Property     and Property                      operational
                                                    Management       Management       Environmental       services
                                                        business          business         business       business       Total
                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


           Revenue from contracts with customers      33,112,584        11,269,903        3,361,642        463,976    48,208,105
           Recognised over time                       31,200,331        10,497,017        3,152,809        459,983    45,310,140
           Recognised at a point time                  1,912,253           772,886          208,833          3,993     2,897,965


           Revenue from other source                          —                 —                —         156,733      156,733
           Rental income                                      —                 —                —         156,733      156,733


           Total segment revenue                      33,112,584        11,269,903        3,361,642        620,709    48,364,838


           Less: inter-segment revenue                      (803)           (3,638)          (6,337)          (312)      (11,090)


           Revenue from external customers            33,111,781        11,266,265        3,355,305        620,397    48,353,748


           Segment results                               956,798          130,219          (172,305)        11,854      926,566



                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025       135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
           (b)    Segment information (Continued)

                  The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2025 is as follows:
                  (Continued)

                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                              Property
                                                                         management
                                                                           and related
                                                                        services other
                                                                           than Three
                                                                         Supplies and    Three Supplies                         Commercial
                                                                              Property     and Property                          operational
                                                                         Management       Management        Environmental          services
                                                                             business          business          business          business       Total
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Share of results of investments accounted
                     for using the equity method                              (49,753)         (10,665)             10,730               —        (49,688)
                   Depreciation and amortisation charges                    1,275,454          201,680             408,139          113,286     1,998,559
                   Net impairment losses on financial and
                     contract assets                                        1,312,763           (4,281)            190,147           40,896     1,539,525
                   Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets              —                —              968,891               —        968,891
                   Capital expenditure                                      1,091,538          258,285             225,676           31,807     1,607,306

                                                                                                          At 31 December 2025
                                                                              Property
                                                                         management
                                                                           and related
                                                                        services other
                                                                           than Three
                                                                         Supplies and    Three Supplies                         Commercial
                                                                              Property     and Property                          operational
                                                                         Management       Management        Environmental          services
                                                                             business          business          business          business       Total
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Segment assets                                          54,641,653         5,269,948          6,353,569        1,290,968    67,556,138


                   Investments accounted for using the equity method          338,828           20,916              37,143               —       396,887


                   Segment liabilities                                     21,470,516         4,757,772          2,345,410        1,348,490    29,922,188




136   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   (b)   Segment information (Continued)

         The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2024 (restated)
                                                                     Property
                                                                management
                                                                 and related
                                                               services other
                                                                  than Three
                                                                Supplies and    Three Supplies                        Commercial
                                                                     Property     and Property                         operational
                                                                Management       Management       Environmental           services
                                                                    business          business         business          business        Total
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

          Revenue from contracts with customers                  31,169,939         8,156,680        4,047,078           491,482     43,865,179
          Recognised over time                                   29,953,170         7,156,915        3,933,814           483,342     41,527,241
          Recognised at a point time                              1,216,769           999,765          113,264             8,140      2,337,938

          Revenue from other source                                       —                 —                —           182,675       182,675
          Rental income                                                   —                 —                —           182,675       182,675


          Total segment revenue                                  31,169,939         8,156,680        4,047,078           674,157     44,047,854

          Less: inter-segment revenue                                 (1,814)            (437)           (5,549)          (47,165)      (54,965)

          Revenue from external customers                        31,168,125         8,156,243        4,041,529           626,992     43,992,889

          Segment results                                         2,327,834            83,992          192,018            73,001      2,676,845

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2024 (restated)
                                                                     Property
                                                                management
                                                                 and related
                                                               services other
                                                                  than Three
                                                                Supplies and    Three Supplies                        Commercial
                                                                     Property     and Property                         operational
                                                                Management       Management       Environmental           services
                                                                    business          business         business          business        Total
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

          Share of results of investments accounted
            for using the equity method                              (12,616)           (4,127)          5,174                 9         (11,560)
          Depreciation and amortisation charges                   1,363,763           149,838          360,895           114,013      1,988,509
          Net impairment losses on financial and
            contract assets                                         617,042             9,322           34,805             2,548        663,717
          Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets             —                 —           990,000                —         990,000
          Capital expenditure                                     1,331,305           236,244          147,412           418,113      2,133,074




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
           (b)    Segment information (Continued)

                  The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2024 is as follows:
                  (Continued)

                                                                                                  At 31 December 2024 (restated)
                                                                             Property
                                                                        management
                                                                         and related
                                                                       services other
                                                                          than Three
                                                                        Supplies and    Three Supplies                         Commercial
                                                                             Property     and Property                          operational
                                                                        Management       Management        Environmental           services
                                                                            business          business          business          business            Total
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


                   Segment assets                                        55,827,060         4,066,678         6,517,097            2,576,679      68,987,514


                   Investments accounted for using the equity method        400,857           105,492            26,898                 250         533,497


                   Segment liabilities                                   20,558,325         3,674,309         2,394,830            2,371,598      28,999,062

                  A reconciliation of segment results to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Segment results                                                                                    926,566                   2,676,845
                   Realised and unrealised gains/(losses) from financial assets
                      at FVPL (note 8)                                                                                 53,019                     (18,294)
                   Finance income – net (note 11)                                                                     139,044                      48,155


                   Profit before income tax                                                                         1,118,629                   2,706,706

                  A reconciliation of segment assets to total assets is provided as follows:

                                                                                                                     At 31 December
                                                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

                   Segment assets                                                                                 67,556,138                   68,987,514
                   Deferred income tax assets                                                                      1,484,150                    1,130,244
                   Financial assets at FVOCI (note 23)                                                               452,401                      556,740
                   Financial assets at FVPL (exclude contingent consideration
                      receivables)                                                                                  2,347,620                    580,033


                   Total assets                                                                                   71,840,309                   71,254,531



138   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   (b)   Segment information (Continued)

         A reconciliation of segment liabilities to total liabilities is provided as follows:

                                                                                                  At 31 December
                                                                                                    2025            2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000

          Segment liabilities                                                                   29,922,188         28,999,062
          Deferred income tax liabilities                                                        1,318,472          1,598,912
          Current income tax liabilities                                                           622,333            707,579
          Bank and other borrowings                                                              1,626,779            870,256


          Total liabilities                                                                     33,489,772         32,175,809

   (c)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition

         The Group provides property management services, community value-added services, value-added services
         to non-property owners, heat supply services, environmental business and commercial operational services.
         Revenue from providing services is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered.
         At contract inception, the Group evaluates whether the contracts meet the criteria under HKFRS 15 para
         9, especially whether it is probable that the Group will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in
         exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. In evaluating whether collectability
         of an amount of consideration is probable, the Group consider the customer’s ability and intention to pay that
         amount of consideration when it is due. If the contract does not meet the criteria at inception, or subsequently
         a customer’s ability to pay the consideration deteriorates significantly and the Group conclude that it is
         not probable that the Group will collect the consideration to which they will be entitled in exchange for the
         remaining goods or services that will be transferred to the customer, the Group recognise the consideration
         received as revenue only if the Group has no remaining obligations to transfer goods or services to the
         customer and all, or substantially all, of the consideration promised by the customer has been received by
         the entity and is non-refundable, or the contract has been terminated and the consideration received from
         the customer is non-refundable. For contract that meets such criteria and revenue is recognised but the
         corresponding consideration is not yet fully settled at the time, the credit risk of the collection is considered in
         impairment assessment (note 4.1.1).

         For property management services, heat supply services, environmental business and commercial
         operational services, the Group bills a fixed amount for services provided on a monthly basis and recognises as
         revenue in the amount to which the Group has a right to invoice and that corresponds directly with the value
         of performance completed.

         For property management services income from properties managed under lump sum basis, where the
         Group acts as principal and is primary responsible for providing the property management services to the
         property owners, the Group recognises the fee received or receivable from property owners as its revenue
         and all related property management costs as its cost of sales. For property management services income from
         properties managed under commission basis, the Group recognises the commission, which is calculated by
         certain percentage of the total property management fee received or receivable from the property units, as its
         revenue for arranging and monitoring the services as provided by other suppliers to the property owners.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
           (c)    Accounting policies of revenue recognition (Continued)

                  Value-added services to non-property owners mainly include consultancy services to property developers
                  or other property management companies, cleaning, greening, repair and maintenance services, sales of
                  goods, leasing agency services for unsold parking spaces and properties to property developers at the pre-
                  delivery stage, and agency sales for parking spaces and unsold properties. The Group agrees the price for
                  each service with the customers upfront and issue the monthly bill to the customers which varies based on
                  the actual level of service completed in that month.

                  Community value-added services mainly include home living services, home decoration intermediate services,
                  real estate brokerage services, community media services, local life services, community area services,
                  insurance brokerage services and sales of goods. Revenue from sales of goods is recognised at the point
                  in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, generally on the acceptance of the goods
                  by the customer. Revenue from brokerage services is recognised at the point in time when the services are
                  rendered and accepted by the customers. Revenue from the other services is recognised when the related
                  community value-added services are rendered.

                  Payment of the transaction is due immediately when the community value-added services are rendered to
                  the customer.

                  Environmental business mainly includes road cleaning services, garbage collection services, waste treatment
                  services and sales of goods. The Group also provides construction services under service concession
                  arrangements. Revenue from the construction services is recognised over time as the Group’s performance
                  creates or enhances an asset or work in progress that the customer controls as the asset is created or
                  enhanced.

                  Commercial operational services mainly include tenant management, rent collection services and other value-
                  added services. The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood centers, commercial blocks, specialised
                  markets and other projects with full-chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing,
                  operation and planning services, mainly including (i) conducting commercial operation and management
                  of the properties owned by leasing developers or property owners; (ii) providing property market research
                  and positioning services at the investment stage of property developers; (iii) providing market research and
                  positioning, business planning consulting, tenant solicitation and opening preparation services to property
                  developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties; and (iv) providing tenant
                  solicitation, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of property
                  operation.

                  When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the statement of financial
                  position as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the Group’s
                  performance and the customer’s payment.

                  A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has transferred
                  to a customer. Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalised and presented as
                  assets and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.

                  If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional,
                  before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the contract as a contract liability
                  when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A contract liability is the
                  Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or
                  an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. A receivable is recorded when the Group has an
                  unconditional right to consideration. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is
                  required before payment of that consideration is due.

140   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




7. Other income
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

    Government subsidy income                                                          108,182              136,369
    Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI                                      34,839               76,017
    Late payment charges                                                                33,479               42,027


                                                                                       176,500              254,413


8. Other (losses)/gains – net
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

    Losses on disposals of subsidiaries (note 39)                                       (91,569)             (38,589)
    (Losses)/gains from the change of sublease contracts (a)                            (10,950)              78,652
    Gains/(losses) on early termination of lease contracts (b)                           27,375                (4,861)
    Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                 (49,526)              51,251
    Realised and unrealised gains/(losses) from financial assets at FVPL                 53,019              (18,294)
    (Losses)/gains on disposals of investments accounted for using
      the equity method                                                                    (338)               4,009
    Losses on disposals of property, plant and equipment,
      and investment properties                                                         (32,167)             (25,689)
    Gains on fair value changes of contingent considerations                              7,535             531,876
    Others                                                                              (93,111)             (93,633)


                                                                                      (189,732)             484,722

   (a)   In 2025, the Group signed certain sublease contracts of properties with third parties, and recognised a net
         loss of RMB10,950,000 (2024: net gain of RMB78,652,000) resulting from the differences of the recognition
         of finance lease receivables and the derecognition of investment properties.

   (b)   In 2025, the Group has early terminated certain property lease contracts. Such termination resulted in
         derecognition of other right-of-use assets of RMB17,461,000 (2024: RMB25,490,000) (note 17), investment
         properties of RMB578,401,000 (2024: RMB68,846,000), receivables from finance leases of RMB180,599,000
         (2024: RMB31,890,000) and lease liabilities of RMB803,836,000 (2024: RMB121,366,000) (note 36(d)),
         resulting the gains of early termination of lease contracts recognised in other gains of RMB27,375,000 (2024:
         other losses of RMB4,861,000).




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025    141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      9. Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

             Impairment loss recognised on:
               — trade receivables                                                             1,191,397              525,783
               — other receivables                                                               264,814               97,897
               — financial guarantee contracts (note 43)                                          83,314               40,037


                                                                                               1,539,525              663,717

           Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 4.1.1.

      10. Employee benefit expenses
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

             Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                      15,723,622          14,143,110
             Housing funds, medical insurances and other social security costs                   881,608             844,938
             Pension costs – defined contribution plans (a)                                      675,403             656,043
             Share options granted to directors and employee                                     183,123             123,265
             Other benefits                                                                      698,601             620,486


                                                                                              18,162,357          16,387,842

           (a)    Pension costs – defined contribution plan

                  A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
                  fund. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not
                  hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior
                  periods.

                  The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution benefit plans organised by the
                  relevant governmental authorities. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have
                  been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due. Assets of the
                  plans are held and managed by government authorities and are separated from those of the Group.




142   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




10. Employee benefit expenses (Continued)
   (b)   Five highest paid individuals

         The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group included 2 directors for the year ended
         31 December 2025 (2024: 2 directors), whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in note 42.
         The emoluments payable to the remaining 3 individuals (2024: 3 individuals) are as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

          Basic salaries, housing allowances, share options,
            other allowances and benefits in kind                                      25,126              19,258
          Contribution to pension scheme                                                  226                 155

                                                                                       25,352              19,413

         The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2025            2024

          Emolument bands (in HKD)
          4,500,001–5,000,000                                                                –                   2
          6,000,001–6,500,000                                                                2                   –
          11,500,001–12,000,000                                                              –                   1
          14,500,001–15,000,000                                                              1                   –

                                                                                             3                   3

         No incentive payment for joining the Group or compensation for loss of office was paid or payable to any of
         the five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

11. Finance income – net
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

    Finance income:
    Interest income on bank deposits                                                  246,294             217,255
    Interest income on loan receivables from related parties                           19,167                   –

                                                                                      265,461             217,255

    Finance costs:
    Interest on lease liabilities                                                     (86,649)             (93,989)
    Interest on bank and other borrowings                                             (50,166)             (75,111)

    Total borrowing costs                                                            (136,815)            (169,100)
    Less: amounts capitalised in the cost of qualifying assets                         10,398                    –

                                                                                     (126,417)            (169,100)

    Finance income – net                                                              139,044              48,155




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025    143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      12. Income tax expense
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


             Current income tax
              — Provision for current income tax                                               1,162,381          1,280,405
              — Over provision in prior years                                                    (25,534)            (36,228)


                                                                                               1,136,847          1,244,177


             Deferred income tax (note 34)
              — Corporate income tax                                                            (627,231)          (415,094)
              — Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future                     10,114              3,115


                                                                                                (617,117)          (411,979)


                                                                                                 519,730            832,198

           (a)    Cayman Island income tax

                  The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the
                  Companies Act of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands income tax.

           (b)    Hong Kong profits tax

                  Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for the year.

           (c)    PRC corporate income tax

                  Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in Chinese Mainland has been calculated at
                  the applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the year, based on the existing legislation,
                  interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

                  The general corporate income tax rate in PRC is 25%. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are either
                  located in western cities or autonomous regions or qualified as “High and New Technology Enterprise” or
                  “Small and Micro Enterprises” subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15% or 5% in certain years.

           (d)    PRC withholding tax

                  According to the applicable PRC tax regulations, dividends distributed by a company established in the
                  PRC to a foreign investor with respect to profits derived after 1 January 2008 are generally subject to a
                  10% withholding income tax. If a foreign investor incorporated in Hong Kong meets the conditions and
                  requirements under the double taxation treaty arrangement entered into between the PRC and Hong Kong,
                  the relevant withholding tax rate would be reduced from 10% to 5%. The Company and its intermediate
                  subsidiaries incorporated in the BVI and Hong Kong have successfully obtained Hong Kong Tax Resident
                  Identity certificates and the applicable withholding tax rate has been reduced to 5% accordingly in 2025 and
                  2024.




144   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




12. Income tax expense (Continued)
    (e)   The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
          applicable corporate income tax rate of 25%. The difference is analysed as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

           Profit before income tax                                                    1,118,629            2,706,706
           Less: Share of results of investments accounted
                    for using the equity method                                           49,688               11,560

                                                                                       1,168,317            2,718,266

           Tax calculated at applicable corporate income tax rate
              of 25% (2024: 25%)                                                         292,079              679,567
           Effects of different tax rates applicable to
              different subsidiaries of the Group                                        (85,109)            (160,350)
           Income not subject to tax                                                      (1,375)              (12,543)
           Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                                 243,440              299,801
           Unrecognised tax losses                                                         3,828                 9,519
           Effects of tax rate change on deferred tax                                      3,826                 2,933
           Withholding income tax paid                                                    78,461                46,384
           Over provision in previous years                                              (25,534)              (36,228)

                                                                                         509,616              829,083
           Deferred income tax on withholding income tax on profits
             to be distributed                                                            10,114                3,115

                                                                                         519,730              832,198


13. Profit for the year
    Profit for the year has been arrived for after charging:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

     Employee benefit expenses (note 10)                                              18,162,357          16,387,842

     Total depreciation and amortisation charges                                       1,998,559            1,988,509

     Cost of inventories recognised as expenses                                        2,414,429            2,110,091

     Rental expenses for short-term and low-value leases                                 554,925              467,937

     Auditor’s remuneration
       — Annual audit and interim review services                                          8,100                8,200
       — Non audit services                                                                  350                  425

                                                                                           8,450                8,625


                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025     145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      14. Earnings per share
           (a)    Basic

                  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of the Company by the
                  weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025            2024


                   Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                    601,497            1,808,357
                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                     (thousands shares)                                                        3,334,173            3,338,963


                   Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                            18.04                54.16

           (b)    Diluted

                  Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                  outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Group has dilutive potential
                  ordinary shares arising from the share option schemes (note 32).

                  For the year ended 31 December 2024, the effect of the share options were anti-dilutive and therefore not
                  included in the calculation of the diluted earnings per share.

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025            2024


                   Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                    601,497            1,808,357
                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                     (thousands shares)                                                        3,334,173            3,338,963
                   Adjustments – share options schemes (thousands shares)                         17,761                   —


                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
                    diluted earnings per share (thousands shares)                              3,351,934            3,338,963


                   Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents)                                          17.94                54.16




146   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




15. Dividends
   The final dividend in respect of year ended 31 December 2024 of RMB13.52 cents (equivalent to HKD14.76
   cents) per share and a special dividend of RMB16.09 cents (equivalent to HKD17.57 cents) per share, totalling
   RMB988,945,000. Such final dividend and special dividend have been approved at the Annual General Meeting on
   23 May 2025 and was paid in cash on 29 August 2025.

   The final dividend in respect of year ended 31 December 2023 of RMB2.19 cents (equivalent to HKD2.41
   cents) per share and a special dividend of RMB27.27 cents (equivalent to HKD29.94 cents) per share, totalling
   RMB984,854,000, has been approved at the Annual General Meeting on 6 June 2024 and was paid in cash on 30
   August 2024.

   The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a 2025 final dividend of RMB4.62 cents per share and
   a special dividend of RMB41.80 cents per share, totalling approximately RMB1,511,400,000. Should the total
   number of issued shares of the Company change between the date of approval of the Group’s consolidated
   financial statements and the record date for determining entitlements of eligible shareholders to the proposed
   final dividend and special dividend (being 11 June 2026), the Board of Directors recommends that the dividend
   per share be adjusted accordingly, based on the principle that the total amount of the final dividend and special
   dividend should be approximately equivalent to and not less than RMB1,511,400,000. Therefore, the final amounts
   of the final dividend and/or special dividend per share may be adjusted.

   The eligible shareholders will be given an option to elect to receive the final dividend and special dividend wholly
   in new shares, partly in new shares and partly in cash, or wholly in cash (“Scrip Dividend Scheme”). The Scrip
   Dividend Scheme is conditional upon passing of the resolutions regarding the payment of the final dividend and
   special dividend at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, and the granting of listing of and
   permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme by the Stock Exchange. These
   financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025       147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      16. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                 Leasehold
                                                                Transportation                                Construction in improvements
                                                      Machinery     equipment       Equipment       Buildings      progress      and others       Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


             At 1 January 2024
             Cost                                        467,773     1,125,045         454,912       163,179        162,067         527,085     2,900,061
             Accumulated depreciation                   (182,777)     (402,189)       (334,779)       (15,517)           —         (307,835)   (1,243,097)


             Net book amount                            284,996        722,856        120,133        147,662        162,067         219,250    1,656,964


             Year ended 31 December 2024
             Opening net book amount                    284,996        722,856         120,133       147,662         162,067        219,250    1,656,964
             Transfer from construction in progress       38,339              —               —      155,801        (194,140)            —             —
             Acquisition of subsidiaries                  25,923             407           2,418        1,370              —             —         30,118
             Additions                                    63,436       170,164         117,393         36,988         95,734        126,576      610,291
             Disposals                                   (41,204)       (49,869)        (33,835)           —           (1,610)           —      (126,518)
             Disposals of subsidiaries                     (8,794)        (1,865)         (2,454)          —               —             —        (13,113)
             Depreciation                                (57,236)     (151,731)       (115,148)       (13,965)             —       (117,180)    (455,260)


             Closing net book amount                    305,460        689,962          88,507       327,856         62,051         228,646    1,702,482


             At 31 December 2024
             Cost                                        531,217     1,191,463         487,245       357,338         62,051         653,661     3,282,975
             Accumulated depreciation                   (225,757)     (501,501)       (398,738)       (29,482)           —         (425,015)   (1,580,493)


             Net book amount                            305,460        689,962          88,507       327,856         62,051         228,646    1,702,482


             Year ended 31 December 2025
             Opening net book amount                    305,460        689,962          88,507       327,856          62,051        228,646    1,702,482
             Transfer from construction in progress       1,856             —              984         6,521         (22,988)        13,627           —
             Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38)        1,483         71,985           5,076            —               —             485       79,029
             Additions                                   40,276        121,059          60,995        14,454          27,818        251,584      516,186
             Disposals                                   (3,505)       (38,464)         (4,485)      (20,434)             —              —       (66,888)
             Disposals of subsidiaries                   (2,133)            (6)           (725)           —               —         (22,909)     (25,773)
             Depreciation                               (75,006)      (197,185)        (69,738)      (16,753)             —        (113,222)    (471,904)


             Closing net book amount                    268,431        647,351          80,614       311,644         66,881         358,211    1,733,132


             At 31 December 2025
             Cost                                       553,178      1,282,051         527,202       352,035         66,881         896,448     3,677,795
             Accumulated depreciation                  (284,747)      (634,700)       (446,588)      (40,391)            —         (538,237)   (1,944,663)


             Net book amount                            268,431        647,351          80,614       311,644         66,881         358,211    1,733,132

           As at 31 December 2025, transportation equipment with net book amount of RMB127,359,000 (2024:
           RMB119,476,000) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank and other borrowings (note 35).




148   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




16. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
    Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
    comprehensive income:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


     Cost of sales                                                                           396,763               382,607
     General and administrative expenses                                                      75,141                72,653


                                                                                             471,904               455,260

    Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost, net of their residual values, over their
    estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements, the shorter lease term as follows:

    Buildings                                                                                                      20 years
    Machinery                                                                                                    5-15 years
    Transportation equipment                                                                                     5-10 years
    Equipment                                                                                                    3-10 years
    Leasehold improvements                                                              Estimated useful lives or remaining
                                                                                          lease terms, whichever is shorter
    Others                                                                                                        2-5 years

    See note 44.5 for the other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025        149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      17. Leases
           This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

           (a)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

                  Apart from leased-in investment properties (note 18), the movement of other right-of-use assets is shown as
                  follows:

                  Other right-of-use assets

                                                                        Transportation                   Land use
                                                          Buildings        equipment      Machinery         rights      Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Year ended 31 December 2025
                   Opening net book amount                  289,219             20,105       42,812        68,473      420,609
                   Additions                                150,738             20,551       22,917            —       194,206
                   Disposals of subsidiaries                (26,444)                —            —             —       (26,444)
                   Early termination of lease contracts     (13,221)            (4,192)         (48)           —       (17,461)
                   Depreciation                            (118,633)           (16,492)     (20,986)       (3,216)    (159,327)


                   Closing net book amount                 281,659             19,972        44,695        65,257      411,583


                   At 31 December 2025
                   Cost                                     420,394             32,701       76,773         79,219     609,087
                   Accumulated depreciation                (138,735)           (12,729)     (32,078)       (13,962)   (197,504)


                   Net book amount                         281,659             19,972        44,695        65,257      411,583


                   Year ended 31 December 2024
                   Opening net book amount                  339,497              4,351        22,883       59,006      425,737
                   Additions                                204,491             26,498        57,069       11,172      299,230
                   Transfer to investment properties       (100,971)                —              —            —     (100,971)
                   Early termination of lease contracts      (15,967)             (223)        (9,300)          —       (25,490)
                   Depreciation                            (137,831)           (10,521)      (27,840)       (1,705)   (177,897)


                   Closing net book amount                 289,219             20,105        42,812        68,473      420,609


                   At 31 December 2024
                   Cost                                     465,807            26,498         63,308        79,219     634,832
                   Accumulated depreciation                (176,588)            (6,393)      (20,496)      (10,746)   (214,223)


                   Net book amount                         289,219             20,105        42,812        68,473      420,609




150   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




17. Leases (Continued)
    (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position (Continued)

          The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to lease liabilities:

          Lease liabilities

                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


           Within one year                                                                 179,159               203,650
           Within a period of more than one year but not more than
             two years                                                                     179,471               201,669
           Within a period of more than two years but not more than
             five years                                                                    312,691               496,562
           Within a period of more than five years                                         495,163             1,028,078


                                                                                         1,166,484             1,929,959


           Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
             current liabilities                                                           (179,159)            (203,650)


           Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
            non-current liabilities                                                        987,325             1,726,309

    (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
          income

          The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income shows the following amounts
          relating to leases:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


           Depreciation charge of other right-of-use assets
           Buildings                                                                       118,633               137,831
           Land use rights                                                                   3,216                 1,705
           Machinery                                                                        20,986                27,840
           Transportation equipment                                                         16,492                10,521


                                                                                           159,327               177,897


           Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of
              low-value assets (included in ‘Cost of sales’ and
              ‘General and administrative expenses’)                                       554,925               467,937
           Interest expense (included in ‘Finance costs’)                                   86,649                93,989

          The total cash outflow for leases in the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB838,364,000 (2024:
          RMB805,850,000).


                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      17. Leases (Continued)
           (c)    As at 31 December 2025, land use rights with net book amount of RMB52,640,000 (2024:nil) were pledged as
                  collateral for the Group’s bank and other borrowings (note 35).

           (d)    The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for

                  The Group leases various buildings, transportation equipment and machinery. Rental contracts are typically
                  made for fixed periods of 1 to 20 years without extension options. Lease terms are negotiated on an
                  individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not
                  impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
                  Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

           (e)    Accounting policies of leases

                  Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset, a receivable (for subleased-out under finance leases) and a
                  corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

                  Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in
                  the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However,
                  for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease
                  components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

                  Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
                  include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                  •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable.

                  The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
                  determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to
                  pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with
                  similar terms, security and conditions.

                  To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                  •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
                        adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

                  •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held
                        by the Group, which does not have recent third-party financing, and

                  •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.




152   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




17. Leases (Continued)
    (e)   Accounting policies of leases (Continued)

          If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or
          market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a
          starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

          Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or
          loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
          the liability for each period.

          Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

          •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liabilities.

          Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
          a straight-line basis.

          Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets
          are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a
          lease term of 12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets mainly comprise electronic
          equipment and vehicles.

          Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line
          basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying
          amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease
          income. The respective leased assets are included in the consolidated statement of financial position based
          on their nature. The Group did not need to make any adjustments to the accounting for assets held as lessor as
          a result of adopting the new leasing standard.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025       153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      18. Investment properties
                                                                            Land and        Right-of-use
                                                                            buildings             assets               Total
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000


             Year ended 31 December 2025
             Opening net book amount                                          216,927           1,480,897           1,697,824
             Additions                                                        466,349             217,091             683,440
             Disposals                                                        (11,664)           (680,331)           (691,995)
             Depreciation                                                     (28,774)           (134,271)           (163,045)


             Net book amount                                                  642,838             883,386           1,526,224


             Year ended 31 December 2024
             Opening net book amount                                          132,828           1,172,174           1,305,002
             Additions                                                        144,575             593,204             737,779
             Transfer from other right-of-use assets                                —             100,971             100,971
             Disposals                                                         (47,224)          (271,171)           (318,395)
             Depreciation                                                      (13,252)          (114,281)           (127,533)


             Net book amount                                                  216,927           1,480,897           1,697,824

           (a)    For the year ended 31 December 2025, the additions of right-of-use assets comprised of leases in
                  commercial properties with lease term periods of 2-20 years (2024: 2-20 years).

           (b)    Fair value disclosure and fair value hierarchy

                  As at 31 December 2025, the fair values of the investment properties approximated to RMB1,645,417,000
                  (2024: RMB2,066,790,000). As certain of significant inputs used in the determination of fair value of
                  investment properties are arrived at by reference to certain significant unobservable market data, the fair
                  value of all investment properties of the Group is included in level 3 of the fair value measurement hierarchy.

           (c)    Fair value measurement processes of the Group

                  The Group’s investment properties were valued as at 31 December 2025, by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate
                  Appraisal and Advisory Limited, an independent and professionally qualified valuer who hold recognised
                  relevant professional qualifications and have recent experience in the locations and segments of the
                  investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best
                  use.

                  Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between management and the valuers on an annual
                  basis, in line with the Group’s annual reporting date.

                  At each financial year end, the management:

                  —     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

                  —     Assesses property valuation movements when compared to the prior year valuation report; and

                  —     Holds discussions with the independent valuer.



154   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




18. Investment properties (Continued)
    (d)   Valuation techniques

          Investment properties comprise of right-of-use assets of commercial properties held under leases. Fair values
          of the investment properties are generally derived using the term and reversionary method. This method is
          based on the tenancy agreements as at the respective valuation dates. The rental income derived within
          the tenancy agreements are discounted by adopting term yields and the potential reversionary income are
          discounted by adopting appropriate reversionary yields for the period beyond the rental period in the tenancy
          agreements. Potential reversionary income and the reversionary yields are derived from analysis of prevailing
          market rents and valuer’s interpretation of prevailing investor requirements or expectations. The prevailing
          market rents adopted in the valuation have reference to recent lettings, within the subject properties and
          other comparable properties.

                                                                                              Relationship of
           Valuation             Unobservable                    Range of                     unobservable inputs
           techniques            inputs                     unobservable inputs               to fair value
                                                               2025             2024


           Income approach Term yields                    3.5%-7.0%            3.5%-7.0%      The higher the term yields,
                                                                                                the lower the fair value

                                 Reversionary yields      4.0%-7.5%            4.5%-7.0%      The higher the reversionary
                                                                                                yields, the lower the fair
                                                                                                value

                                 Market rents          RMB15-144 per      RMB15-242 per       The higher the market rents,
                                                        square meter        square meter        the higher the fair value
                                                          per month           per month

    (e)   Accounting policies of investment properties

          Investment properties are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both and are not
          occupied by the Group. Commercial properties held under leases held for rental yields and are not occupied
          by the Group are recognised as investment properties.

          The Group measured its investment properties at cost, including related transaction costs. Depreciation is
          calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost over their useful life or lease term varying from
          2 to 20 years.

          If an item of owner-occupied property becomes an investment property because its use has changed, the
          carrying amount of the item at the date of transfer is equal to the carrying amount of the investment property
          measured by the cost model.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025       155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      19. Intangible assets
                                                                   Contracts       Insurance                    Concession      Total other
                                                                and customer       brokerage                     intangible      intangible
                                                     Software relationships           license        Brand           assets          assets    Goodwill         Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                           (ii)           (iii)            (iv)         (v)             (vi)                       (vii)


             At 1 January 2024
             Cost                                     665,833        7,016,815         28,663     2,128,394         668,420     10,508,125    19,639,425     30,147,550
             Accumulated amortisation                (180,074)      (2,166,999)         (8,866)    (588,331)         (59,003)   (3,003,273)            —     (3,003,273)
             Accumulated impairment                        —             (8,456)            —         (1,888)             —        (10,344)    (3,206,624)   (3,216,968)


             Net book amount                          485,759        4,841,360         19,797     1,538,175         609,417      7,494,508    16,432,801     23,927,309


             Year ended 31 December 2024
             Opening net book amount                  485,759        4,841,360         19,797     1,538,175         609,417      7,494,508    16,432,801     23,927,309
             Additions                                  72,540         400,001              —            —            13,233       485,774             —        485,774
             Acquisition of subsidiaries                     65          43,963             —            —                —         44,028         76,802       120,830
             Amortisation                              (74,101)       (866,892)         (2,475)    (240,583)         (43,768)   (1,227,819)            —     (1,227,819)
             Disposals                                   (5,226)             —              —            —                —         (5,226)            —         (5,226)
             Disposal of subsidiaries                        —          (51,758)            —            —                —        (51,758)       (96,797)     (148,555)
             Impairment                                      —               —              —            —                —             —       (990,000)      (990,000)


             Closing net book amount                  479,037        4,366,674         17,322     1,297,592         578,882      6,739,507    15,422,806     22,162,313


             At 31 December 2024
             Cost                                     730,092        7,377,702         28,663     2,128,394         681,327     10,946,178    19,479,477     30,425,655
             Accumulated amortisation                (251,055)      (3,002,572)       (11,341)     (828,914)       (102,445)    (4,196,327)            —     (4,196,327)
             Accumulated impairment                        —             (8,456)           —          (1,888)            —         (10,344)    (4,056,671)   (4,067,015)


             Net book amount                          479,037        4,366,674         17,322     1,297,592         578,882      6,739,507    15,422,806     22,162,313


             Year ended 31 December 2025
             Opening net book amount                  479,037        4,366,674         17,322     1,297,592         578,882      6,739,507    15,422,806     22,162,313
             Additions                                 66,742           70,999             —             —           75,733        213,474            —         213,474
             Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38)      1,333               —              —             —              895          2,228            —           2,228
             Amortisation                             (84,020)        (814,653)        (2,475)     (271,295)        (31,840)    (1,204,283)           —      (1,204,283)
             Disposals                                 (1,236)              —              —             —               —          (1,236)           —          (1,236)
             Disposal of subsidiaries                       -               —              —             —               —              —         (6,564)        (6,564)
             Impairment                                    —                —              —             —               —              —       (968,891)      (968,891)


             Closing net book amount                  461,856        3,623,020         14,847     1,026,297         623,670      5,749,690    14,447,351     20,197,041


             At 31 December 2025
             Cost                                     796,884        7,448,701         28,663      2,128,394        757,955     11,160,597    19,472,913     30,633,510
             Accumulated amortisation                (335,028)      (3,817,225)       (13,816)    (1,100,209)      (134,285)    (5,400,563)           —      (5,400,563)
             Accumulated impairment                        —            (8,456)            —          (1,888)            —         (10,344)   (5,025,562)    (5,035,906)


             Net book amount                          461,856        3,623,020         14,847     1,026,297         623,670      5,749,690    14,447,351     20,197,041



156   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    Amortisation of intangible assets were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of profit or
    loss and comprehensive income:

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


      Cost of sales                                                                         1,120,263             1,153,718
      General and administrative expenses                                                      84,020                74,101


                                                                                            1,204,283             1,227,819

    (i)     Amortisation methods and periods

            The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the
            following periods:

            Software                                                                                              3-10 years
            Contracts and customer relationships                                                                   6-9 years
            Insurance brokerage license                                                                             12 years
            Brand                                                                                                 5-12 years
            Concession intangible assets                                                                          5-29 years

    (ii)    Software

            Acquired software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the
            specific software.

            Costs associated with maintaining software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.

    (iii)   Contracts and customer relationships

            Contracts and customer relationships acquired in business combinations and subsequent asset acquisitions
            are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The contracts and customer relationships have a finite useful
            life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment.

    (iv)    Insurance brokerage license

            Insurance brokerage license acquired in the business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
            date. It has a finite useful life and is subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

    (v)     Brand

            Brand acquired in the business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. It has a finite
            useful life and is subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025        157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      19. Intangible assets (Continued)
           (vi)   Concession intangible assets

                  When the Group has entered into contractual service concession arrangements with local government
                  authorities for its participation in the municipal sanitation public infrastructure construction business, the
                  Group carries out the construction or upgrade work of municipal sanitation public infrastructures for the
                  granting authorities and receives in exchange of a right to operate the public infrastructures concerned.
                  Concession intangible assets correspond to the right granted by the respective concession grantors to the
                  Group to charge users of the sanitation services and the fact that the concession grantors (the respective
                  local governments) have not provided any contractual guarantees in respect of the amounts of construction
                  costs incurred to be recoverable.

           (vii) Goodwill

                  Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
                  tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
                  be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of
                  a business include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the business sold.

                  Goodwill is allocated to CGU for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those CGUs
                  or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose.
                  The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal
                  management purposes.

                  Goodwill of RMB14,447,351,000 (2024: RMB15,422,806,000) has been allocated to the respective CGU for
                  impairment testing. Management performed an impairment assessment on the goodwill as at 31 December
                  2025 and 2024, respectively.

                  The goodwill (net book amount) is allocated in CGUs as follows:

                                                                                                 At 31 December
                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000

                   Property Management Services Business
                      Operating Segment
                   Country Garden Life Services CGU (“Life Services”)                           6,457,224           6,380,422
                   Wealth Best Global CGU (“Wealth Best Global”)                                3,567,263           3,567,263
                   Link Joy Holdings Group CGU (“Link Joy”)                                     3,233,591           3,233,591
                   Other CGUs                                                                     706,967             790,333

                                                                                              13,965,045           13,971,609

                   Three Supplies and Property Management Business
                     Operating Segment – others                                                     3,465                3,465

                   Environmental Business Operating Segment
                   Country Garden Manguo Environmental Technology Group CGU
                     (“Manguo”)                                                                         —             968,891

                   Commercial Operational Services Business Operating
                    Segment – others                                                              478,841             478,841

                                                                                              14,447,351           15,422,806




158   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

         Integration of CGUs and goodwill reallocation

         During the year ended 31 December 2025, there has been a change in the identified CGU resulting from the
         integration of Sichuan Hemeng Property Management Co., Limited (“Sichuan Hemeng”) into Life Services
         CGU in order to improve operation efficiency. Both Sichuan Hemeng CGU and Life Services CGU are within
         the Property Management Services Business operating segment. Accordingly, goodwill originally along with
         Sichuan Hemeng CGU is reallocated into Life Services CGU for goodwill impairment assessment purpose.
         Management expected that the benefit of expected synergies of Sichuan Hemeng CGU shall be achieved
         from integrating it into the Group’s existing property management services under Life Services CGU. Such
         integration resulted in the reallocation of goodwill as there has been a change to the way in which goodwill is
         monitored internally.

         During the year ended 31 December 2024, Sichuan Justbon Life Services CGU (“Justbon Services”) was
         integrated into Life Services CGU and the goodwill originally along with Justbon Services CGU is reallocated
         into Life Services CGU. Both Justbon Services CGU and Life Services CGU are within the Property
         Management operating segment.

         Impairment tests on goodwill

         The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on the higher of value in use and the FVLCOD.

         For the year ended 31 December 2025

         As at 31 December 2025, management recalculated the recoverable amounts of all CGUs. The recoverable
         amount results of CGUs other than Manguo was assessed to exceed their carrying amounts as at 31
         December 2025.

         Impairment of Manguo CGU

         During the year ended 31 December 2025, management of the Group reassessed the key assumptions
         for impairment testing of goodwill of Manguo and considered that the prolonged payment cycle of certain
         customers of Manguo and the operating cash flows still lacked significant improvement. The Group adjusted
         its business strategy in 2025 and strategically scaled back relevant businesses accordingly, which would
         further result to a decrease in the recoverable amount of Manguo. According to the management’s estimation
         of the recoverable amount of Manguo with the assistance of an independent valuer, which was calculated
         based on its value in use that was assessed to be higher than its FVLCOD, impairment of goodwill and other
         intangible assets of approximately RMB968,891,000 were recognised for Manguo, resulting in a reduction in
         the carrying amount of the goodwill of Manguo to nil.

         As at 31 December 2025, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill
         of the other CGUs. Based on the assessment, the Group considered that no additional material impairment
         of goodwill was required.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025       159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      19. Intangible assets (Continued)
           (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

                  Impairment tests on goodwill (Continued)

                  For the year ended 31 December 2024

                  As at 31 December 2024, management recalculated the recoverable amounts of all CGUs. The recoverable
                  amount results of CGUs other than Manguo was assessed to exceed their carrying amounts as at 31
                  December 2024.

                  Impairment of Manguo CGU

                  During the year ended 31 December 2024, management of the Group reassessed the key assumptions for
                  impairment testing of goodwill of Manguo and considered that Manguo’s business expansion in previous
                  years has not been carried out as scheduled and some existing business has been adjusted, leading to
                  declines in revenues and profits, and the long payment period of some customers of Manguo resulted in
                  unsatisfactory cash flows. Moreover, these adverse effects are expected to remain for a period of time
                  other than temporary. According to the management’s estimation of the recoverable amount of Manguo
                  with the assistance of an independent valuer, which was calculated based on its value in use that was
                  assessed to be higher than its FVLCOD, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets of approximately
                  RMB990,000,000 were recognised for Manguo, resulting in a reduction in the carrying amount of the goodwill
                  of Manguo to RMB968,891,000.

                  As at 31 December 2024, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill
                  of the other CGUs. Based on the assessment, the Group considered that no additional material impairment
                  of goodwill was required.




160   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

         Impairment tests on goodwill (Continued)

         For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)

         Impairment of Manguo CGU (Continued)

         The following table sets forth each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow
         projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

                                            Wealth Best                                Life        Other
                                                 Global    Link Joy    Manguo     Services         CGUs


          2025
          Revenue growth rates during the
            projection period                     3.0%        3.0%        5.0%       3.0%           3.0%
          Gross profit margins during the
            projection period                    26.5%       33.7%       12.4%      22.5% 15.1%-25.6%
          EBITDA margins during the
            projection period                    17.2%       25.4%       10.6%      11.5% 5.3%-12.8%
          Terminal growth rate                    2.0%        2.0%        2.0%       2.0%        2.0%
          Pre-tax discount rates                 17.3%       17.3%       14.5%      17.1% 16.0%-19.8%


          2024
          Revenue growth rates during the
            projection period                       3.0%      3.0%        5.4%       3.0%       3.0%-4.9%
          Gross profit margins during the
            projection period                    30.1%       32.9%       19.4%      20.9%     13.4%-46.5%
          EBITDA margins during the
            projection period                    21.1%       26.0%       15.2%       9.7%      8.2%-39.6%
          Terminal growth rate                    2.0%        2.0%        2.0%       2.0%            2.0%
          Pre-tax discount rates                 17.8%       17.7%       14.8%      17.5%     18.1%-20.2%




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025     161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      19. Intangible assets (Continued)
           (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

                  Impairment tests on goodwill (Continued)

                  The recoverable amounts and the headrooms available (the excess of the recoverable amounts over the
                  carrying amounts) of the respective CGU are as follows:

                                                                    Wealth Best
                                                                         Global                Link Joy               Manguo       Life Services
                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000               RMB’000           RMB’000


                      At 31 December 2025
                      Recoverable amount                                  6,924,000            7,717,000             1,737,000        34,719,000
                      Headroom                                            1,002,161            2,001,959                    —         27,251,045


                      At 31 December 2024
                      Recoverable amount                                  7,723,000            8,006,000             3,314,000        37,730,000
                      Headroom                                            1,905,224            2,756,800                    —         29,151,600

                  The recoverable amount of the respective CGU would equal its carrying amount if the key assumptions were
                  to change as follows:

                                                                                                           At 31 December 2025
                                                                                      Wealth Best Global          Link Joy         Life Services
                                                                                        From         To        From        To      From          To


                      Revenue growth rates during the projection period                 3.0%     -2.2%        3.0%      -6.8%      3.0%     -28.9%
                      Gross profit margins during the projection period                26.5%     22.0%       33.7%      22.8%     22.5%       4.8%
                      EBITDA margins during the projection period                      17.2%     12.7%       25.4%      14.5%     11.5%      -6.2%
                      Terminal growth rate                                              2.0%     -2.6%        2.0%      -8.9%      2.0%       N/A*
                      Pre-tax discount rates                                           17.3%     22.3%       17.3%      27.0%     17.1%       N/A*

                                                                                                           At 31 December 2024
                                                                                      Wealth Best Global          Link Joy          Life Services
                                                                                       From           To       From        To      From           To


                      Revenue growth rates during the projection period                 3.0%     -5.7%        3.0%     -10.9%      3.0%         -30.2%
                      Gross profit margins during the projection period                30.1%     20.9%       32.9%      17.4%     20.9%           5.6%
                      EBITDA margins during the projection period                      21.1%     11.9%       26.0%      10.6%      9.7%          -5.6%
                      Terminal growth rate                                              2.0%     -7.9%        2.0%       N/A*      2.0%           N/A*
                      Pre-tax discount rates                                           17.8%     28.4%       17.7%       N/A*     17.4%           N/A*

                  *        Reasonable change of the factors will not lead to the recoverable amount lower than the carrying value of the CGU.




162   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




20. Subsidiaries
   The following is a list of principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025. Among these subsidiaries registered under
   PRC law, Country Garden Life Services Group Co. Ltd. (碧桂園生活服務集團股份有限公司), Ganglian Real Estate
   Services (China) Co., Ltd. (港聯不動產服務（中國）股份有限公司) and Sichuan Justbon Services Group Co. Limited
   (四川嘉寶生活服務集團股份有限公司) are joint stock companies with limited liabilities, and Shenzhen Happy
   Vientiane Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市幸福萬象投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) is a limited
   partnership, and the other subsidiaries are limited liability companies:

                                                                  Nominal value
                                                                   of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                 fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                              Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
    Names                                     incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                       2025         2024      2025        2024

    Directly held by the Company:
    Incorporated in the BVI and operates in
      Chinese Mainland:
    United Gain Group Ltd.                    28 March 2006              USD200        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
      (集裕集團有限公司)
    Ornate Forest Limited (繁森有限公司)            07 July 2017            USD50,000        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding

    Indirectly held by the Company:
    Incorporated in Hong Kong and
      operates in Hong Kong:
    Country Garden Property Services HK       05 February 2018             HKD1        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
      Holdings Company Limited
      (碧桂園物業香港控股有限公司)

    Incorporated in the BVI and operates in
      Chinese Mainland:
    Sino Estate Holdings Limited              06 November 2003           HKD780        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
    Wealth Best Global Holdings Group         10 December 1998             USD1        100%       100%          —           — Property management
      Company Limited                                                                                                            and related services
      (富良環球有限公司)

    Incorporated in the Cayman Islands and
      operates in Chinese Mainland:
    Link Joy Holdings Group Co., Limited   16 June 2015                    USD2        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
       (鄰里樂控股集團有限公司)
    Country Garden Services Business       13 July 2021                        —       100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
      Management Holdings Limited
       (碧桂園服務商業管理控股有限公司)

    Established and operates
      in Chinese Mainland:
    Country Garden Life Services              19 April 2004      RMB360,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
      Group Co. Ltd.                                                                                                            and related services
      (碧桂園生活服務集團股份有限公司)
    Country Garden City Light Intelligent     15 December 1998    RMB19,390,000         51%        51%        49%        49% Property management
      Property Services Co., Ltd.                                                                                              and related services
      (碧桂園城市之光智慧物業服務
      有限公司)




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      20. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                          Nominal value
                                                                           of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                         fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                                      Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
             Names                                    incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                               2025         2024      2025        2024

             Indirectly held by the Company:
                (Continued)
             Established and operates
                in Chinese Mainland: (Continued)
             Beijing Shengshi Property Services       24 April 1999      RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Company Limited                                                                                                         and related services
                (北京盛世物業服務有限公司)
             Jiangxi Bicheng Jiejia Property          18 February 1993   RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       and related services
                (formerly Jiangxi Country Garden
                Jiejia Property Service Co., Ltd.)
                (江西碧城潔佳物業服務有限公司
                (曾用名:江西碧桂園潔佳物業服務
                有限公司))
             Shanghai Ruijing Industrial              5 January 2018     RMB26,620,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Company Limited                                                                                                         and related services
                (上海睿靖實業有限公司)
             Hainan Sailai Borui Property Services    12 April 2012       RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Company Limited                                                                                                         and related services
                (海南賽萊柏瑞物業服務有限公司)
             Guangdong Country Garden Huimin          09 January 2017     RMB5,100,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Property Services Company Limited                                                                                       and related services
                (廣東碧桂園惠民物業服務有限公司)
             Xingong Xiamen Property Management       30 April 2003       RMB9,132,250         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Services Company Limited                                                                                                and related services
                (新工（廈門）物業管理服務有限公司)
             Suzhou Industrial Park CPG Facilities    14 December 2001    RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    and related services
                (蘇州碧桂園碧新物業管理服務
                有限公司)
             Fenghuang Hui Information                18 January 2018    RMB30,580,000         100%       100%          —           — E-commerce
                Technology Co., Ltd.
                (鳳凰匯信息科技有限公司)
             Guangdong Bichuang Asset                 18 January 2004     RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     and related services
                (廣東碧創資產運營有限公司)
             Shanghai Lianyuan Property               20 November 1995   RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
                Development Company Limited                                                                                             services
                (上海聯源物業發展有限公司)
             Inner Mongolia Renhe Services            18 November 1999   RMB14,008,340          85%        85%        15%        15% Property management
                Company Limited                                                                                                        and related services
                (內蒙古仁和服務有限責任公司)
             Suzhou Wuyuan Property                   22 March 2007       RMB5,000,000         100%        95%          —          5% Property management
                Management Company Limited                                                                                              and related services
                (蘇州物源物業管理有限公司)
             Zhejiang Country Garden Bijia Property   24 January 2002    RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       and related services
                (浙江碧桂園碧嘉物業服務有限公司)



164   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




20. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                Nominal value
                                                                 of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                               fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                          Date of               capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Names                                incorporation                  capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                     2025         2024      2025        2024

     Indirectly held by the Company:
       (Continued)
     Established and operates
       in Chinese Mainland: (Continued)
     Shanghai Mingjun Property Management 31 May 1996            RMB5,150,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Company Limited                                                                                                        and related services
       (上海明君物業管理有限公司)
     Ganglian Real Estate Services (China) 05 August 1999       RMB60,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Co., Ltd. (i)                                                                                                          and related services
       (港聯不動產服務（中國）股份
       有限公司)
     Baoshihua Home Life Services          12 September 2018   RMB420,000,000         65%        65%        35%        35% Investment holding
       Group Co., Ltd.
       (寶石花家園生活服務集團有限公司)
     Baoshihua Property Management         26 October 2018     RMB308,111,060         51%        51%        49%        49% Property management
       Company Limited                                                                                                       and related services
       (寶石花物業管理有限公司)
     Baoshihua Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 27 December 2018    RMB122,950,000         70%        70%        30%        30% Property management,
       (formerly known as                                                                                                    heat supply and
       (Baoshihua Tong Fang Energy                                                                                           related services
       Technology Company Limited)
       (寶石花能源科技有限公司)
       (曾用名:寶石花同方能源科技
       有限公司)
     Baoshihua Heat Company Limited        07 January 2019     RMB150,000,000         65%        65%        35%        35% Heat supply services
       (寶石花熱力有限公司)
     Daqing Baoshihua Heat                 18 January 2019      RMB30,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Heat supply services
       Company Limited
       (大慶寶石花熱力有限公司)
     Fujian Dongfei Environment            11 January 2013     RMB133,333,333       67.5%      67.5%      32.5%       32.5% Environmental business
       Group Co., Ltd. (i)
       (福建東飛環境集團有限公司)
     Manguo (i)                            26 March 2015        RMB50,500,000         70%        70%        30%        30% Environmental business
       (碧桂園滿國環境科技集團有限公司)
     Shanghai Jinchen Property             20 February 1998     RMB10,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   and related services
       (上海金晨物業經營管理有限公司)
     Guangdong Country Garden Life         20 December 2019      RMB2,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      and related services
       (廣東碧桂園生活服務有限公司)
     Guangdong Lexiang Life Family         30 April 2015          RMB300,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      and related services
       (廣東樂享生活家庭服務有限公司)
     Chongqing Caizhixin Smart Life        01 November 2006    RMB200,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Services Group Limited (formerly                                                                                       and related services
       Caixin Smart Life Services Group
       Limited) (“Caizhixin Services”)
       (重慶財智信智慧生活服務集團
       有限公司（曾用名：財信智慧生活
       服務集團有限公司）)（「財智信」）



                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      20. Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                        Nominal value
                                                                         of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                       fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                                  Date of               capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
             Names                                incorporation                  capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                             2025         2024      2025        2024

             Indirectly held by the Company:
               (Continued)
             Established and operates
               in Chinese Mainland: (Continued)
             Guizhou Shunhui Business              29 January 2021       RMB9,300,000        100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   management services
               (貴州順暉商業管理有限公司)
             Zhuhai Shunhui Business               22 January 2021      RMB10,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   management services
               (珠海順暉商業管理有限公司)
             Shenzhen Zehui Apartment              04 March 2021         RMB2,760,000        100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   services
               (深圳澤暉公寓管理有限公司)
             Guiyang Southwest International Trade 04 September 2012    RMB50,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
               City Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                              and related services
               (貴陽西南國際商貿城經營管理
               有限公司)
             Hainan Dehui Technology Management 23 April 2021           RMB10,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Information system
               Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       integration services
               (海南德暉科技管理服務有限公司)
             Guangdong Shunhui Business            20 January 2021      RMB25,500,000        100%        85%          —        15% Commercial complex
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  management services
               (廣東順暉商業管理有限公司)
             Foshan Dehui Business                 08 March 2021         RMB1,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   management services
               (佛山德暉商業管理有限公司)
             Guangdong Zehui Housing Rental        26 January 2021      RMB10,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
               Development Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                                       services
               (廣東澤暉住房租賃發展投資有限公司)
             Suzhou Xinbiyuan Business             01 August 2018        RMB3,000,000           —       100%          —           — Property intermediary
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   services and
               (蘇州新碧園商業管理有限公司)                                                                                                        commercial complex
                                                                                                                                      management services
             Guangzhou Zhihui Business         26 February 2021          RMB1,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   management services
               (廣州智暉商業管理有限公司)
             Sichuan Justbon Life Services     07 December 2000        RMB178,102,160      99.71%     99.71%      0.29%       0.29% Property management
               Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        and related services
               (四川嘉寶生活服務集團股份有限公司)
             Chongqing Jiabao Management       14 July 2008              RMB5,000,000      99.25%     99.25%      0.75%       0.75% Property management
               Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   and related services
               (重慶嘉寶管理顧問有限公司)
             Guangzhou Tianli Property Service 10 December 1997        RMB610,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
               Co., Ltd.                                                                                                              and related services
               (廣州天力物業發展有限公司)
             Guangzhou Fuxing Investment       11 December 2019        RMB310,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Consulting services
               Consulting Co., Ltd. (i)
               (廣州富星投資諮詢有限公司)



166   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




20. Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                   Nominal value
                                                                    of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                  fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                             Date of               capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
        Names                                incorporation                  capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                        2025         2024      2025        2024

        Indirectly held by the Company:
          (Continued)
        Established and operates
          in Chinese Mainland: (Continued)
        Guangzhou Fulin Commercial             15 June 2020       RMB20,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
          Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    management services
          (廣州富鄰商業運營有限公司)
        Beijing Hengfu Property                11 December 2002    RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
          Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      and related services
          (北京恒富物業服務有限公司)
        Guangdong Surplus Equity Investment 04 May 2015           RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
          Fund Management Co., Ltd.
          (廣東盈盛產業投資有限責任公司)
        Guangdong Fenghuangdaojia Vocational 31 December 2019     RMB10,000,000            —        70%          —        30% Skill training services
          Skill Training School Co., Ltd.
          (廣東鳳凰到家職業技能培訓學校
          有限公司)
        Wenjin International Insurance         08 November 2007   RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Insurance services
          Broker Co., Ltd.
          (文津國際保險經紀有限公司)
        Guangdong Bi’An Security               19 June 2020       RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Security services
          Service Co., Ltd.
          (廣東碧安保安服務有限公司)
        Guangdong Bi’An Electromechanical      09 May 2020        RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Construction and
          Engineering Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  installation services
          (廣東碧安機電工程有限公司)
        Tianjin TEDA City Investment Property  24 February 2004   RMB10,382,000          70%        70%        30%        30% Property intermediary
          Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  services
          (天津泰達城投物業管理有限公司)
        Shenzhen Biguiyuan Shengfu Real Estate 16 August 1995     RMB15,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
          Services Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     and related services
          (深圳碧桂園盛孚物業服務有限公司)
        Haikou Xinhuazhengda Airport           02 November 1994   RMB13,200,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
          Services Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     and related services
          (海口新華正達空港服務有限公司)
        Guangdong Meifang Zhigao               18 January 2021    RMB20,000,000         100%       100%          —          — Science and technology
          Robot Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       promotion and
          (廣東美房智高機器人有限公司)                                                                                                       application services
        Henan Guangxin Advertising Co., Ltd.   14 January 2005    RMB19,030,000          60%        60%        40%        40% Advertising services
          (河南廣新廣告有限公司)
        Anhui Chenghe Property                 26 August 2008     RMB20,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
          Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      and related services
          (安徽誠和物業服務有限公司)
        Shenzhen Country Garden Business       22 February 2016   RMB50,000,000         50%*       50%*        50%        50% Property intermediary
          Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  services and
          (深圳碧桂園商業管理有限公司)                                                                                                       Commercial complex
                                                                                                                                management services


    *        The Group has 50% ownership interest and voting rights in Shenzhen Country Garden Business Management Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen
             Business Management”). By considering that the Group has dominant voting rights to direct the relevant activities of Shenzhen
             Business Management unilaterally, the directors of the Company conclude that the Group control over Shenzhen Business
             Management and consolidate it as its subsidiary.


                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      20. Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                             Nominal value
                                                                              of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                            fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                                       Date of               capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
                 Names                                 incorporation                  capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                                  2025         2024      2025        2024

                 Indirectly held by the Company:
                   (Continued)
                 Established and operates
                   in Chinese Mainland: (Continued)
                 Tianjin Blue Ray Quanwei Business     19 October 2020      RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
                   Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    management services
                   (天津藍光全維商業管理有限公司)
                 Shenzhen Jiaxin Consulting            16 June 2016        RMB204,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Consulting services
                   Service Co., Ltd.
                   (深圳市嘉信諮詢服務有限公司)
                 Shenzhen Happy Vientiane Investment   11 April 2014      RMB1,982,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
                   Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                   (深圳市幸福萬象投資合夥企業
                   （有限合夥）)
                 Wanxiangmei Property Management       08 May 2015          RMB50,100,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                   Co., Ltd. (萬象美物業管理有限公司)                                                                                                 and related services
                 Shenzhen Kaiyuan International Real   19 October 2000      RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                   Estate Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                             and related services
                   (深圳市開元國際物業管理有限公司)
                 Chongqing Degu Trading Co., Ltd.      04 May 2014          RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —          — Property intermediary
                   (重慶得固商貿有限公司)                                                                                                           services
                 Hainan Zhaonan Property               07 June 2000         RMB15,000,000          70%        70%        30%        30% Property management
                   Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      and related services
                   (海南兆南物業服務有限公司)
                 Yangpu Chengyi Property               25 April 2019           RMB500,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
                   Management Co., Ltd. (i)                                                                                                services
                   (洋浦誠益物業管理有限公司)
                 Beijing Guorui Real Estate            12 April 2002        RMB25,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                   Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    and related services
                   (北京國瑞物業服務有限公司)
                 Chengdu Dongjing Property             15 October 2003       RMB5,500,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                   Management Company Limited                                                                                              and related services
                   (成都市東景物業管理有限公司)
                 Shanghai Zhongliang Property          15 December 2016    RMB130,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                   Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   and related services
                   (上海中梁物業發展有限公司)
                 Wuhan Quanpu Culture                  01 June 2017          RMB6,250,000          60%        60%        40%        40% Advertising services
                   Communication Co., Ltd.
                   (武漢圈譜文化傳播有限公司)
           (i)        Registered as foreign investment enterprises under PRC law.

           (ii)       None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.

           The English names of the subsidiaries represent the best efforts made by the management of the Group in
           translating their Chinese names as they do not have official English names.

           The above list included subsidiaries having material impact on the annual results or net assets of the Group.

           The directors of the Company consider that none of the non-controlling interests of the individual subsidiaries was
           significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of these subsidiaries was not disclosed in this
           section.


168   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




21. Investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


    At 1 January                                                                     533,497             600,367
    Additions                                                                         12,307               10,411
    Share of results                                                                 (49,688)             (11,560)
    Disposals                                                                         (2,819)             (35,923)
    Disposals of investments by disposal of subsidiaries                                  —                 (3,177)
    Dividends received                                                               (17,398)               (8,375)
    Dividends declare                                                                     —                 (4,254)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                           —                    326
    Acquisition of additional equity interests and become
      subsidiaries (note 38)                                                         (79,012)             (14,318)


    At 31 December                                                                   396,887             533,497

   The directors of the Company consider that none of these investments as at 31 December 2025 was significant to
   the Group and thus the individual financial information of the investments accounted for using the equity method
   was not disclosed.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025    169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      22. Financial instruments by category
                                                                                  At 31 December
                                                                                    2025            2024
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


             Financial assets at amortised cost:
             Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                  23,338,642     21,352,573
             Cash and cash equivalents                                          11,851,493     15,337,225
             Restricted bank deposits                                            1,048,222        560,016
             Time deposits                                                       3,979,196      2,281,361


                                                                                40,217,553     39,531,175


             Financial assets at FVPL:
             Wealth management products                                          1,291,319       580,033
             Structure products                                                  1,052,067            —
             Currency forward contracts                                              4,234            —


                                                                                 2,347,620       580,033

             Contingent consideration receivables                                 289,458        298,508


                                                                                 2,637,078       878,541

             Financial assets at FVOCI                                            452,401        556,740

                                                                                43,307,032     40,966,456


             Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
             Bank and other borrowings                                           1,626,779       870,256
             Trade and other payables excluding contingent considerations and
               non-financial liabilities                                        15,798,490     14,655,457
             Lease liabilities                                                   1,166,484      1,929,959


                                                                                18,591,753     17,455,672


             Financial liabilities at FVPL:
             Contingent considerations for business combinations                   94,216        118,235


                                                                                18,685,969     17,573,907




170   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




23. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                      At 31 December
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000

    Listed equity securities                                                             29,228             14,053
    Unlisted equity investments                                                         423,173            542,687

                                                                                        452,401            556,740

   The investments mainly represent equity investments in several property management companies. For details of the
   fair value estimation, see note 4.3 (i).

24. Contract assets
   The Group has recognised the following assets related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                      At 31 December
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000


    Contract assets                                                                       3,784             73,320

   As at 1 January 2024, contract assets amounted to RMB71,405,000.

   Pursuant to the service concession agreements for sewage and waste treatment, the Group receives no payment
   from the grantors during the construction period and receives service fees when relevant services are rendered
   during the operating periods. Upon the completion of construction, the balance of contract assets will transfer to
   concession intangible assets.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025    171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      25. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                                 At 31 December
                                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Wealth management products (a)                                                                1,291,319                  580,033
                 Structure products (b)                                                                        1,052,067                       —
                 Currency forward contracts (c)                                                                    4,234                       —


                                                                                                               2,347,620                  580,033


                 Contingent consideration receivables                                                             289,458                 298,508

           (a)       The Group invested in various wealth management products which can be redeemed any time at the Group’s discretion. These
                     products have a term of from 5 years to 10 years (2024: 5 years) with average expected return rate at 3.1% to 4.8% (2024: 3.3%).
                     The fair values of these investments were determined based on the expected returns with reference to underlying investment.

           (b)       As of 31 December 2025, the structure products have a term from one to six months with average expected return rate at 0.8% to
                     2.2%. The fair values of these investments were determined based on the expected returns as stipulated in relevant contracts with
                     the counterparties.

           (c)       The currency forward contracts have an aggregate notional amount of exchanging HKD2,229,568,000 for USD at forward
                     exchange rates from HKD7.7353 to HKD7.7600 to USD1 with maturity date on or before 27 February 2026. The currency forward
                     exchange contracts were secured by the time deposits of HKD2,090,396,000 (equivalent to RMB1,888,087,000) at 31 December
                     2025. The fair value of these currency forward exchange contracts was determined based on the quoted price from the bank.
                     Subsequently in February 2026, the aforementioned foreign currency forward contracts matured and the related time deposits
                     were released from pledge.


      26. Inventories
                                                                                                                 At 31 December
                                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Merchandise goods (i)                                                                            501,593                 432,524
                 Raw materials                                                                                    105,144                 144,265
                 Others                                                                                           146,689                  36,453


                                                                                                                  753,426                 613,242

           (i)       Merchandise goods recognised as an expense during the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB2,414,429,000 (2024:
                     RMB2,110,091,000). These were included in cost of sales.




172   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




27. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000

    Current assets:
    Trade receivables (a)
      — Related parties (note 40(e))                                             2,145,267            2,548,569
      — Third parties                                                           20,592,826           18,595,563

                                                                                22,738,093           21,144,132
    Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables
      — Related parties (note 40(e))                                             (1,572,946)          (1,886,053)
      — Third parties                                                            (2,358,331)          (1,568,707)

                                                                                 (3,931,277)          (3,454,760)

                                                                                18,806,816           17,689,372

    Other receivables
      — Payments on behalf of property owners                                     1,263,286             962,054
      — Deposits                                                                    523,481             505,457
      — Loans to third parties pledged by equities (b)                            1,183,733           1,185,849
      — Receivables from finance leases                                              26,879              56,917
      — Others (c)                                                                  990,834             988,187

                                                                                  3,988,213           3,698,464
    Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables                            (582,846)           (318,032)

                                                                                  3,405,367           3,380,432

    Prepayments to suppliers
      — Related parties (note 40(e))                                                 2,194                9,131
      — Third parties                                                              816,654            1,196,433

                                                                                   818,848            1,205,564
    Prepayments for other taxes                                                    294,769              404,960

                                                                                23,325,800           22,680,328

    Non-current assets:
    Other receivables
      — Loan receivables from related parties (d)                                 1,000,000                   –
      — Receivables from finance leases                                             126,459             282,769

                                                                                  1,126,459             282,769

   As at 1 January 2024, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB16,378,502,000.

   As at 31 December 2025, most of the trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB, and the fair value of
   trade and other receivables approximated their carrying amounts.


                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      27. Trade and other receivables (Continued)
           (a)    Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services income under lump sum basis, value-
                  added services to non-property owners, heat supply services, environmental business and commercial
                  operational services.

                  Property management services income under lump sum basis, heat supply services income and commercial
                  operational services income are paid in accordance with the terms of the relevant service agreements.
                  Service income from property management services and heat supply services are due for payment by the
                  residents upon the issuance of demand note.

                  For value-added services to non-property owners and environmental business, customers are generally given
                  a credit term of up to 90 days.

                  The aging analysis of the trade receivables based on invoice date and net of loss allowance was as follows:

                                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

                   Within one year                                                           11,638,762           11,267,480
                   1 to 2 years                                                               3,645,574            3,806,320
                   2 to 3 years                                                               1,884,989            2,150,710
                   Over 3 years                                                               1,637,491              464,862


                                                                                             18,806,816           17,689,372

                  The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9. As
                  at 31 December 2025, a provision of RMB3,931,277,000 (2024: RMB3,454,760,000) was made against the
                  gross amounts of trade receivables (note 4.1).

           (b)    The Group provided short-term loans to several third parties pledged by equity interests of property
                  management and property agency services companies in the PRC held by the corresponding parties. The
                  loans to third parties bear interest rate at 6% to 15% per annum. These loans have a term of 2 to 12 months.
                  The reason for the Group to provide such loans to the third parties is for potential acquisitions of equity
                  interests of property management and property agency services companies.

           (c)    These receivables mainly included current accounts due from third parties, which are mainly interest-free,
                  unsecured and repayable according to contract terms.




174   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




27. Trade and other receivables (Continued)
    (d)   In May 2025, the Company entered into the loan agreements with Concrete Win Limited (“Concrete Win”)
          and Fortune Warrior Global Limited (“Fortune Warrior”) (the “Borrowers”), which are entities directly wholly-
          owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”), pursuant to which the Company agreed
          to provide revolving loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (or HKD equivalent)
          to the Borrowers. The maturity date of the loan is from the date of the grant of the first loan by the Company
          until the fifth anniversary or the date on which the Company declares the loan to be due before maturity with
          an annual rate of 5%.

          Furthermore, the Company (as the Chargee) also entered into a deed of share charge with the Borrowers, in
          respect of 543,695,233 shares of the Company beneficially held by the Borrowers, to secure the repayment
          and settlement of the principal and interest of the above loan agreement. During the drawdown period,
          whenever the Company distributes any cash dividends, the Company shall directly withhold the dividends
          attributable to the pledged shares of the Borrowers and apply such dividends to repay the interest, principal
          and other payables under the loan.

          As at 31 December 2025, the Company has granted the loan with the amount of RMB1,000,000,000
          (2024: nil) to the Borrowers. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company recorded interest income
          of RMB19,167,000 (2024: nil) (note 40(b)). The maximum amount outstanding during the year ended 31
          December 2025 is RMB1,019,167,000 (2024: nil).

          There was no loan transaction with related parties during the fiscal year 2024.

    (e)   See note 4.1.1 for the Group’s policy regarding impairment of trade and other receivables.

28. Cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits
                                                                                         At 31 December
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000

     Cash at banks (a)                                                                 12,899,715          15,897,241
     Less: Restricted bank deposits (b)                                                (1,048,222)           (560,016)


     Cash and cash equivalents                                                         11,851,493          15,337,225

    (a)   Cash at banks were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                         At 31 December
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000

           RMB                                                                         11,330,029          11,551,878
           HKD                                                                            212,522             172,271
           Other currencies                                                             1,357,164           4,173,092


                                                                                       12,899,715          15,897,241

    (b)   Restricted bank deposits mainly represent the cash deposits in bank as performance security for property
          management services according to the requirements of local government authorities, the deposits made
          as performance security for certain contracts relating to the environmental business and judicially frozen
          funds. As at 31 December 2025, the amount of restricted bank deposits includes RMB6,820,000 (2024:
          RMB5,689,000) in the frozen bank accounts of Caizhixin Services for its financial guarantee (note 43).

                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025    175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      29. Share capital and share premium
                                                                                                                                                Share
                                                                                         Equivalent                               Share purchased
                                                                              Nominal      nominal                          repurchased for the share
                                                               Number of      value of     value of       Share                       for      award
                                                    Notes         shares       shares       shares     premium        Total cancellation      scheme         Total
                                                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

             Authorised
             Authorised share capital of
               USD0.0001 each                               10,000,000,000   1,000,000

             At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024,
               and 31 December 2025                         10,000,000,000   1,000,000

             At 1 January 2024                               3,343,020,336    334,302        2,135    27,064,723   27,066,858          —            —     27,066,858
             Share repurchase/purchase               (a)                —          —            —             —            —           —      (545,443)     (545,443)
             Consideration issue                     (b)            29,255          3           —            456          456          —            —            456

             At 31 December 2024                             3,343,049,591    334,305        2,135    27,065,179   27,067,314          —      (545,443)   26,521,871

             At 1 January 2025                               3,343,049,591    334,305        2,135    27,065,179   27,067,314          —     (545,443)    26,521,871
             Share repurchase/purchase               (a)                —          —            —             —            —     (367,024)    (11,104)      (378,128)
             Consideration issue                     (b)           328,925         33           —         12,407       12,407          —           —          12,407
             Employee share schemes
               — exercise of share options           (c)          260,000          26            —         1,661        1,661          —            —          1,661

             At 31 December 2025                             3,343,638,516    334,364        2,135    27,079,247   27,081,382    (367,024)   (556,547)    26,157,811

           (a)     For the year ended 31 December 2025, a total of 2,120,000 (2024: 106,880,000) shares were purchased at
                   the consideration of RMB11,104,000 (2024: RMB545,443,000) under the share award scheme. Details refer
                   to note 32.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company bought back a total of 63,872,000 (2024: nil)
                   shares for cancellation but not yet cancelled. The authorities of buy-back were approved by shareholders at
                   the annual general meetings on 6 June 2024 and 23 May 2025, respectively. The total consideration paid
                   to buy back these shares was HKD403,422,000 (equivalent to RMB367,024,000) (2024: nil). The shares
                   were bought back at a weighted average price of HKD6.30 per share, with prices ranging from HKD5.95 to
                   HKD6.76. The total of 63,872,000 shares for cancellation but not yet cancelled were included in the issued
                   shares, and were cancelled in March 2026.

           (b)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company issued 328,925 (2024: 29,255) consideration
                   shares in aggregate to the former shareholder of Everjoy Services Company Limited for the property
                   management projects delivered in transit. The share based payment expense is recognised amounting to
                   RMB12,407,000 (2024: RMB456,000) for the year ended 31 December 2025 with a corresponding increase
                   in intangible assets-contract and customers relationship.

           (c)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company issued 260,000 shares as a result of the exercise
                   of share options by 3 employees (note 32), which were granted under the share option scheme adopted by
                   the Company in 2024, and raised net proceeds of approximately HKD1,302,600 (equivalent to approximately
                   RMB1,182,000) in total. In addition, the related share-based payments reserve of RMB479,000 was
                   transferred to the share premium account as a result of the above exercise of options. No share option was
                   exercised during the year ended 31 December 2024.


176   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




30. Other reserves
                                                                      Currency         Share-
                                         Statutory       FVOCI      translation        based
                                         Reserves       reserve        reserve      payments         Others          Total
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2024                     654,500        352,979        (51,996)      143,135        (174,309)      924,309
    Currency translation differences           —              —           (8,447)          —               —          (8,447)
    Changes in fair value of financial
       assets at FVOCI                         —         113,397             —              —              —        113,397
    Transactions with non-controlling
       interests (b)                           —              —              —              —         (45,574)       (45,574)
    Employees share schemes
       — value of employee
          services (note 10)                   —              —              —        123,265              —        123,265
    Disposals of financial assets
        at FVOCI                               —        (578,764)            —              —              —        (578,764)
    Transfer to statutory reserves (a)     69,290             —              —              —              —          69,290


    At 31 December 2024
       and 1 January 2025                 723,790       (112,388)       (60,443)      266,400        (219,883)      597,476


    Currency translation differences           —              —           2,294             —              —           2,294
    Changes in fair value of financial
       assets at FVOCI                         —         (76,964)            —              —              —         (76,964)
    Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                               —              —              —              —         (15,206)       (15,206)
    Employees share schemes
       — value of employee services
          (note 10)                            —              —              —        183,123              —        183,123
       — exercise of options (note 32)         —              —              —           (479)             —           (479)
    Transfer to statutory reserves (a)    151,257             —              —             —               —        151,257


    At 31 December 2025                   875,047       (189,352)       (58,149)      449,044        (235,089)      841,501

   (a)   Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations governing foreign investment enterprise established in the
         PRC and the articles of association of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group, the subsidiaries are required to
         transfer certain portion of their profit after taxation to the statutory reserve fund, until the accumulated total of
         the fund reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.

   (b)   This mainly includes the acquisitions of the additional equity interests of certain subsidiaries that provide
         property management services from the non-controlling interest.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025        177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      31. Retained earnings
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2025            2024
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

             At 1 January                                                                       9,497,683            8,164,706
             Profit for the year                                                                  601,497            1,808,357
             Disposals of financial assets at FVOCI                                                    —               578,764
             Transfer to statutory reserves (note 30)                                            (151,257)              (69,290)
             Dividends (note 15)                                                                 (988,945)            (984,854)


             At 31 December                                                                     8,958,978            9,497,683


      32. Share-based payments
           Share Option Scheme

           On 9 July 2024, the Company adopted the Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited 2024 Share
           Option Scheme (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”).

           Under the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the Company granted an aggregate of 225,350,000 share options to 60
           employee participants which comprise two directors of the Company in July 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the
           2024 Share Option Scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

           The options granted to the grantees will be vested in five batches for the relevant financial year, provided that the
           vesting conditions above are satisfied in the relevant financial year. Specifically, (i) 25% of the total number of the
           share options (batch one) will be vested on 1 April 2025 or extend for another year to 1 April 2026 if fail to achieve
           the 2024 performance condition; (ii) 20% of the total number of the share options (batch two) will be vested on
           1 April 2026 or extend for another year to 1 April 2027 if fail to achieve the 2025 performance condition; (iii) 20%
           of the total number of the share options (batch three) will be vested on 1 April 2027 or extend for another year to
           1 April 2028 if fail to achieve the 2026 performance condition; (iv) 20% of the total number of the share options
           (batch four) will be vested on 1 April 2028 or extend for another year to 1 April 2029 if fail to achieve the 2027
           performance condition; and (v) the remaining 15% of the total number of the share options (batch five) will be
           vested on 1 April 2029 or extend for another year to 1 April 2030 if fail to achieve the 2028 performance condition.
           If the vesting conditions above have not been fulfilled during the relevant financial year or its respective extension
           year, the corresponding percentage of the share options granted will lapse.

           All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 10 years
           after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD5.01 per share.

           No share option was granted during the year ended 31 December 2025.




178   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




32. Share-based payments (Continued)
   Share Option Scheme (Continued)

   Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                          2025                                     2024
                                            Weight average                           Weight average
                                             exercise price       Number of           exercise price         Number of
                                                    in HKD     share options                 in HKD        share options

    At 1 January                                       5.01         224,150,000                  —                    —
    Granted                                              —                   —                 5.01         225,350,000
    Forfeited                                          5.01          (4,231,250)               5.01           (1,200,000)
    Exercised                                          5.01            (260,000)                 —                    —

    At 31 December                                     5.01         219,658,750                5.01         224,150,000

    Vested and exercisable at
      31 December                                      5.01          54,171,250                  —                    —

   In respect of the share options exercised during the year, the weighted average share price at the date of exercise
   was HKD6.36 (2024: n/a) per share.

   Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                   Share options          Share options
                                                                                    outstanding             outstanding
                                                                                   31 December            31 December
    Grant date                    Expiry date                 Exercise price               2025                   2024

    22 July 2024                  21 July 2034                     HKD5.01           219,658,750          224,150,000

   The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the period is approximately 8.6
   years.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025       179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      32. Share-based payments (Continued)
           Share Option Scheme (Continued)

           The fair value of share options granted in 2024 ranges from HKD2.02 to HKD3.20 (equivalent to RMB1.84 to
           RMB2.92) per option, which was determined using the Binomial Model by an independent appraiser based on
           significant unobservable inputs. These inputs include:

                                                                                       Range of    Relationship of
                               Fair value of share       Unobservable              unobservable    unobservable inputs
             Description       options granted           inputs                          inputs    to fair value

             Share options     HKD581,852,000            Exercise multiples              2.2-2.8   The higher the exercise
                                (equivalent to                                                       multiples, the higher the fair
                                RMB531,423,000)                                                      value
                                                         Volatility                     70.34%     The higher the volatility, the
                                                                                                     higher the fair value
                                                         Risk-free interest rate         3.16%     The higher the risk-free interest
                                                                                                     rate, the higher the fair value
                                                         Dividend yield                  0.49%     The lower the dividend yield, the
                                                                                                     higher the fair value

           There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair values. The
           Group recognised the share-based compensation expenses in “General and administrative expenses” for the share
           options granted to the directors, senior management and employees of the Group.

           The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

           The Group recognised total expense of RMB183,123,000 (2024: RMB123,265,000) for the year ended 31
           December 2025 in relation to share options granted by the Company.

           The number of share options granted expected to vest has been reduced to reflect historical experience of
           forfeiture of options granted prior to completion of vesting period and accordingly the share option expense has
           been adjusted. At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are
           expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the profit
           and loss over the remaining vesting period, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.

           Share Award Scheme

           On 18 November 2024, the Company adopted the Share Award Scheme. According to the rules of the Share
           Award Scheme and the terms of the trust deed, a designated subsidiary of the Company established a trust in the
           PRC and entrusted the trustee to purchase a total of 109,000,000 shares of the Company on the open market.
           For the year ended 31 December 2025, a total of 2,120,000 (2024: 106,880,000) shares were purchased at the
           consideration of RMB11,104,000 (2024: RMB545,443,000) under the Share Award Scheme. In 2025 and 2024,
           the Company did not grant any share award.




180   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




33. Trade and other payables
                                                                                      At 31 December
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000

    Trade payables
      — Related parties (note 40(e))                                                   273,132            175,195
      — Third parties                                                                9,542,042          8,458,982


                                                                                     9,815,174          8,634,177


    Other payables
      — Deposits                                                                     1,872,419          2,052,592
      — Temporary receipts from properties owners                                    3,030,823          2,985,848
      — Provision for financial guarantee (note 43)                                    129,949             46,635
      — Considerations payable for business combinations                                    —               9,265
      — Dividend payables                                                               33,767             19,642
      — Accruals and others                                                            916,358            907,298


                                                                                     5,983,316          6,021,280


    Contingent considerations for business combinations                                 94,216            118,235
    Payroll payables                                                                 3,121,802          3,292,507
    Other taxes payables                                                               863,304            757,589


                                                                                    19,877,812         18,823,788

   As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated their fair values.

   The aging analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                      At 31 December
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000

    Within one year                                                                  8,503,825          7,397,618
    1 to 2 years                                                                       852,282            802,199
    2 to 3 years                                                                       360,400            364,184
    Over 3 years                                                                        98,667             70,176


                                                                                     9,815,174          8,634,177




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      34. Deferred income tax
           The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities was as follows:

                                                                                                         At 31 December
                                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000

             Deferred income tax assets:
               — to be recovered within 12 months                                                        346,837               492,508
               — to be recovered over 12 months                                                        1,234,661               849,028

             Total deferred tax assets                                                                 1,581,498              1,341,536
             Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                          (97,348)              (211,292)

             Net deferred tax assets                                                                   1,484,150              1,130,244

             Deferred income tax liabilities:
               — to be recovered within 12 months                                                        268,371                353,121
               — to be recovered over 12 months                                                        1,147,449              1,457,083

             Total deferred tax liabilities                                                            1,415,820              1,810,204
             Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                               (97,348)              (211,292)

             Net deferred tax liabilities                                                              1,318,472              1,598,912

           The movement in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
           offsetting of balances, was as follows.

           Deferred income tax assets:

                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                      Allowance for                               changes of
                                                      impairment of                    Lease        financial   Share-based
                                                         receivables   Tax losses   liabilities        assets     payments        Total
                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


             At 1 January 2024                              802,541      104,809     225,715              —              —      1,133,065
             Acquisition of subsidiaries                        625            —           —              —              —            625
             Disposal of subsidiaries                        (1,067)        (116)          —              —              —         (1,183)
             Credited/(charged) to profit or loss            93,938       68,582     (10,438)             —          30,816       182,898
             Credited to other comprehensive income               —            —           —          26,131             —         26,131

             At 31 December 2024                            896,037      173,275     215,277          26,131         30,816     1,341,536

             At 1 January 2025                              896,037      173,275      215,277         26,131         30,816     1,341,536
             Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38)             1,085           —           —              —              —           1,085
             Disposal of subsidiaries                       (16,578)      (3,289)    (12,142)             —              —        (32,009)
             Credited/(charged) to profit or loss           188,516      130,242    (120,492)             —          45,245       243,511
             Credited to other comprehensive income               —            —           —          27,375             —          27,375

             At 31 December 2025                          1,069,060      300,228       82,643         53,506         76,061     1,581,498


182   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




34. Deferred income tax (Continued)
    Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that the realisation of
    the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the
    Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB76,563,000 (2024:
    RMB51,779,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. Tax losses of group entities operated
    in the PRC could be carried forward for a maximum of five years. These tax losses will expire up to year 2030 (2024:
    2029).

    Deferred income tax liabilities:

                                                                                          Withholding
                                                                              Fair value   income tax        Fair value Contractual
                                                          Differences on      gain from on profits to       changes of        service
                                             Right-of-use recognition of       business be distributed        financial    concession
                                                   assets depreciation      combination       in future          assets arrangements         Total
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


     At 1 January 2024                           (225,563)        (3,526)     (1,636,333)      (178,792)       (61,447)         (4,208)   (2,109,869)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                          —              —            12,940             —             —               —          12,940
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                       —              —           (10,991)            —             —               —         (10,991)
     Credited/(charged) to profit or loss          14,267          3,197         243,289          (3,115)      (15,706)       (12,851)       229,081
     Credited to other comprehensive
       income                                          —              —               —              —          68,635             —         68,635


     At 31 December 2024                         (211,296)         (329)      (1,391,095)      (181,907)        (8,518)       (17,059)    (1,810,204)


     At 1 January 2025                           (211,296)         (329)      (1,391,095)      (181,907)        (8,518)       (17,059)    (1,810,204)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                      12,788            —             8,163             —              —              —          20,951
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38)             —             —              (173)            —              —              —            (173)
     Credited/(charged) to profit or loss         122,079           329          255,498        (10,114)         4,679          1,135        373,606


     At 31 December 2025                          (76,429)            —       (1,127,607)      (192,021)        (3,839)       (15,924)    (1,415,820)

    As at 31 December 2025, the retained earnings of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries not yet remitted to holding
    companies incorporated outside PRC, for which no deferred income tax liability had been provided, were
    approximately RMB11,315,359,000 (2024: RMB11,052,804,000). Such earnings are expected to be retained by
    the PRC subsidiaries for reinvestment purposes and would not be remitted to their overseas holding companies in
    the foreseeable future based on management’s estimation of overseas funding requirements.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025           183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      35. Bank and other borrowings
                                                At 31 December 2025                        At 31 December 2024
                                            Current Non-current     Total             Current Non-current        Total
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


             Secured
               Bank loans                    145,982      362,994       508,976       243,055         350,294      593,349
               Other borrowings              118,145      151,002       269,147        94,176         167,831      262,007


                                             264,127      513,996       778,123       337,231         518,125      855,356


             Unsecured:
               Bank loans                    118,980        6,013       124,993          14,900              —      14,900
               Other borrowings                  462      723,201       723,663              —               —          —


                                             119,442      729,214       848,656          14,900              —      14,900


             Total bank and other
               borrowings                    383,569     1,243,210     1,626,779      352,131         518,125      870,256

           The Group’s secured borrowings as at 31 December 2025 were amounted to RMB778,123,000 (2024:
           RMB855,356,000), mainly secured by certain transportation equipment and land use rights of the Group with net
           book amount of RMB179,999,000 (2024: RMB119,476,000) and pledged by rights of collection of several projects
           of environmental business.

           As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                               Bank loans                          Other borrowings
                                                               2025          2024                    2025           2024
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000                 RMB’000        RMB’000


             Within 1 year                                   264,962           257,955             118,607          94,176
             Over 1 year and within 2 years                   50,913            22,950               9,499          20,236
             Over 2 years and within 5 years                  77,644            57,094             723,304           5,000
             Over 5 years                                    240,450           270,250             141,400         142,595


                                                             633,969           608,249             992,810         262,007

           The weighted average effective interest rate for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 4.40% (2024: 4.25%) per
           annum.

           The Group’s bank and other borrowings are denominated in RMB, functional currency of the respective group
           entities.

           The carrying amounts of the borrowings are approximate to their fair value, as the impact of discounting using the
           current borrowing rate is not significant.




184   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




36. Cash flow information
   (a)   Cash generated from operations

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025            2024
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000


          Profit before income tax                                                1,118,629            2,706,706
          Adjustments for
            — Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)               471,904              455,260
            — Depreciation of other right-of-use assets (note 17)                   159,327              177,897
            — Depreciation of investment properties (note 18)                       163,045              127,533
            — Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets (note 19)          968,891              990,000
            — Amortisation of other intangible assets (note 19)                   1,204,283            1,227,819
            — Losses on disposals of plant, property and equipment,
                  and investment properties (note 8)                                 32,167                25,689
            — Losses/(gains) from the change of sublease contracts (note 8)          10,950               (78,652)
            — Losses/(gains) on disposals of investments accounted for
                  using the equity method (note 8)                                       338               (4,009)
            — (Gains)/losses on early termination of lease contracts (note 8)        (27,375)               4,861
            — Realised and unrealised (gains)/losses from financial
                  assets at FVPL (note 8)                                            (53,019)              18,294
            — Fair value change on contingent considerations (note 8)                 (7,535)            (531,876)
            — Employee share schemes – value of employee services
                  (note 10)                                                         183,123              123,265
            — Share of results of investments accounted for using
                  the equity method (note 21)                                        49,688                11,560
            — Losses on disposals of subsidiaries (note 8)                           91,569                38,589
            — Finance income – net (note 11)                                       (139,044)              (48,155)
            — Dividends received from financial assets at FVOCI (note 7)            (34,839)              (76,017)

          Changes in working capital (excluding the effects of acquisition
            and disposals of subsidiaries):
            — Restricted bank deposits                                              (577,523)            (257,926)
            — Inventories                                                           (165,920)              (26,879)
            — Trade and other receivables                                         (1,071,165)          (1,700,774)
            — Contract assets                                                              –               (15,148)
            — Other current assets                                                  (559,015)            (344,020)
            — Contract liabilities                                                   638,966              635,938
            — Trade and other payables                                             1,276,783            1,459,400


          Cash generated from operations                                          3,734,228            4,919,355

   (b)   Non-cash investing and financing activities

         Significant non-cash investing and financing activities for the year end 31 December 2025 represented
         additions of other right-of-use assets amounted to RMB194,206,000 (2024: RMB299,230,000 (note 17),
         additions of investment properties amounted to RMB278,178,000 (2024: RMB478,340,000) and additions of
         receivables from finance leases amounted to RMB36,675,000 (2024: RMB183,979,000).




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025    185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      36. Cash flow information (Continued)
           (c)    In the consolidated statements of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, and
                  investment properties comprise:

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Net book amount                                                                112,972                269,789
                   Losses on disposals (note 8)                                                   (32,167)               (25,689)


                   Proceeds from disposals                                                           80,805              244,100

           (d)    Net cash reconciliation

                  This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt.

                                                                                            Liabilities from
                                                                     Other assets        financing activities
                                                                                                          Bank and
                                                                                           Lease             other
                                                                           Cash        liabilities      borrowings         Total
                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000


                   Net debt at 1 January 2025                          15,337,225     (1,929,959)         (870,256)     12,537,010
                   Cash flows                                          (3,536,738)       283,439          (679,852)     (3,933,151)
                   Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 38)                      —              —            (26,505)        (26,505)
                   Disposals of subsidiaries                                   —          27,213                —           27,213
                   Acquisition of new contracts                                —        (264,364)               —         (264,364)
                   Interest expenses accrued                                   —         (86,649)          (50,166)       (136,815)
                   Early termination of contracts                              —         803,836                —          803,836
                   Currency translation differences                        51,006             —                 —           51,006


                   Net debt at 31 December 2025                        11,851,493     (1,166,484)       (1,626,779)      9,058,230

                                                                                             Liabilities from
                                                                      Other assets        financing activities
                                                                                                            Bank and
                                                                                            Lease               other
                                                                            Cash        liabilities        borrowings       Total
                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Net debt at 1 January 2024                          12,637,187     (1,517,679)       (1,569,548)      9,549,960
                   Cash flows                                           2,737,419        337,913           826,385       3,901,717
                   Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 38)                       —              —            (51,982)        (51,982)
                   Acquisition of new contracts                                 —       (777,570)                —        (777,570)
                   Interest expenses accrued                                    —         (93,989)          (75,111)      (169,100)
                   Early termination of contracts                               —        121,366                 —         121,366
                   Currency translation differences                        (37,381)            —                 —          (37,381)


                   Net debt at 31 December 2024                        15,337,225     (1,929,959)         (870,256)     12,537,010

186   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




37. Commitments
   Commitments for capital expenditures

                                                                                       At 31 December
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

    Contracted but not provided for:
    Property, plant and equipment                                                           495                 832
    Right-of-use assets                                                                      —                  440
    Other intangible assets                                                                  55                  —


38. Business combination
   For the year ended 31 December 2025

   During the fiscal year 2025, the Group acquired 12 subsidiaries with a total cash consideration of RMB43,249,000.
   These subsidiaries are engaged in property management services or Three Supplies and Property Management
   related services and were acquired for the objective of expanding the Group’s relevant businesses. The acquisitions
   have been accounted for as acquisition of businesses using the acquisition method.



   Consideration transferred

                                                                                                          RMB’000

    Cash consideration                                                                                       43,249
    Interests in associates before acquisitions (note 21)                                                    79,012

    Total consideration transferred                                                                         122,261
    Cash consideration settled in 2025                                                                       43,249




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025     187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      38. Business combination (Continued)
           Acquisition-related costs are not significant and have been excluded from the consideration transferred and have
           been recognised as an expense in the current year, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income.

           Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                                               RMB’000

             Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                              79,029
             Other intangible assets (note 19)                                                                     2,228
             Deferred income tax assets (note 34)                                                                  1,085
             Trade and other receivables                                                                         196,534
             Inventory                                                                                               321
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           134,529
             Borrowings                                                                                          (26,505)
             Trade and other payables                                                                           (182,335)
             Contract liabilities                                                                                (11,896)
             Current income tax liabilities                                                                      (22,088)
             Deferred income tax liabilities (note 34)                                                              (173)

             Total identifiable net assets                                                                       170,729

           Non-controlling interests

           The non-controlling interests of the acquirees recognised at the acquisition dates were measured by reference to
           the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of the acquirees and amounted to RMB48,468,000.

           Goodwill arising on acquisitions:

                                                                                                               RMB’000

             Consideration transferred                                                                           122,261
             Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                      48,468
             Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                     170,729

                                                                                                                        –

           Net cash outflow on the acquisitions

                                                                                                               RMB’000

             Cash consideration paid                                                                              43,249
             Less: Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                           (134,529)

             Net cash outflows on the acquisitions                                                                (91,280)

           Among these acquisitions, the Group acquired 51% equity interest of Guangzhou Country Garden Shuttle Bus
           Service Co., Ltd. (“CG Shuttle Bus”) from an entity controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder at a cash
           consideration of RMB11,689,000.


188   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




38. Business combination (Continued)
    Impact of acquisitions on the results of the Group

    Included in the profit for the year is RMB25,421,000 attributable to the additional business generated by the
    acquirees. Revenue for the year includes RMB1,520,533,000 generated from the acquirees.

    Had these acquisitions been completed on 1 January 2025, revenue for the year of the Group would have been
    RMB48,756,568,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB597,286,000. The pro forma information is for
    illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that
    actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2025, nor is it intended to be
    a projection of future results.

    In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had these acquisitions been completed at the
    beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company calculated depreciation of property, plant and
    equipment based on the recognised amounts of property, plant and equipment at the date of the acquisitions.

    For the year ended 31 December 2024

    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Sichuan Hemeng, 80%
    equity interest in Baoshihua Human Resources Co., Limited and its subsidiaries, and one property management
    company from third parties at an aggregated fixed cash consideration of RMB200,144,000.

    Consideration transferred

                                                                                                              RMB’000

     Cash consideration                                                                                        200,144
     Interests in associates before acquisitions (note 21)                                                      14,318
     Total consideration transferred                                                                           214,462

     Cash consideration settled in 2024                                                                        183,144
     Outstanding as at 31 December 2024                                                                         17,000

    Goodwill arising on acquisitions:

                                                                                                              RMB’000

     Consideration transferred                                                                                  214,462
     Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                             16,546
     Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                           (154,206)

                                                                                                                 76,802

    Net cash outflow on the acquisitions

                                                                                                              RMB’000

     Cash consideration paid                                                                                    183,144
     Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                   (59,486)
     Offset of the balance of other receivables                                                                (143,000)

     Net cash outflows on the acquisitions                                                                      (19,342)


                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025       189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      39. Disposals of subsidiaries
           During the fiscal year 2025, the Group disposed of interests in a number of subsidiaries to certain independent third
           parties, 90% equity interest of one subsidiary to a related company and 100% equity interest of one subsidiary to a
           related company (note 40(f)). Details of the disposals are as follows:

                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

             Disposal considerations                                                               6,639             106,408
               — Cash received                                                                     5,463             106,408
               — Outstanding and included in other receivables                                     1,176                  —


             Total net assets of subsidiaries disposed of                                        176,234             172,617
             Non-controlling interests disposed of                                                78,026              27,620

             Losses on disposals (note 8)                                                        (91,569)             (38,589)


             Cash proceeds from disposals, net of cash disposed of
               — Cash considerations received                                                       5,463            106,408
               — Less: cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries disposed of                 (31,262)            (57,782)


             Net cash (outflow)/inflow on disposals                                              (25,799)              48,626




190   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




40. Related party transactions
   (a)   Ultimate controlling shareholder

         The Company is ultimately controlled by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”).

   (b)   Transactions with related parties

         The Group has entered into the following significant transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


           Provision of services (i)
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                 296,583              365,691
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                  Shareholder                                                               25,613               37,994
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                  significant influence                                                    207,220               73,107
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                                   21,617                5,338


                                                                                           551,033              482,130


           Purchase of goods and services
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                  47,533               44,210
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                 Shareholder                                                                 7,677               48,664
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                 significant influence                                                      40,173               17,756
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                 Controlling Shareholder                                                   202,817                1,946


                                                                                           298,200              112,576

         (i)   Since 2023, as the credit risk of certain related parties has increased significantly, the Group only
               recognised revenue from the related parties according to policies in note 6(c), and no change was
               made for the fiscal year 2025. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not recognised
               revenue without collection of consideration from provision of services to these related parties amounting
               to RMB153,448,000 (2024: RMB151,075,000).




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      40. Related party transactions (Continued)
           (b)    Transactions with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Interest expenses on lease liabilities
                      — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder               470                   —

                   Repayment of lease liabilities
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder              2,204                   —

                   Rental expenses
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder             10,132              10,941

                   Interest income
                      — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                          Shareholder (note 27(d))                                             19,167                   —

                  The prices for the above service fees and goods were determined in accordance with the terms mutually
                  agreed by the contract parties.

           (c)    Free trademark license agreement

                  A trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Company and a subsidiary of Country
                  Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CGH”), Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development
                  Company Limited (“佛山市順德區碧桂園物業發展有限公司”) (“Foshan Shunde”) and a deed of trademark
                  licencing was entered into between the Company and CGH (the “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”).
                  Pursuant to the Trademark Licencing Arrangement, Foshan Shunde agreed and CGH would procure Foshan
                  Shunde to irrevocably and unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use several
                  trademarks registered in the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of the
                  Trademark Licencing Agreement and the deed of trademark licencing, which are subject to the renewal of the
                  licenced trademarks, on a royalty-free basis.




192   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




40. Related party transactions (Continued)
    (d)   Key management compensation

          Key management includes directors and senior management. Compensations for key management are set
          out below:

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


           Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                            19,029               14,910
           Share-based payments                                                       38,538               28,411
           Fees                                                                        1,200                1,123
           Contribution to retirement benefits and other social insurances               420                  389


                                                                                      59,187               44,833

    (e)   Balances with related parties

                                                                                     At 31 December
                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

           Receivables from related parties

           Trade receivables
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder         2,048,725            2,364,647
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                  Shareholder                                                         65,713               71,780
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                  significant influence                                               26,812              110,401
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                              4,017                1,741


                                                                                   2,145,267            2,548,569


             Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables from
                     related parties (note 4.1.1)                                  (1,572,946)         (1,886,053)


                                                                                     572,321              662,516




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      40. Related party transactions (Continued)
           (e)    Balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

                   Receivables from related parties

                   Prepayments
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                 2,002                8,786
                     — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder           177                  276
                     — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                         significant influence                                                         —                   63
                     — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                         Controlling Shareholder                                                       15                    6

                                                                                                   2,194                9,131

                   Receivables from related parties

                   Loan receivables (include accrued interest)
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                          (note 27(d))                                                         1,019,167                    —

                   Payables to related parties

                   Trade payables
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder               212,022              153,563
                     — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder         9,654               13,383
                     — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                         significant influence                                                    10,603                7,725
                     — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                         Controlling Shareholder                                                  40,853                  524

                                                                                                 273,132              175,195

                   Contract liabilities
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder               106,187              109,051
                     — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder         6,068                2,569
                     — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                         significant influence                                                     3,757                9,386
                     — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                         Controlling Shareholder                                                   1,393                  269

                                                                                                 117,405              121,275

           (f)    Business combination and disposal transactions with entities controlled by the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder

                  For the year ended 31 December 2025

                  The Group acquired 51% equity interest of a community shuttle bus service provider from an entity controlled
                  by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder at the cash consideration of RMB11,689,000.

                  The Group disposed of 100% equity interest of one subsidiary and 90% equity interest of the other subsidiary
                  to entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder, with the remaining 10% equity interests in the
                  second subsidiary transferred to an independent third party, at the total cash consideration of approximately
                  RMB1,176,000. The Group recorded gains on disposals of amounting to RMB19,229,000 in aggregate.


194   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




41. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the company
                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


    Assets
    Non-current assets
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                    646,145             463,022
    Property, plant and equipment                                                        3                   3
    Other receivables                                                           24,373,788          22,450,182


                                                                                25,019,936          22,913,207


    Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                       208,355          4,135,667
    Dividends receivable                                                          5,829,770          4,176,563
    Other receivables                                                                    15                 62


                                                                                  6,038,140          8,312,292


    Total assets                                                                31,058,076          31,225,499


    Equity
    Share capital and share premium                                             26,714,358          27,067,315
    Other reserves                                                                 401,028             218,384
    Retained earnings                                                            3,936,364           3,897,167


    Total equity                                                                31,051,750          31,182,866


    Liability
    Current liability
    Other payables                                                                    6,326             42,633


    Total liability                                                                   6,326             42,633


    Total equity and liability                                                  31,058,076          31,225,499

   The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the board of directors on 27 March 2026 and
   was signed on its behalf.




                         Xu Binhuai                                             Xiao Hua
                           Director                                              Director




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025    195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      41. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the company
           (Continued)

           Movement of retained earnings and other reserves of the Company

                                                                             Retained        Other
                                                                             earnings     reserves
                                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000

             At 1 January 2024                                               3,347,096      95,119
             Profit for the year                                             1,534,925          —
             Dividends                                                        (984,854)         —
             Issue of shares under employee scheme                                  —      123,265

             At 31 December 2024                                             3,897,167     218,384

             At 1 January 2025                                               3,897,167     218,384
             Profit for the year                                             1,028,142          —
             Dividends                                                        (988,945)         —
             Issue of shares under employee scheme                                  —      183,123
             Exercise of share options                                              —         (479)

             At 31 December 2025                                             3,936,364     401,028


      42. Directors’ benefits and interests
           Chairman and Non-executive Director

           Ms. Yang Huiyan (note (a))

           Executive Directors

           Mr. Xu Binhuai, President
           Mr. Xiao Hua

           Independent non-executive Directors

           Mr. Mei Wenjue
           Mr. Rui Meng
           Mr. Chen Weiru
           Mr. Zhao Jun




196   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




42. Directors’ benefits and interests (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’ emoluments

          The directors received emoluments from the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 as follows:

                                                                                                          Employee
                                                                                  Contributions               share
                                                                                   to retirement          schemes-
                                                                                    benefits and              value
                                                                                    other social       of employee
            Name                                             Fees          Salary security costs           services
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000


            Executive directors
            Mr. Xu Binhuai                                      —            3,461               64         11,225
            Mr. Xiao Hua                                        —            2,699               43          4,677

            Independent non-executive directors
            Mr. Mei Wenjue                                     300              —                —               —
            Mr. Chen Weiru                                     300              —                —               —
            Mr. Rui Meng                                       300              —                —               —
            Mr. Zhao Jun                                       300              —                —               —


                                                             1,200           6,160             107          15,902

          The directors received emoluments from the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 as follows:

                                                                                                          Employee
                                                                                     Contributions            share
                                                                                      to retirement       schemes-
                                                                                       benefits and         value of
                                                                                        other social      employee
            Name                                             Fees          Salary    security costs         services
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


            Executive directors
            Mr. Xu Binhuai                                      —            3,500               63           8,275
            Mr. Xiao Hua                                        —            1,860               41           3,448
            Mr. Guo Zhanjun (i)                                 —              187               14              —

            Independent non-executive directors
            Mr. Mei Wenjue                                     300              —                —               —
            Mr. Chen Weiru                                     300              —                —               —
            Mr. Rui Meng                                       300              —                —               —
            Mr. Zhao Jun                                       223              —                —               —


                                                             1,123           5,547             118          11,723

          (i)   In April 2024, Mr. Guo Zhanjun resigned from his position and remains as a senior executive of the
                Group.



                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025      197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      42. Directors’ benefits and interests (Continued)
           (a)    Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

                  The non-executive director, Ms. Yang Huiyan did not receive any emoluments from the Group during the
                  years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. Ms. Yang Huiyan have made arrangements with the Company
                  under which she has waived or agreed to waive her emoluments.

           (b)    Directors’ retirement benefits

                  There were no retirement benefits paid to or receivable by directors during the year by defined benefit
                  pension plans operated by the Group (2024: nil).

           (c)    Directors’ termination benefits

                  There were no director’s termination benefits subsisted during the year (2024: nil) and there was no
                  compensation paid during the year (2024: nil) for the loss of office as a director of the Group or any other
                  office in connection with the management of the affairs of any member of the Group.

           (d)    Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

                  There was no consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services subsisted during
                  the year (2024: nil).

           (e)    Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies
                  corporate by and connected entities with such directors

                  During the fiscal year 2025, the Company entered in to the loan agreement with the Borrowers which are
                  entities directly controlled by the Chairman and non-executive director, Ms. Yang Huiyan. The details of the
                  transaction refers to note 27(d) (2024: nil).

           (f)    Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

                  The Chairman and non-executive director, Ms. Yang Huiyan, is an executive director of CGH. The Group’s
                  transactions with CGH and its related entities are set out in note 40.

                  Save for the aforementioned transactions, no other significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
                  relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company
                  had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
                  year (2024: nil).




198   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




43. Financial guarantee
   Caizhixin Services, a subsidiary of the Company, was acquired by the Group from its original shareholder,
   Chongqing Caixin Group Co., Ltd. (“Caixin Group”), on 30 September 2021 (the “Acquisition Date”). In late August
   2022, certain bank accounts of Caizhixin Services were frozen judicially, in light of the fact that Caizhixin Services
   provided joint and several guarantee to a trust financing arrangement of Caixin Group prior to the Acquisition
   Date. The Company was informed by Caixin Group and validated the existence of this obligation after the incident
   happened.

   According to information subsequently obtained, in addition to the pledge of the equity interest of a subsidiary held
   by Caixin Group, the debts were also secured by another eight guarantors, including: (1) one guarantor providing
   guarantees by way of asset pledge; and (2) the other seven entities (including Caizhixin Services) providing joint
   and several guarantee obligations. As at 31 December 2025, the principal amount involved in the guarantee of the
   relevant debt is approximately RMB689,500,000. Together with accrued interests and penalties, the total guarantee
   amount is approximately RMB1,128,000,000.

   Management of the Company represents that: (1) the Caixin Group confirms that, apart from this, Caizhixin Services
   provided no other external guarantee prior to the Acquisition Date; (2) the normal operation of Caizhixin Services
   has not been materially and adversely affected; (3) since the engagement with and acquisition of Caizhixin Services
   by the Group, Caixin Group has disclosed and undertaken that the guarantee did not exist during the course of due
   diligence and negotiation of the acquisition agreement, which, at present, is in violation of the relevant covenants
   and undertakings under the agreement regarding the acquisition of Caizhixin Services; (4) the Group has actively
   taken legal proceedings, to protect the Group’s legitimate rights and interests. As at 31 December 2025, the
   amount of restricted bank deposits in the frozen bank accounts of Caizhixin Services was RMB6,820,000 (2024:
   RMB5,689,000). As at 31 December 2025, the Group has assessed that the expected credit losses for the financial
   guarantee and accordingly made a provision of RMB129,949,000 (2024: RMB46,635,000). When estimating
   the expected credit losses of the financial guarantee, management applied estimation under various scenarios of
   repayment orders after taking into account the lawyers’ opinion.

44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies
   44.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

         (a)   Subsidiaries

               Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
               controls an entity where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
               with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the
               entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
               They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

               Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group entities
               are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
               impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
               necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

               Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
               consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
               changes in equity and consolidated statement of financial position respectively.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025        199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
           44.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

                  (b)   Associates

                        Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                        control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                        Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (note 44.1.(d)), after
                        initially being recognised at cost.

                  (c)   Joint arrangements

                        Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint
                        operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of
                        each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The Group has joint ventures
                        only.

                        Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (note 44.1.(d)), after initially being
                        recognised at cost.

                  (d)   Equity method

                        Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
                        thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                        profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in
                        other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are
                        recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                        Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                        the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further
                        losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                        Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
                        eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated
                        unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies
                        of equity-accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
                        policies adopted by the Group.

                        The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                        policy described in note 44.6.




200   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

        (e)   Changes in equity interests

              The Group accounts for transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
              control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an
              adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect
              their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-
              controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within
              equity attributable to owners of the Group.

              When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
              control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair
              value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial
              carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate,
              joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive
              income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
              assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
              are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
              applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards.

              If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant
              influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other
              comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

   44.2 Separate financial statements

        Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
        costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
        received and receivable.

        Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
        investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
        dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
        the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

   44.3 Segment reporting

        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
        chief operating decision-maker. The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
        performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that
        make strategic decisions.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025        201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
           44.4 Foreign currency translation

                  (i)     Functional and presentation currency

                          Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                          currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                          The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and
                          presentation currency.

                  (ii)    Transactions and balances

                          Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                          at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                          such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                          currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                          Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                          exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and
                          liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation
                          differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at FVPL are recognised in profit
                          or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as
                          equities classified as FVOCI are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  (iii)   Group entities

                          The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                          hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency of
                          RMB are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                          •     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                                closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position,

                          •     income and expenses for each consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                                income are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation
                                of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                                expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                          •     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                          On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                          entities and of borrowings are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation
                          is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange
                          differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.




202   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.5 Property, plant and equipment

        Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation, net of any impairment losses, if
        any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
        appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
        Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted
        for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to
        profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
        reporting period.

        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
        amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

        Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
        recognised within ‘Other gains/(losses) – net’ in profit or loss.

   44.6 Impairment of non-financial assets

        Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
        annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
        impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
        the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the
        asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s
        FVLCOD and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
        for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from
        other assets or groups of assets (CGU). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment
        are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025       203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
           44.7 Investments and other financial assets

                  (i)     Classification

                          The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                          •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through Other Comprehensive Income
                                (“OCI”), or through profit or loss), and

                          •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                          The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                          contractual terms of the cash flows.

                          For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For
                          investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable
                          election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.

                  (ii)    Recognition and derecognition

                          Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
                          the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
                          receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                          transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                  (iii)   Measurement

                          At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
                          asset not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.
                          Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                          Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                          their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                          Equity instruments

                          The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management
                          has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
                          reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
                          investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other
                          income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                          Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) – net in the
                          profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments
                          measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.




204   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.8 Offsetting financial instruments

        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of
        financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is
        an intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The legally
        enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of
        business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.

   44.9 Impairment of financial assets

        The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets carried
        at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
        increase in credit risk.

        The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a
        significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether
        there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset
        at the reporting date with the risk of default at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable
        and supportive forward-looking information. Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

        •     internal credit rating;

        •     external credit rating;

        •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
              expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations;

        •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of individual property owner or the
              borrower;

        •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the individual property owner or the
              same borrower; and

        •     significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower, including changes in
              the payment status of borrowers in the Group and changes in the operating results of the borrower.

        For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9,
        which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025        205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
           44.9 Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                  For other receivables, the Group assesses whether their credit risk has increased significantly since their
                  initial recognition, and applies a three-stage impairment model to calculate their impairment allowance and
                  recognize their expected credit losses, as follows:

                  Stage 1        if the credit risk has not increased significantly since its initial recognition, the financial asset is
                                 included in Stage 1.

                  Stage 2        if the credit risk has increased significantly since its initial recognition but is not yet deemed to
                                 be credit-impaired, the financial instrument is included in Stage 2.

                  Stage 3        if the financial instruments are credit-impaired, the financial instrument is included in Stage 3.

           44.10 Inventories

                  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted
                  average method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
                  applicable variable selling expenses.

           44.11 Trade and other receivables

                  Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services provided in the ordinary course of business.
                  If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle if
                  longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

                  Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
                  contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the
                  trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
                  subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Details about the Group’s impairment
                  policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in note 4.1.1.

           44.12 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits

                  For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents
                  includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term, highly liquid investments with
                  original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
                  are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank deposits which are restricted to use are included
                  in “restricted bank deposits” of the consolidated statement of financial position. Restricted bank deposits are
                  excluded from cash and cash equivalents.




206   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.13 Share capital

        Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

        Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
        deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

        Buy back of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or
        loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
        instruments.

   44.14 Trade and other payables

        Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
        financial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment
        is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and
        subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

   44.15 Borrowings

        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
        subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
        and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs
        of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the
        fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or
        all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised
        over the period of the facility to which it relates.

        Borrowings are removed from the consolidated statement of financial position when the obligation specified
        in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial
        liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any
        non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
        of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025        207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
           44.16 Borrowing costs

                  General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                  production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and
                  prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
                  period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

                  Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
                  qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                  Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

           44.17 Current and deferred income tax

                  The tax expense for the period comprised current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except
                  to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this
                  case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

                  (i)    Current income tax

                         The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                         enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the company and its subsidiaries and
                         associates operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken
                         in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation
                         and considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment.
                         The Group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value,
                         depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.

                  (ii)   Deferred income tax

                         Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                         between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
                         statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition
                         of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset
                         or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                         neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                         temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been
                         enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when
                         the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                         Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
                         utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                         Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
                         amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control the
                         timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse
                         in the foreseeable future.




208   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.17 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

        (ii)    Deferred income tax (Continued)

                Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
                assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current
                tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and
                intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

   44.18 Employee benefits

        (i)     Pension obligations

                A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a
                separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the
                fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the
                current and prior periods.

                The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution benefit plans organised by the
                relevant governmental authorities. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due.
                Assets of the plans are held and managed by government authorities and are separated from those of
                the Group.

        (ii)    Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances

                Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised
                housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a
                monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject
                to certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable
                in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances are
                expensed as incurred.

        (iii)   Termination benefits

                Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) When the
                Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity recognises costs for
                a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the payment of termination benefits. In
                the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured
                based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12
                months after the end of reporting period are discounted to their present value.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025        209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
           44.18 Employee benefits (Continued)

                  (iv)    Employee leave entitlements

                          Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                          made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the
                          statement of financial position date.

                          Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

           44.19 Share-based payments

                  Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Company’s share option scheme.
                  Information relating to the scheme is set out in note 32. The fair value of the employee service received in
                  exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
                  The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

                  (i)     Including any market performance conditions (e.g. the entity’s share price);

                  (ii)    Excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g. profitability,
                          sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period); and

                  (iii)   Including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (e.g. the requirement for employees to save or hold
                          shares for a specific period of time).

                  Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options
                  that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over
                  which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

                  In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and
                  therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense during the period
                  between service commencement period and grant date.

                  The grant by the Company of its options to the employees of the subsidiaries of the Group is treated as
                  a capital contribution. The Group recognised the share-based compensation expenses in “General and
                  administrative expenses” for the share options granted to the directors, senior management and employees
                  of the Group and recognised as a deemed distribution to the shareholders in equity (recorded in “Other
                  reserves”) for the share options granted to the directors and senior management of related companies, who
                  did not provide significant services to the Group. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
                  reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investments in
                  subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.




210   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.19 Share-based payments (Continued)

        At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are
        expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service conditions. It recognises the impact
        of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

        When the share options are exercised, the Group issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
        directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

   44.20 Provisions

        Provisions for legal claims and other obligations are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
        constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
        to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future
        operating losses.

        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood
        of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
        to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
        present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
        risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
        expense.

   44.21 Interest income

        Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in the net fair value gains/(losses) on these assets.
        Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the
        effective interest method is recognised in ‘Other income’. Interest income is presented as finance income
        where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes. Any other interest
        income is included in ‘Other income’.

        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial
        asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial
        assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of
        the loss allowance).




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025        211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




      44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
           44.22 Dividend income

                  Dividends are received from financial assets at FVPL and at FVOCI. Dividends are recognised as other
                  income in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established.

           44.23 Government grants

                  Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the
                  grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                  Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary
                  to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

           44.24 Dividend distribution

                  Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at
                  the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the
                  reporting period.

           44.25 Financial guarantee contracts

                  Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
                  liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

                  •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                        Instruments, and

                  •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
                        accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

                  The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
                  between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be
                  required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming
                  the obligations.




212   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
