(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                    Stock Code: 6098




                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Content
2    Corporate Overview                      100   Independent Auditor’s Report

4    Corporate Information                   106   Consolidated Statement of
                                                     Comprehensive Income
6    Major Events
                                             108   Consolidated Statement of
10   Awards and Honours                              Financial Position

12   Chairman’s Statement                    110   Consolidated Statement of
                                                     Changes in Equity
15   Financial Summary
                                             111   Consolidated Statement of
16   Management Discussion and Analysis              Cash Flows
36   Biographical Details of Directors and
                                             113   Notes to the Consolidated
       Senior Management
                                                     Financial Statements
42   Corporate Governance Report
                                             207   Glossary
63   Report of the Directors
    CORPORATE OVERVIEW
    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 6098.HK) is a leading integrated service provider in
    the PRC covering diversified business forms. We have won industry-leading customer satisfaction rate and gained high
    recognition in the industry with our outstanding service quality and service brands. We have won well-recognized awards
    in the industry including “Top 100 Property Management Companies in China in 2023” (2023年中國物業服務百強企業)
    and “2023 Leading Property Management Companies in China in terms of Technology Empowerment” (2023年中國物業
    科技賦能領先企業) granted by China Index Academy; “2023 Model Property Management Companies in China in terms
    of Customer Satisfaction Rate” (2023年中國物業客戶滿意度模範企業) granted by YIHAN (億翰智庫); and “2023 Leading
    Property Management Companies in China in terms of Value-added Service Operation” (2023年中國物業增值服務運營
    領先企業) and “2023 Leading Property Management Companies in China in terms of City Services” (2023年中國物業城
    市服務領先企業) granted by CRIC Property Management.

    Founded in 1992, the Group achieved 32 years of steady development. It always adheres to the service concepts of
    “Catering for property owners’ urgent needs; address property owners’ concerns” and “Property owner-oriented”. With
    strong business capability and lean management, it has completed three major certifications of the British Standards
    Institution (BSI), being quality management system ISO, environmental management system ISO and occupational health
    and safety system. It has formed a comprehensive and efficient property management service system, and is committed
    to letting property owners experience the beauty of property management services through strong offline service system
    and consolidation of community business resources. Furthermore, it provides full life-cycle services by focusing on
    preservation and appreciation of the value of owners’ real estates.

    Our major business sectors include: (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services, (iii) value-
    added services to non-property owners, (iv) the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, (v) city services,
    and (vi) commercial operational services, which constitute part of our comprehensive services we provide to customers
    that cover the full range of value chain in property management. As at 31 December 2023, apart from the “Three
    Supplies and Property Management” businesses, our contracted gross floor area (“GFA”) and revenue-bearing GFA were
    approximately 1,633.0 million sq.m. and approximately 956.9 million sq.m., respectively. In addition, as at 31 December
    2023, the contracted GFA and revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies
    and Property Management” businesses were approximately 93.4 million sq.m. and approximately 88.6 million sq.m.,
    respectively. We managed a total of 7,345 property projects covering 31 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions
    and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in China and overseas markets.

    Property management services – We provide property owners, residents and property developers with a series of
    property management services, including security, cleaning, green landscaping, gardening, repair and maintenance,
    and other services. We have been optimizing our property management portfolio and enriching our forms of projects.
    Currently, our property management portfolio covers residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings,
    industrial parks, multi-purpose complexes, government buildings, hospitals, schools and other public facilities, such as
    airport terminals, highway service stations, scenic areas and other non-residential properties.

    Community value-added services – We are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle community living services
    operator”. By focusing on the family life cycle of property owners, the property value cycle and the mature development
    cycle of communities, we strive to provide property owners with comprehensive community life services to meet their
    needs for asset preservation and appreciation and daily life needs. By integrating community business resources, we are
    dedicated to letting property owners experience the beauty of property services. Six major businesses have gradually
    formed in our community value-added services segment: (i) home services; (ii) home decoration services; (iii) community
    media services; (iv) local living services; (v) real estate brokerage services; and (vi) community area services.




2   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Overview


“Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses – In 2018, we established a joint venture and began to enter the
separation and transfer of property management and heat supply on the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
Reform. Since our establishment, we continued to promote in-depth integration with our partners and had achieved
initial results in terms of operation management, market expansion, quality management, intelligent construction and
community value-added services. We jointly promoted the gradual expansion of our business scope to the integrated
services provided to office properties, and the plants, industrial parks, oil and gas plants and stations of petroleum and
petrochemical enterprises, and the integrated logistics services provided to state-owned enterprises including staff
canteens. We will give full play to our successful experience in this benchmarking project and continue to further develop
the “Three Supplies and Property Management” field by establishing a new operating mechanism and exploring a new
management model.

City services – The Group is committed to becoming a leading provider of integrated city services and public services in
the PRC. We adhere to our strategy of focusing on new urbanization. With “improving services and environment to benefit
business and people” as core value, we promote high-quality development of cities through its three core businesses,
being city public service, city resource management and city digital services. The “City Co-existence Programme” is a
city service product launched by the Group by leveraging its development and over 30 years of experience in providing
new city services and combining its whole industrial chain advantage, with the core philosophy of “Making cities better
with our services”, driven by market demand and core technologies and on the basis of sharing ecological partners and
resource platforms. Under the programme, the Group strives to achieve the balance among maximizing economic, social
and environmental benefits, while maintaining the balance between the comprehensive and long-term benefits of city
services and public services.

Commercial operational services – The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood centers, commercial blocks,
specialized markets and other projects with full-chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing,
operation and planning services, mainly including (i) conducting commercial operation and management of the properties
owned by leasing developers or property owners; (ii) providing property market research and positioning services at the
investment stage of property developers; (iii) providing market research and positioning, business planning consulting,
tenant solicitation and opening preparation services to property developers or owners at the preparation stage before the
opening of the properties; and (iv) providing tenant solicitation, operation and management services to property owners
or tenants at the stage of property operation.

On 19 June 2018, the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange, indicating its formal entrance into the international
capital market. Since the listing, its position in the international capital market was gradually enhanced – It was included
as a constituent stock of the MSCI China All Shares Index on 31 August 2018, and was included as a constituent
stock of the Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index and in the Hong Kong Stock Connect stock list on 10
September 2018. In addition, we were included in the Hang Seng Index as a constituent stock on 7 June 2021. Our ESG
performance continues to be recognized by the globally renowned ESG rating agencies, receiving a rating of BBB in the
MSCI ESG ratings assessment; the Company was rated as “low-risk” by the Sustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings (with a
score of 11.5 and ranked 590th out of the 15,974 rated companies internationally) and was honored as the enterprise with
the “Highest Regional (Asia Pacific) ESG Rating” in 2023; was rated 46 on the S&P Global ESG Scores, outperforming
85% of its global peer group; and was selected as a constituent stock of FTSE4Good Index Series by FTSE Russell in
December 2022 and has maintained such rating since then.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       3
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                          AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Executive Directors                                         Mr. Xu Binhuai (appointed on 10 October 2023)
    Mr. Xu Binhuai (President) (appointed on 10 October 2023)   Mr. Chen Dilin (appointed on 3 April 2024)
    Mr. Xiao Hua                                                Mr. LI Changjiang (resigned on 10 October 2023)
    Mr. Li Changjiang (resigned on 10 October 2023)             Mr. Huang Peng (resigned on 3 April 2024)
    Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)
                                                                REGISTERED OFFICE
    Non-executive Director                                      Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
    Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                                  P.O. Box 2681
                                                                Grand Cayman
    Independent Non-executive Directors                         KY1-1111
    Mr. Mei Wenjue                                              Cayman Islands
    Mr. Rui Meng
    Mr. Chen Weiru                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)                    4th Floor, Ruttonjee House
                                                                Ruttonjee Centre
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                             11 Duddell Street
    Mr. Rui Meng (Chairman)                                     Central
    Mr. Mei Wenjue                                              Hong Kong
    Mr. Chen Weiru
    Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)                    HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
                                                                BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                      West Building of Country Garden Office
    Mr. Chen Weiru (Chairman)                                   Beijiao Town
    Ms. Yang Huiyan                                             Shunde District, Foshan
    Mr. Mei Wenjue                                              Guangdong Province
                                                                PRC
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                                  CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
    Mr. Rui Meng
                                                                REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Chen Weiru
                                                                Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)
                                                                Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                                                P.O. Box 2681
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE                        Grand Cayman
    COMMITTEE                                                   KY1-1111
    Mr. Xu Binhuai (Chairman) (appointed on 10 October 2023)    Cayman Islands
    Mr. Xiao Hua
    Ms. Yang Huiyan (appointed on 3 April 2024)                 HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
    Mr. Chen Weiru (appointed on 3 April 2024)                  Tricor Investor Services Limited
    Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)                    17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Mr. Li Changjiang (resigned on 10 October 2023)             16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
    Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)

                                                                AUDITORS
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                   PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Mr. Chen Dilin (appointed on 3 April 2024)                  Certified Public Accountants
    Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Solicitor in Hong Kong)               Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. Huang Peng (resigned on 3 April 2024)                   22nd Floor, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong




4   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Corporate Information



LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong laws:
WOO KWAN LEE & LO
26/F, Jardine House,1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong

DENTONS HONG KONG LLP
Suite 3201, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place,
Central, Hong Kong

As to PRC laws:
DeHeng Law Offices (Shenzhen)
11/F, Section B, Anlian Plaza No. 4018 Jintian Road,
Futian District Shenzhen, PRC

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

COMPANY WEBSITE
www.bgyfw.com

STOCK CODE
6098

LISTING DATE
19 June 2018




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023   5
    MAJOR EVENTS



    1                   January
                        The Group comprehensively implemented
                        the new coaching mechanism for cultivation
                        of Phoenix service managers.




    February                  2
    The delegation of In-depth Research on High-quality Development of “Nanyue Housecraft”
    Initiative – Research Trip of Central, Provincial and Municipal Media Groups, which was
    initiated jointly by the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Guangdong
    Province and Southern Metropolis Daily, stayed in Foshan City, who visited the Group’s
    Phoenix Home and Fengshou Street community service stations, focusing on how Foshan
    City has meticulously implemented the “Nanyue Housecraft” initiative to ensure it serves
    the public effectively and enhances people’s well-being.



                                                                                                         Hong Kong Exchan
                                                                                                                            ges
                                                                                                        take no respons ibility and Clearing Limited and The
                                                                                                                                                                Stock Exchange of
                                                                                                        its accura cy or complefor the content s of this announ                    Hong Kong Limited
                                                                                                                                teness and express              cement , make no
                                                                                                        howsoe ver arising                          ly disclaim any               represe ntation as
                                                                                                                            from or in relianc                                                       to
                                                                                                        announcement.                          e upon the whole liabilit y whatso ever for any loss
                                                                                                                                                                   or any part of the
                                                                                                                                                                                      content s of this




                                                             3
                                                                                                       COUNTRY GARD
                                                                                                                                       EN SERVICES HOLD
                                                                                                                                                                INGS COMPANY
                                                                                                                                      碧桂園服務控                                 LIMITED
                                                                                                                                     (Incorporated in
                                                                                                                                                           股有限公司
                                                                                                                                             the Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                 with limited liability)
                                                                                                                                                          (Stock Code: 6098)

                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL RESU
                                                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR          LTS
                                                                                                                                          ENDED 31 DECE
                                                                                                                                                                                           MBER 2022


    March
                                                                                                      FINANCIAL HIGHL
                                                                                                                                      IGHTS


                                                                                                                                                                                               Year ended 31 Decembe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        r
                                                                                                                                                                                              2022           2021         Change
                                                                                                                                                                                            (RMB million, unless otherwise
                                                                                                    Revenue                                                                                                                stated)

    The Group published its 2022 annual results. During the reporting period,                       Gross profit
                                                                                                    Percentage of general and
                                                                                                                              administr    ative expenses
                                                                                                                                                                                          41,366.6
                                                                                                                                                                                          10,257.5
                                                                                                                                                                                            10.3%
                                                                                                                                                                                                           28,843.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                            8,864.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              43.4%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             15.7%
                                                                                                                                                                                                             11.3%              -1.0

    the revenue of the Group increased to approximately RMB41,370 million,                          Net profit
                                                                                                   Profit attributable to the
                                                                                                   Core net profit* attributab
                                                                                                                              owners of the Company                                        2,261.3         4,349.5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       percentage
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              point
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -48.0%
                                                                                                                               le to the owners of the                                    1,943.4         4,033.4
                                                                                                   Basic earnings per share                            Company                                                             -51.8%

    representing an increase of approximately 43.4% from approximately                             Diluted earnings per share
                                                                                                  Total bank deposits and
                                                                                                                              (RMB cents)
                                                                                                                                (RMB cents)
                                                                                                                             cash
                                                                                                                                                                                          5,021.8
                                                                                                                                                                                            57.68
                                                                                                                                                                                            57.68
                                                                                                                                                                                                          4,606.9
                                                                                                                                                                                                          128.42
                                                                                                                                                                                                          128.01
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             9.0%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -55.1%
                                                                                                  Net cash generated from                                                                                                -54.9%
                                                                                                                             operating activities                                       11,376.8        11,755.9
    RMB28,840 million in the corresponding period of 2021. The gross                              Revenue-bearing gross
                                                                                                                           floor area (“GFA”) of
                                                                                                     services other than the
                                                                                                    businesses (million sq.m.)
                                                                                                                                                   the property management
                                                                                                                              “Three Supplies and Property
                                                                                                                                                              Management”
                                                                                                                                                                                         3,321.3         3,407.4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -3.2%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -2.5%

                                                                                                 Contracted GFA of the
                                                                                                                          property management services                                    869.1
    profit increased to approximately RMB10,260 million, representing an                            “Three Supplies and Property

                                                                                                The Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                     Management” businesse

                                                                                                                          recommended the payment
                                                                                                                                                           other than the
                                                                                                                                                              s (million sq.m.)
                                                                                                                                                                                       1,601.9
                                                                                                                                                                                                          765.7

                                                                                                                                                                                                       1,437.9
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          103.4

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         164.0
                                                                                               share and a special dividend                             of a final dividend of RMB14.4

    increase of approximately 15.7% from approximately RMB8,860 million
                                                                                                                                of RMB22.81 cents (2021:                                0  cents (2021: RMB29.9
                                                                                               their continuous support                                      Nil) per share as a token                            5 cents)
                                                                                                                          and trust in the Company
                                                                                                                                                     .                                 of appreciation to all sharehold per
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ers for



    in the corresponding period of 2021. The core net profit attributable to                                                                              –1–




    the Shareholders grew to RMB5,020 million, representing an increase
    of approximately 9.0% from approximately RMB4,610 million in the
    corresponding period of 2021. The Board recommended the payment of
    a final dividend of RMB14.40 cents per share and a special dividend of
    RMB22.81 cents per share, as a token of appreciation to all shareholders for
    their continuous support and trust in the Company.




6   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Major Events



                                                   April
                                                   The All-China Federation of Trade Unions organized
                                                   a special event in Beijing to mark the International
                                                                                                                          4
                                                   Labor Day of 2023, which included the presentation of
                                                   the National May 1st Labor Awards and the National
                                                   Workers’ Pioneer Titles. Mr. Meng Rui, senior manager
                                                   of the Group, was honored with the “National May 1st
                                                   Labor Medal”.




                                                                                                  5                      May
                                                                                                                         CG Services held its 2023 annual general meeting
                                                                                                                         in Shunde, Foshan, at which all resolutions were
                                                                                                                         approved.

                                                                                                                         In collaboration with the Institute for 21st Century
                                                                                                                         Development, Tsinghua University and Tsinghua
                                                                                                                         University Guoqiang Institute, the Company
                                                                                                                         organized the China Urban Governance and High-
                                                                                                                         Quality Development Forum (Zhengzhou), cum
                                                                                                                         the 3rd CG Services Urban Service Developers
                                                                                                                         Conference, at Huanghe State Guesthouse of Henan in Zhengzhou City. Cooperating with the
                                                                                                                         Think Tank of Tsinghua University, CG Services released the first-ever standards and rankings
                                                                             Hong Kong Limited
                                                                                                                         for urban governance and public service indices, and announced the City Partner 3.0 Program.
                                                        Stock Exchange of           ntation as to
                                      Limited and The
                    ges and Clearing                            , make no represe
Hong Kong Exchan                          of this announ cement                      for any loss
                        for the content s                     liabilit y whatso ever
take no respons ibility teness and express ly disclaim any                       content s of this
                                                            or any part of the
its accura cy or comple or in relianc e upon the whole
        ver arising  from
 howsoe
 announcement.
                                                                                                                         With the theme “Chinese Sturgeon Dream, Fish Abundance in the Yangtze River”, CG Services
               EN SERVICES HOLD
                                         INGS COMPANY
                                                         LIMITED                                                         partnered with Guangdong Guoqiang Foundation (廣東省國強公益基金會) to promote a
  COUNTRY GARD               控 股 有limited    限 公 司
            碧 桂 園 in服the 務
                         Cayman Islands with
                           (Incorporated
                                              liability)

                                            (Stock Code: 6098)
                                                                                                     2023
                                                                                                                         community cultural event in approximately 3,000 communities across the country, which was
                                                                           HELD ON 25 MAY
                                        RAL MEETING
                          OF ANNUAL GENE
   POLL RESULTS
                            to announce that
                                             the resolutions as
                                                                set out in the notice
                                                                                      of AGM were
                                                                               including, inter alia,
                                                                                                                         known as “Love and Passion’s for You and for Diversity of the Earth, Become Ambassador of
     The Board is pleased                                   the Shareholders
                                          and approved by           dividen d, the grant
                                                                                          of general
                       for voting by poll
                                             dividen d and special the memorandum and articles
     put to the AGM
                           paymen t of final
     the proposa l of the repurchase Shares and amendments
     mandates to issue
                         and
                        the Company.
                                                                   to
                                                                                                                         Biodiversity”.
      of association of
                                                      AL MEETING
                          OF ANNUAL GENER
    POLL RESULTS                                                               s Holdings Compa
                                                                                                    ny Limited
                                                    Country Garden Serviceset out in the notice of annual
                              s (the “Board”) of                       ons as
     The board of director                        ce that the resoluti                        general meeting
                          is pleased to announ                            put to the annual
     (the “Company”)                                24 April 2023 were                      duly approved by
                        of  the Company dated                          voting by poll and
     general   meeting                             (the “AGM”) for
                         held on 25 May 2023              holders”).
     of the Company                       ny (the “Share
                         of the Compa                                                                 r Services
      the shareholders                                                        office, Tricor Investo
                                                      registrar and transfer               at the AGM.
                                 Kong branch share                     counting the votes
       The Company’s Hong as scrutineers for the purpose of
                                ed
       Limited, was appoint
                                                                          or by electronic means.
                                                  d the AGM in person
                               Company attende
       All Directors of the                                                                  ny  (the  “Shares”)
                                                                       shares of the Compa




                                                                                                                     6
                                                   number of issued          to attend and vote
                                                                                                   for or against
                           the AGM, the total          g the Shareholders
        As at the date of           of Shares entitlin                                          were no Shares
        being the total number                                         27,390 Shares. There favour of the
                                                  AGM was 3,373,1                from voting in
                               propose d at the
        all the resolut ions              to attend  the AGM and abstainthe Listing of Securities on The
                                  olders                                  ing
        entitlin g the Shareh to Rule 13.40 of the Rules Govern                  ). There were no
                                                                                                     Shareho lders
                                  t
        resolution(s) pursuan                           (the “Listin g Rules”               of the Shareholders
                            of Hong Kong Limited to abstain from voting. None
         Stock Exchan ge
         that were require
         had stated his/her/
          any of the resoluti
                             d under the Listing
                               its intention in the
                              ons proposed or to
                                                    Rules
                                                     Company’s circular
                                                    abstain from voting
                                                                           dated 24 April 2023
                                                                          at the AGM.
                                                                                                   to vote against

                                                                                                                                    June
                                                           –1–

                                                                                                                                    The Group organized the first training session for regional digitalization expert certification.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023         7
    Major Events




                   July


    7              The Group comprehensively promoted the statement
                   management system, and established, for the first
                   time, a connection with the front-end business
                   system, achieving integrated business performance
                   and financial performance reporting and preparing
                   consolidated statements on a T+1 basis, which
                   delivered valuable insights to support the business
                   development of the Group.




                                                          August                                            8
                                                          The Group published its 2023 interim results and held a press
                                                          briefing for results presentation. For the six months ended
                                                          30 June 2023, the Group achieved revenue of RMB20,733
                                                          million and gross profit of approximately RMB5,158 million;
                                                          the core net profit attributable to the Shareholders amounted
                                                          to approximately RMB2,615 million.




                                                       September



                               9
                                                       The training for managers empowerment to embrace further
                                                       development, themed “New Look and Power to Forge Ahead”,
                                                       concluded in Shunde New Energy Town, with a total of 46 trainees who
                                                       were service managers and customer service specialists.




8   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                         Major Events



October
Mr. Xu Binhuai was appointed as an executive director, the president, the
authorised representative, the chairman of the environmental, social and
governance committee and the agent for the service of process in Hong
Kong of CG Services. On the day of such appointment, Mr. Huang Peng was
appointed as the executive president of CG Services.




     10

November
The press conference for the strategic cooperation between the
Group and Guotai Liquor Group cum the inauguration ceremony
for the “Healthy Drinking in Family” Promotion Initiative was held in
                                                                                            11
Guangzhou.




                         December


12                       Mr. Xu Binhuai, an executive director and the president of the Group, was invited to the “Gathering
                         Momentum, Foresight into the Future” themed 2023 Guangdong Property Management Summit cum the 5th
                         Release Conference for Survey on Comprehensive Strength of Guangdong Property Management Enterprises,
                         which was guided by the Department of Housing and Urban-Rural Development of Guangdong Province and
                         hosted by Guangdong Property Management Industry Institute, and delivered a speech titled “In Relentless
                         Pursuit of Refreshment”. Concurrently, the event specially staged the inauguration and appointment ceremony
                         for the new specialized committee under Guangdong Property Management Industry Institute, in which Mr.
                         Wang Yingwu, chief marketing officer of CG Life Services and president of City Services Group, was appointed
                         as the director of the City Services Committee under Guangdong Property Management Industry Institute,
                         joining forces to drive innovation in city services across Guangdong.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023        9
          AWARDS AND HONOURS



          1                                                       3                                                    5
                                         2                                                4




                                             7                                           9
                   6                                               8                                              10




     11                                                      13                                              15
                                    12                                             14




              1        2023 TOP 100 Property Management Companies in           Beijing China Index Academy
                       China
              2        2023 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management          Beijing China Index Academy
                       Companies in China in terms of Business Performance
              3        2023 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management          Beijing China Index Academy
                       Companies in China in terms of Service Scale
              4        2023 Leading Property Management Companies in           Beijing China Index Academy
                       China in terms of Technology Empowerment
              5        2023 Leading Specialized Property Management            Beijing China Index Academy
                       Companies in China – Innovation in Value-Added Model
              6        2023 Outstanding Companies for Commercial Property      Beijing China Index Academy
                       Services in China
              7        2023 Leading Companies for Smart City Service in China Beijing China Index Academy
              8        2023 Leading Property Management Companies in           Beijing China Index Academy
                       China in terms of Specialized Service Operation Brand
              9        2023 First in TOP 20 Listed Property Management         CPM Think Tank, CPM Research Institute
                       Companies in China’s Property Management Industry
              10       2023 TOP 1 Listed Property Management Companies in CPM Think Tank, CPM Research Institute
                       China with Leading Scale
              11       2023 TOP 10 Property Management Companies in China CRIC Property Management, China Property
                       in terms of Comprehensive Strength                 Management Research Institution
              12       2023 Leading Companies in China in terms of Red         CRIC Property Management, China Property
                       Property Services                                       Management Research Institution
              13       2023 TOP 10 Leading Listed Property Management          CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
                       Companies in China in terms of Development Potential    Information Technology Co. Ltd.
              14       2023 TOP 10 Leading Listed Property Management          CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
                       Companies in China in terms of Revenue Scale            Information Technology Co. Ltd.
              15       2023 TOP 10 Leading Listed Property Management          CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
                       Companies in China in terms of Profit Scale             Information Technology Co. Ltd.

10        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                     Awards and Honours




 16                    17                              18                       19                        20




       21                     22                      23                    24                       25




                                                28
26
                             27                                            29                   30


      16    YIHAN ESG Rating – Grade AA                             YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
      17    2023 TOP 1 Property Management Company in China in YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            terms of Service Capability
      18    2023 Model Property Management Companies in China       YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            in terms of Customer Satisfaction
      19    2023 TOP 1 of the TOP 100 Property Management         YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            Companies in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength
      20    2023 TOP 1 Listed Property Management Companies in YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            China
      21    2023 Top 10 Listed Property Management Companies in YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            China in terms of Cash and Cash Equivalents
      22    2023 China’s Listed Property Management Companies       YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            with the Most Long-Term Investment Value
      23    2023 Leading Property Management Companies in           YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            China in terms of Brand Value
      24    2023 China’s Model Property Management Companies        YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            for Red Property Services
      25    2023 Top 10 Listed Property Management Companies in YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
            China with Distinctive Development Characteristics in city
            services
      26    2023 Best Employer in China Customer Service Festival   China Customer Service Festival Committee,
                                                                    Customer Observation
      27    Valuable Property Management Companies of the Year      National Business Daily
      28    2023 Innovation Award for Property Service in           China Real Estate Business, China Institute of Urban
            Community-level Governance in China                     and Regional Governance
      29    2023 Property Management Companies with                 Guandian Index Academy
            Outstanding Performance
      30    2023 Listed Property Management Companies with          Guandian Index Academy
            Outstanding Financial Performance

                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023    11
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     To create a better society
     with our existence




     Dear Shareholders,

     The Board of Directors of the Company is pleased to report that the Group has achieved a revenue of approximately
     RMB42,611.5 million, with gross profit of approximately RMB8,731.9 million, and net profit of approximately RMB516.7
     million for the year ended 31 December 2023. In addition, we recorded a core net profit attributable to shareholders of
     the Company* of approximately RMB3,939.5 million, with a basic earnings per share of RMB8.69 cents. In recognition
     of our shareholders’ unwavering support and trust, the Board of Directors has decided to propose a final dividend and a
     special dividend totalling RMB29.46 cents per share for 2023.

     Reflecting on the past year, in respect of property management services, both state and local governments have been
     refining relevant policies, addressing issues such as urban renewal, elderly care and regulating charging standards. The
     launch of numerous government policies underscored the increasing significance of property management services
     in grassroots social governance, and set new expectations for property management companies across the society.
     Furthermore, the enactment of these policies delineates a clear path for standardized operations and the growth of the
     property management service sector, thereby elevating the industry’s service quality and better serving desires of people
     for an improved quality of life.




     *     Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding borrowing costs of convertible bonds, share-based payment
           expenses, unrealised gains or losses from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, amortisation charges of intangible assets
           — contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions, impairment of
           goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities, gains/(losses) from disposal of subsidiaries,
           expected losses on external guarantee and impairment of receivables from related parties.



12   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                             Chairman’s Statement


During the year, there were significant changes in supply and demand in the real estate market of the PRC. The Group’s
related-party customers engaged in real estate development and related businesses, and they were under periodical
liquidity pressures. Based on the above, out of the principle of prudence, an impairment provision has been fully made for
the trade receivables due from the related parties of the Group. On the one hand, according to the progress of collecting
receivables from related parties, the Group has actively adjusted its business strategies relating to related parties,
resulting in a significant shrinkage in the business scale with related parties. Revenue from related parties has dropped
significantly by approximately 45% year-on-year, accounting for only approximately 3.1% of total revenue. On the other
hand, the Group strengthened the management of trade receivables due from the related parties, maintained close
communication with related parties and continued to promote the implementation of various measures for collecting trade
receivables at its best efforts. In the future, the Group will continue to adhere to the principle of legal compliance and
adhere to the bottom line of risk. While assisting related parties to provide quality services for the “guaranteed property
delivery” projects, the Group will proactively control the scale of related transactions, improve settlement efficiency and
reduce risk exposure. The Group will focus on the work of the “Three Payments and One Control (三繳一流)” to further
strengthen the financial security of the Group and guard the lifeline of the Company.

Against the backdrop of an era of high-quality development, CG Services adopts “seeking progress while maintaining
stability, and promoting stability through progress” as its development guideline. In the face of numerous external
challenges, we positively embrace market changes and focus on enhancing service quality and improving operation
and management efficiency in pursuit of long-term sustainable development. In 2023, we achieved steady growth in
our business, with revenue-bearing GFA exceeding one billion square meters. In terms of revenue structure, property
management services continued to play a cornerstone role, further increasing its contribution to total revenue to
approximately 58%. Our business is highly market-oriented and independent, with the proportion of revenue generated
from third parties further increasing to 96.9%. We emphasise on quality expansion and pursue balanced development
across all sorts of projects with a focus on residential properties, strengthening product capability and highlighting
product quality. Cash flows are as vital as the lifeblood to an enterprise. We strengthen our cash flow management
through the implementation of the “Three Payments and One Control (三繳一流)” key initiative, and achieved a ratio of
net operating cash flows to the core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company of 1.17 times at the end of the
year, an increase of 51 percentage points over the end of last year. The healthy cash flows further reinforced the Group’s
risk resistance and facilitated the positive evolution of its entire business.

Customer satisfaction is crucial to our sustainable growth. We have further deepened our “customer-oriented” service
philosophy in order to reshape customer experience. During the Year, enhancing service quality became the Group’s
top priority. We are dedicated to the “Community Renewal” initiative, for which we have invested nearly RMB400 million
in 1,594 projects across the country. These projects upgraded community roads, recreational facilities, and community
intelligent facilities, aiming to comprehensively enhance the living experience for our customers. Protecting customers’
personal and asset safety is the “Bottom Line (紅線)” of a property management company. The Group attaches great
importance to safety, and completed the rectification of 24,000 potential sources of risk during the Year. In terms of
facility and equipment safety, we have completed 2.433 million work orders for inspection and maintenance, and 5.319
million work orders for issue reporting and repair requests; we have also completed over 10,000 large-scale fire drills and
elevator safety drills.

In the face of the current highly competitive market environment, we continued to adhere to our development strategy
of “back to the basics of business”. We insisted on building up the core competencies of our business to drive future
business growth, and kept up with our efforts to enhance productivity and management efficiency at the grassroots
level. During the Year, we upgraded our service system, reorganised the needs of property owners and developed
differentiated service grading standards to improve our service standards in a more targeted manner. In the meantime,
we reshaped our organisational capabilities and innovated our management model to enhance organisational
effectiveness. In addition, we have been promoting the implementation of the “Localisation Programme (屬地計劃)”
and the “Starfield Programme (星團計劃)” to achieve integrated management of M&A projects at the local places and
consolidation of neighbouring projects to realise centralised management, respectively. In 2023, we invested a total of
approximately RMB320 million in research and development (R&D), which was mainly used in digitisation and AI-Internet
of Things (人工智能物聯網), to empower our business and improve quality and increase efficiency. In the future, we will
continue to make investments to promote the pilot of digitalisation in projects and build smarter communities.


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023       13
     Chairman’s Statement


     Our commitment to excellence has earned us recognition from our employees, property owners, and the industry
     at large, including prestigious awards like “2023 TOP1 Property Management Companies in China in terms of
     Comprehensive Strength” and “2023 TOP 100 Property Management Companies in China”, affirming our industry
     leadership and stellar reputation. High-quality and value-added community services can not only boost property owners
     satisfaction, but also strengthen the bond between property owners and property management companies. Property
     management companies strive for a balance between operations and services, adopting long-termism as their central
     philosophy, and continuously undertaking various business reforms to meet market demands and deliver superior
     value to customers. CG Services has been actively advancing value-added community services by implementing the
     “1+N+X” strategy, actively developing key businesses for better community living in key cities, cultivating a competitive
     edge, enhancing its capabilities and catering to the diverse needs of property owners, aiming to foster the formation of a
     convenient ecosystem and demonstrate the commitment of CG Services and its partners to work towards a better and
     more effortless life for our customers.

     We incorporate our ESG philosophy into property management practices. Advocating for green property projects,
     we have initiated the “CG Services Carbon Elimination (碧消碳)” plan and organized monthly events focused on
     environmental protection and social responsibility to further promote green and energy-saving practices. We have refined
     our emergency tackling mechanisms in response to extreme weather conditions, continuously improving our resilience
     to climate risks. Additionally, we have been building green communities and independently developed an intelligent
     cloud platform for NEV charging stations, offering safe and reliable charging solutions to over 1,000,000 users, thereby
     supporting low-carbon and sustainable transportation. We vigorously embrace our social responsibility with painstaking
     engagements. For instance, we contributed to rural revitalization by enhancing farmers’ incomes and fostering prosperity
     through consumption of agricultural products. Our assistance initiatives have accumulated a total transaction volume
     exceeding RMB46.68 million. Dedicated to fostering a harmonious community, we actively engaged ourselves in
     grassroots-level community governance, and participated in a variety of public welfare, charity activities and volunteer
     services, demonstrating our commitment to social responsibility through our deeds. In the future, we will further enhance
     our ESG strategy, upgrade our sustainability system, and integrate our ESG philosophy into business operations in a
     more concrete and closer manner.

     Looking to the future, we are still brimming with confidence in the growth and potential of the property management
     industry. CG Services will keep on embracing the brand concept of “serving you a better life”. We will uphold long-
     termism, adhere to the new development strategy of “prioritizing employees, customer-orientated, and back to the basics
     of business”, and pragmatically promote and practice it in the new round of business development. With determination
     and commitment, CS Services has pledged itself to the future. Riding on the industry development opportunities, CS
     Services will continue to develop and innovate on the basis of its own resource and vision, and will also assume the
     responsibility of promoting industry and social development by leading industry development towards a healthier and
     more sustainable direction.

     Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend our gratitude to the management team and all our
     employees for their dedication and contributions. Additionally, I would like to thank the society and our shareholders for
     their priceless trust and support. We will remain committed to advancing the Company’s high-quality development and
     generating greater value and returns for both the society and our shareholders.

     To create a better society with our existence.

     To shape a prosperous future through our conscience and social responsibility awareness.




     Yang Huiyan
     Chairman of the Board

     Foshan, China, 27 March 2024




14   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                      FINANCIAL SUMMARY

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

                                       2019          2020          2021          2022           2023
                                    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


Revenue                             9,644,947    15,600,421    28,843,011    41,366,573    42,611,511
Profit before income tax            2,076,112     3,714,727     5,672,839     3,485,638     1,079,650
Income tax expense                   (357,721)     (933,070)   (1,323,386)   (1,224,302)     (562,939)
Profit for the year                 1,718,391     2,781,657     4,349,453     2,261,336       516,711
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company               1,670,664     2,686,128     4,033,395     1,943,422       292,335
Non-controlling interests             47,727        95,529       316,058       317,914        224,376
                                    1,718,391     2,781,657     4,349,453     2,261,336       516,711
Earnings per share for profit
 attributable to owners of
 the Company (expressed
 in RMB cents per share)
Basic                                   62.73        97.62        128.42         57.68           8.69
Diluted                                 61.67         96.32       128.01         57.68           8.69


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION

                                       2019          2020          2021          2022           2023
                                    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


Non-current assets                  2,044,918     7,915,834    35,612,262    35,420,402    33,374,697
Current assets                     10,224,404    23,288,043    31,200,496    34,656,494    35,869,377
Current liabilities                 6,427,299    14,232,797    24,790,556    24,994,171    26,383,515
Net current assets                  3,797,105     9,055,246     6,409,940     9,662,323     9,485,862
Total assets less current
 liabilities                        5,842,023    16,971,080    42,022,202    45,082,725    42,860,559
Non-current liabilities              162,497       812,042      3,648,709     5,173,725     4,078,482
Equity attributable to owners of
 the Company                        5,373,156    14,565,740    36,186,874    37,456,431    36,155,873
Non-controlling interests            306,370      1,593,298     2,186,619     2,452,569     2,626,204
Total equity                        5,679,526    16,159,038    38,373,493    39,909,000    38,782,077




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The Group is a leading integrated service provider in the PRC covering diversified business forms. Our business covers
     many business forms, including services to residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings, industrial parks,
     multi-purpose complexes, government buildings, hospitals, schools and other public facilities, such as airport terminals,
     highway service stations and cultural scenic areas. We have won industry-leading customer satisfaction and brand
     reputation with quality services, as well as gained high recognition in a number of sub-segments of the industry. We have
     won well-recognized awards in the industry including “Top 100 Property Management Companies in China in 2023”
     (2023年中國物業服務百強企業) and “2023 Leading Property Management Companies in China in terms of Technology
     Empowerment” (2023年中國物業科技賦能領先企業) granted by China Index Academy; “Model Enterprises in terms of
     Satisfaction of Property Customers in China in 2023” (2023年中國物業客戶滿意度模範企業) granted by YIHAN (億翰智
     庫); and “2023 Leading Property Management Companies in China in terms of Value-added Service Operation” (2023
     年中國物業增值服務運營領先企業) and “2023 Leading Property Management Companies in China in terms of City
     Services” (2023年中國物業城市服務領先企業) granted by CRIC Property Management.

     The Group is highly recognized in the international capital market continuously. We were included in the Hang Seng
     Index as a constituent on 7 June 2021. We implement ESG concepts and practices in our business operations and
     have obtained industry-leading international ESG ratings. For instance, we have received a rating of BBB in the MSCI
     ESG ratings assessment; have been rated as a ‘low risk’ enterprise in the Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating (with a score
     of 11.5, which ranked us 590th out of 15,974 companies rated internationally) and recognised as the enterprise with the
     ‘Highest ESG Rating in the Region (Asia-Pacific)’ in 2023; have been assigned a score of 46 in S&P Global ESG Scores,
     outperforming 85% of its global peers assessed; and were included in FTSE4Good Index Series as a constituent by
     FTSE Russell in December 2022 and have maintained such status since then.

     The major business sectors of the Group include (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services,
     (iii) value-added services to non-property owners, (iv) the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, (v) city
     services, and (vi) commercial operational services, which constitute part of our comprehensive services we provide to
     customers that cover the full range of the value chain in property management.


16   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


Property Management Services

We provide property owners, residents and property developers with a series of property management services, including
security, cleaning, green landscaping, gardening, repair and maintenance, and other services. During the Year, property
management services recorded a revenue of approximately RMB24,698.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of approximately 8.1% compared to the same period last year, and its percentage of total revenue further increased to
approximately 58.0%.

As at 31 December 2023, apart from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, our contracted GFA
was approximately 1,633.0 million sq.m., and our revenue-bearing GFA was approximately 956.9 million sq.m.. In
addition, the contracted GFA and revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies
and Property Management” businesses were 93.4 million sq.m. and 88.6 million sq.m., respectively. We manage a total
of 7,345 property projects. These projects cover 31 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions in Mainland China
and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and overseas, with a focus on five key economically developed city
clusters, including the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta, the middle reaches of the Yangtze River, the Beijing-
Tianjin-Hebei Region and the Chengdu-Chongqing Region in China. The percentage of the revenue-bearing GFA of
projects in first and second-tier cities has reached 42.0%.

Customer satisfaction is a crucial foundation for our sustainable development, and we are driven by customer
satisfaction with a focus on proactive improvement of service quality. Focusing on the pain points of our services, we
have targeted improvements to enhance customer experience. We safeguard customers’ sense of safety by completing
24,000 rectifications for potential risk sources in the provides throughout the Year; in terms of facility and equipment
safety, we have completed 2.433 million work orders for inspection and maintenance, and 5.319 million work orders
for issue reporting and repair requests; we have also completed 13,000 large-scale fire drills and 11,000 elevator safety
drills. During the Year, we continued to invest in transformation of communities to rejuvenate the living experience of
customers, with relevant investments of approximately RMB400 million in a total of 1,594 projects, including rejuvenation
of community facilities and equipment, upgrading of recreational and sports facilities and intelligent transformation of
communities. In addition, we increased our investment in digitalization, which encompassed AIoT businesses such as
cleaning robots, equipment and IoT modules, IoT platforms and charging pile platforms, as well as self-developed IoT
solutions including human-machine collaborative operation, intelligent parking, etc., to empower the enhancement of
service quality and management efficiency through digital and intelligent services.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     With a focus on residential properties, we pursued high-quality development that covers many business forms, and
     maintained a high level of market expansion. During the Year, we signed 1,556 new brand expansion contracts
     for expansion projects, generating an annualized revenue of approximately RMB3,726 million. We fully utilized the
     geographical advantages of the projects under management to expand across the region. During the Year, 45% of the
     new expansion projects were located in first and second-tier cities, while 55% of which were located in third and fourth-
     tier cities.

     Community Value-added Services

     We are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle community life services operator”. By focusing on the family
     growth cycle of property owners, the property value cycle and the mature development cycle of communities, we strive
     to provide property owners with comprehensive community life services to meet their needs for asset value preservation
     and appreciation and daily life needs, so as to enable property owners to experience the beauty of property management
     services. Community value-added services have been developed as a new engine to drive sustainable and stable growth
     of the Group. By building a professional team, expanding resource integration capability, collaborating with strong
     partners from various industries and leveraging our natural advantage as a property management service provider of
     close proximity to community scenarios, we are promoting the enhancement of the competitiveness of community value-
     added core business in key cities across the country. During the Year, the Group’s revenue from community value-added
     services was approximately RMB3,752.9 million, and its percentage of total revenue of the Group was approximately
     8.8%.

     Six major businesses have formed in our community value-added services sector: (i) home services – providing property
     owners with safe, convenient, professional and considerate full-range home services through a standardized operation
     system; (ii) home decoration intermediate services – integrating resources from well-known home decoration brands
     to provide one-stop home decoration services; (iii) community media services – establishing deep connection between
     consumers and brands through the community media matrix; (iv) local living services – setting up local consumption
     scenarios for customers and continuously adapting to the needs of property owners to customize diversified life services;
     (v) real estate brokerage services – serving the needs of property owners for asset management and further developing
     second-hand property rental and sale; and (vi) community area services – making full use of community space resources
     and carrying out business with the aim of providing convenience to the life of property owners and improving their sense
     of happiness in their living.

     During the Year, we adhered to the “1+N+X” community value-added development strategy, and further focused on
     strategic businesses and strengthened our capabilities building. We upgraded our community media to integrated
     marketing. Based on community scenarios, we created a complete marketing chain of “communication — experience —
     purchase — sharing” and created differentiated products with core competitiveness. We reached an integrated marketing
     cooperation with INXNI, an emerging and smart cleaning appliance brand, and organised over 800 experiential activities
     in the community. We built an in-depth experiential scenes for our liquor sales business around customer needs, and
     entered into a strategic partnership with the Guizhou Guotai Liquor Co., Ltd. (國台酒業集團有限公司) to jointly provide
     high-quality products and services to consumers. We fully leveraged on the site advantages and service advantages of
     property management companies to create an innovative model for laundry stores, and we opened 100 franchised stores
     within the Year.




18   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners

During the Year, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was approximately RMB1,553.4 million,
and its percentage of the total revenue of the Group further decreased to approximately 3.6%. The value-added services
to non-property owners we provide mainly include (i) management consultancy services to property developers for their
presale activities, as well as consultancy services for properties managed by other property management companies; (ii)
cleaning services, green landscaping, repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-delivery stage;
(iii) sales and leasing agency services of unsold parking spaces and properties; and (iv) elevator products installation,
supporting services and other services.

“Three Supplies and Property Management” Businesses

The Group established a joint venture in 2018 and began to undergo the separation and transfer of property management
and heat supply under “Three Supplies and Property Management” reform. As at 31 December 2023, the contracted
GFA and revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
businesses were approximately 93.4 million sq.m. and 88.6 million sq.m., respectively. During the Year, revenue from the
property management business was approximately RMB4,992.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.2%
compared to the same period last year, and revenue from the heat supply business was approximately RMB1,528.0
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 6.5% compared to the same period last year.

After more than five years of in-depth cooperation with our partners, the competitiveness and brand reputation of our
“Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses have been comprehensively enhanced. We provided production
support services and production logistics services to petroleum and petrochemical enterprises. We managed projects
covering 107 cities in 31 provinces across the country, and undertaking property management services for office
buildings, apartment buildings, staff canteens, kindergartens and cultural venues of petroleum and petrochemical
enterprises. During the Year, we signed 454 new projects with a total contract amount of RMB1,293 million. We have
enriched the types of projects, including government buildings, schools, hospitals and industrial parks. In addition, we
provide services including charging piles, housekeeping, laundry and community elderly care in the community to meet
the diversified needs of property owners.

City Services

The Group is a leading provider of integrated public services in the PRC. We adhere to our strategy of focusing on new
urbanization. With “improving services and environment to benefit business and people” as core value, we promote
high-quality development of cities through our three core businesses, being city municipal services, city area operation
and city community services. Driven by market demand and core technologies, on the basis of sharing with ecological
partners through resource platforms and with the balance between the comprehensive benefits and long-term benefits of
“government-driven” public services in mind, the Group, by leveraging the resource advantage of our own whole industry
chain, provides cities with full-scenario digital solutions for city operation, including smart operation of municipal services,
refined city services, long-term management of old communities, city public resources and assets operation, and modern
community governance.

During the Year, our city services recorded revenue of approximately RMB4,883.6 million. Through brand expansion, we
have signed a number of integrated urban service projects in Guangdong Province, Shanghai, Jiangsu Province, Anhui
Province and Jiangxi Province, and achieved balanced business development and breakthroughs in project quality while
upheld the reform concept of “greater city property management” as a city-wide governance change. The Project of
Lecong town in Foshan that we managed was honoured with the Model Award for Urban Service Projects in Guangdong
Province (廣東省城市服務項目標桿獎), signifying that the operation model and service quality of the city services of CG
Services have reached a level recognised by the association. In addition, we successfully organised the third Country
Garden Urban Service Developers Conference and announced the “City Service Partner Programme 3.0”, which opens
up the platform service cooperation mechanism to partners and introduces the ESP sharing platform for city services.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Commercial Operational Services

     The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood commercial centers, office buildings and other projects with full-
     chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing, operation and planning services, mainly including (i)
     conducting commercial operation and management of the properties owned by leasing developers or property owners; (ii)
     providing property market research and positioning services to property developers at the investment stage; (iii) providing
     market research and positioning, business planning consulting, tenant solicitation and opening preparation services to
     property developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties; and (iv) providing tenant
     solicitation, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of property operation. During
     the Year, the Group’s commercial operational services segment recorded a total revenue of approximately RMB1,012.4
     million. Our commercial operational services product lines include high-quality one-stop shopping malls “Bele city” (碧樂
     城), neighborhood center “Bele fun” (碧樂坊) and commercial block “Bele time” (碧樂時光).

     PROSPECTS AND FUTURE PLANS

     Further developing the “customer oriented” service concept and strengthening customer satisfaction
     management system to improve customer experience


     Since its founding, CG Services has been committed to the service concepts of “Catering for property owners’ urgent
     needs; addressing property owners’ concerns” and “Property owner-oriented”, centering services on the needs of
     property owners and refining service standards to improve the quality of services. The commitment to customer
     satisfaction is the bedrock of sustainable development. Driven by this commitment, we have strengthened the customer
     satisfaction management system, with dedicated staff working around the clock to address customer issues, ensuring
     comprehensive satisfaction surveys, proactively identifying and resolving service shortcomings, in an effort to further
     improve service quality. Furthermore, by leveraging various digital tools, we have transformed customer feedback into an
     online, real-time and closed-loop process, allowing us to gain comprehensive insights and analysis and make customer
     experience management more timely and efficient.


     As we move into 2024, our efforts will focus on enhancing the quality of life and improving the environment within our
     communities, which will include refurbishing outdated facilities and improving the ecological landscape, to offer property
     owners better living experience and to refresh communities with pleasant colors. People’s aspirations for a better life
     is what drives us forward. Through the enhancement of basic property management services and the integration of
     advanced technologies in management and operation practices, we are dedicated to elevating customer experience,
     building safe, green, smart, culturally-vibrant and resident-friendly communities, and transforming property owners’
     visions of ideal life into an attainable reality.


     Upholding the “1+N+X” development strategy and focusing on key businesses for better community life to
     build competitive advantage


     We recognize that delivering high-quality and diverse property management services is essential to transforming people’s
     visions of ideal life into reality. In recent years, CG Services has been maintaining the posture of “the community’s
     readiness for serving the residents’ needs”, further promoting the “property services + lifestyle services” business model,
     and expanding the service offerings, with an aim to enhance the sense of happiness of property owners. For community
     life, we develop key businesses to offer retailing, cleaning, laundering, maintenance services to make life easier and
     better, and advance the construction of “Fifteen Minute Convenient Living Circle” with consideration of customers’ core
     needs, thereby enabling customers to enjoy an ideal and quality life.




20   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


Moving forward, we will firmly uphold the “1+N+X” development strategy for enhancing community value. This strategy
involves not only delivering exceptional property management services to property owners, but also actively developing
key businesses for better community life in key cities, cultivating a competitive edge, and building the incubation
system to attract top entrepreneurs. In addition, we will concentrate on strategic businesses, enhance our capabilities,
forge the differentiated business pattern incorporating both property services and professional attitude, and develop
premium products and a professional team. Moreover, we will explore segments of community scenarios and build the
differentiated business pattern by breakthroughs of premium products and near-field services, so as to build reputation
and strengthen customer loyalty.

Pursuing “lean” digital transformation to empower operation for the purpose of better service quality and
management efficiency

As the management scale expands, property management service providers are racing to construct digital structures,
promoting digital transformation to reinforce management capabilities, improve service quality and boost customer
satisfaction, aiming for more intelligent and efficient property services. Regarding technology as a pivotal instrument
for strengthening service efficiency and customer experience, we will actively engage in research to drive digital
transformation, and empower our staff with advanced technologies, thereby further improving customer experience.

In the operation of property management services, we are persistently driving a “lean” approach to digital transformation,
advancing digital management in the core operation system to enable improvement in service quality and management
efficiency. We will further the lean molding of existing businesses, processes and business patterns, and set a clearer
roadmap with the assistance of digital means: from the service cycle of customer feedback and problem resolution, to
the subsequent steps to monitor service improvement, from the operation cycle of systematic work order dispatching
and batch based review, to digital solutions for every link of the cycle. We will expand digital initiatives to more projects
with the aim of building more “smart” communities.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue

The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services,
(iii) value-added services to non-property owners, (iv) “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, (v) city
services and (vi) commercial operational services. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total revenue increased by
approximately 3.0% to approximately RMB42,611.5 million from approximately RMB41,366.6 million for the year ended
31 December 2022. Among which, the revenue from the third parties increased by approximately 6.0% to approximately
RMB41,283.0 million from approximately RMB38,950.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

During the Year, out of the principle of prudence, after the provision of services to certain customers with significantly
increased credit risks, the consideration received from these customers was recognized as revenue upon the Group’s
fulfillment of its contractual obligations and the consideration had been received. The revenue from the third parties
increased by approximately 6.3% to approximately RMB41,397.4 million from approximately RMB38,950.2 million for the
year ended 31 December 2022 excluding such impact.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     (I)    Property management services

            During the Year, the revenue from property management services increased by approximately 8.1% to
            approximately RMB24,698.5 million from approximately RMB22,855.6 million for the year ended 31 December
            2022, accounting for approximately 58.0% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2022: approximately 55.3%).

            The table below sets out the breakdown of (i) our revenue-bearing GFA, and (ii) our revenue generated from
            the management of properties developed by the CGH Group and independent third-party property developers
            respectively, for the years indicated:

                                                         For the year ended/at 31 December 2023                   For the year/at ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                 Revenue-                                                  Revenue-
                                                                                   bearing                                                   bearing
                                                    Revenue                           GFA                   Revenue                            GFA
                                                   (RMB’000)           (%)   (‘000 sq.m.)          (%)    (RMB’000)             (%)    (‘000 sq.m.)          (%)


             Properties developed by               10,880,507         44.1       476,168           49.8    9,562,869           41.8       419,030           48.2
               Country Garden Real Estate
               Group (Note 1)
             Properties developed by independent   13,818,007         55.9       480,757           50.2   13,292,734           58.2       450,095           51.8
               third-party property developers


             Total                                 24,698,514        100.0       956,925          100.0   22,855,603         100.0        869,125          100.0

            Note 1:    Properties developed by CGH and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (“Country Garden Real Estate Group”)
                       independently or jointly with other parties.


            As at 31 December 2023, the revenue-bearing GFA of the Group increased by approximately 87.8 million sq.m.
            from approximately 869.1 million sq.m. for the same period in 2022 to approximately 956.9 million sq.m., mainly
            due to the conversion of the Group’s reserved GFA of the properties developed by the CGH Group into revenue-
            bearing GFA during the Year.

     (II)   Community value-added services

            During the Year, the revenue from community value-added services decreased by approximately 6.6% to
            approximately RMB3,752.9 million from approximately RMB4,017.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022,
            accounting for approximately 8.8% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2022: approximately 9.7%).

            The decrease in revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to:

            (a)      During the Year, the revenue from home services increased by approximately 19.2% to approximately
                     RMB581.4 million from approximately RMB487.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

            (b)      During the Year, the revenue from home decoration intermediate services decreased by approximately 31.2%
                     to approximately RMB292.7 million from approximately RMB425.2 million for the year ended 31 December
                     2022.

            (c)      During the Year, the revenue from community media services decreased by approximately 16.5% to
                     approximately RMB809.1 million from approximately RMB969.3 million for the year ended 31 December
                     2022.




22   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


        (d)   During the Year, the revenue from local living services decreased by approximately 0.7% to approximately
              RMB1,412.9 million from approximately RMB1,422.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

        (e)   During the Year, the revenue from real estate brokerage services decreased by approximately 7.0% to
              approximately RMB361.3 million from approximately RMB388.3 million for the year ended 31 December
              2022.

        (f)   During the Year, the revenue from community area services decreased by approximately 9.0% to
              approximately RMB295.5 million from approximately RMB324.7 million for the year ended 31 December
              2022.

        During the Year, the Group enhanced service penetration among property owners in the communities and changed
        the operation models, which led to the increase in revenue for domestic services and laundry business. However,
        these were offsetted by the changes in supply and demand in the real estate market in 2023, with a decline in the
        delivery of new homes and a reduction in the scope of home decoration intermediate services; there was also a
        decline in the volume of the media business contracts and a reduction in the advertising expenditures of customers.
        In addition, as the attitude of consumers is more rational, it has resulted in the underperformance of local living
        services. As a result of the above combined impact, the overall community value-added services revenue declined.

(III)   Value-added services to non-property owners

        During the Year, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners decreased by approximately
        41.7% to approximately RMB1,553.4 million from approximately RMB2,664.7 million for the year ended
        31 December 2022, accounting for approximately 3.6% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2022:
        approximately 6.4%).

        The decrease in revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to (i) the phased
        adjustment of some real estate enterprises; and (ii) out of the principle of prudence, after the provision of services
        to certain customers with significantly increased credit risks, the consideration received from these customers was
        recognized as revenue upon the Group’s fulfillment of its contractual obligations and the consideration had been
        received.

(IV)    Three Supplies and Property Management Businesses

        During the Year, the revenue from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses currently includes
        the revenue arising from property management and other related services and heat supply services.

        Among which, the revenue from property management and other related services increased by approximately
        21.2% to approximately RMB4,992.2 million from approximately RMB4,117.8 million for the year ended
        31 December 2022, accounting for approximately 11.7% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2022:
        approximately 10.0%).

        The revenue from heat supply services increased by approximately 6.5% to approximately RMB1,528.0 million
        from approximately RMB1,435.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, accounting for approximately 3.6%
        of the total revenue (for the same period in 2022: approximately 3.5%).

        The increase in the revenue from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses was mainly due to
        the increase in the number of projects taken over and the active development of the productive service businesses.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       23
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     (V)    City Services

            During the Year, the revenue from city services increased from approximately RMB4,836.9 million for the year
            ended 31 December 2022 to approximately RMB4,883.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 1.0%,
            accounting for approximately 11.5% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2022: approximately 11.7%).

            City services were impacted by the overall market conditions within the Year with structural adjustments in
            business, and the revenue maintained stable.

     (VI)   Commercial Operational Services

            During the Year, the revenue from commercial operational services decreased from approximately RMB1,285.1
            million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately RMB1,012.4 million, representing a decrease
            of approximately 21.2%, accounting for approximately 2.4% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2022:
            approximately 3.1%).

            The decrease in the revenue from commercial operational services was mainly because in consideration of the
            Group’s overall business development strategy, the subsidiaries of the Company early terminated the specific
            property leasing contracts signed with the CGH Group for the commercial projects, which will help reduce the
            reliance on connected persons for the commercial management business. The Group plans to invest more efforts
            on the expansion of the commercial management business to the external market, rely on third-party forces to
            achieve the long-term development of the Group, and continue to maintain the independence of the commercial
            management business.

     Costs

     The Group’s costs include (i) staff cost, (ii) cleaning cost, (iii) heat supply cost, (iv) maintenance cost, (v) utilities, (vi)
     greening and gardening cost, (vii) security expenses, (viii) cost of sales of goods, (ix) transportation cost, (x) office and
     communication cost, (xi) taxes and surcharges, (xii) employee uniform expenses, (xiii) depreciation and amortisation
     charges, (xiv) community activities cost, (xv) travelling and entertainment cost, (xvi) construction costs for infrastructure
     under service concession arrangements, (xvii) other labor outsourcing costs, and (xviii) others. During the Year, the
     costs were approximately RMB33,879.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 8.9% as compared to
     approximately RMB31,109.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in costs was mainly due to
     the increase in costs associated with the growth of the Group’s property management services, “Three Supplies and
     Property Management” businesses, city services and the initial investment in the innovation businesses of the community
     value-added services.

     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

     During the Year, the overall gross profit decreased by approximately RMB1,525.6 million to approximately RMB8,731.9
     million from approximately RMB10,257.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing a decrease of
     approximately 14.9%.

     During the Year, the overall gross profit margin decreased by 4.3 percentage points to approximately 20.5% from
     approximately 24.8% for the year ended 31 December 2022, and it was mainly due to the decrease in gross profit
     margins of various businesses.




24   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


(i)     Property management services

        During the Year, the gross profit margin of property management services decreased by 3.4 percentage points to
        approximately 22.1% from approximately 25.5% for the year ended 31 December 2022.

        The decrease in gross profit margin of property management services was mainly due to (i) the principle of
        prudence, that after the provision of services to certain customers with significantly increased credit risks, the
        consideration received from these customers was recognized as revenue upon the Group’s fulfillment of its
        contractual obligations and the consideration had been received; and (ii) proactive investment in promoting on-site
        quality enhancement and environmental renovation of property management projects.

        The adjusted gross profit margin of property management services decreased by 2.6 percentage points to
        approximately 26.4% from approximately 29.0% for the year ended 31 December 2022 excluding the impact
        of amortisation charges of intangible assets — contracts and customer relationships and brands — arising from
        mergers and acquisitions and the reason for the decrease in gross profit margin of property management services as
        stated above (i).

(ii)    Community value-added services

        During the Year, the gross profit margin of community value-added services decreased by 14.1 percentage points
        to approximately 39.4% from approximately 53.5% for the year ended 31 December 2022.

        The decrease in gross profit margin of community value-added services was mainly due to the continuation of fixed
        costs while the revenue from the relevant services decreased.

(iii)   Value-added services to non-property owners

        During the Year, the gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners decreased by 12.6
        percentage points to approximately 1.0% from approximately 13.6% for the year ended 31 December 2022.

        The decrease in the gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to (i) the
        principle of prudence, that after the provision of services to certain customers with significantly increased credit
        risks, the consideration received from these customers was recognized as revenue upon the Group’s fulfillment of
        its contractual obligations and the consideration had been received; and (ii) the decrease in contracted unit price as
        a result of the impact of the economic environment.

        The adjusted gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners decreased by 3.2 percentage
        points to approximately 10.4% from approximately 13.6% for the year ended 31 December 2022 excluding the
        impact of amortisation charges of intangible assets — contracts and customer relationships and brands — arising
        from mergers and acquisitions and the reason for the decrease in gross profit margin of value-added services to
        non-property owners as stated above (i).

(iv)    Three Supplies and Property Management Businesses

        During the Year, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, the gross profit margin of property
        management and other related services decreased from approximately 8.8% for the year ended 31 December
        2022 to approximately 7.4%, representing a decrease of 1.4 percentage points.

        The decrease in the gross profit margin of the property management and other related services under the “Three
        Supplies and Property Management” businesses was mainly due to the lower gross margin of several new
        businesses.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       25
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            During the Year, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, the gross profit margin of heat
            supply services increased from approximately 9.5% for the year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately 9.8%,
            representing an increase of 0.3 percentage points.

            The gross profit margin of heat supply services under the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses
            remained stable.

     (v)    City Services

            During the Year, the gross profit margin of city services decreased from approximately 18.8% for the year ended
            31 December 2022 to approximately 16.8%, representing a decrease of 2.0 percentage points.

            The decrease in the gross profit margin of city services was mainly due to structural adjustments in the business as
            a result of changes in the Group’s cooperation modes during the Year.

     (vi)   Commercial Operational Services

            During the Year, the gross profit margin of commercial operational services decreased from approximately 35.5%
            for the year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately 30.9%, representing a decrease of 4.6 percentage points.

            The decrease in the gross profit margin of commercial operational services was mainly due to (i) the phase-out
            of certain projects within the Year, which led to a lag in cost adjustments; and (ii) the intensified competition in
            commercial operational services as a result of the impact of economic environment.

     Selling and Marketing Expenses

     During the Year, selling and marketing expenses were approximately RMB342.1 million, representing a decrease of
     approximately 21.8% as compared with approximately RMB437.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

     The decrease in selling and marketing expenses was mainly due to the tightened policy on expense management of the
     Group.

     General and Administrative Expenses

     During the Year, general and administrative expenses were approximately RMB3,866.4 million, representing a decrease
     of approximately 9.5% as compared with approximately RMB4,270.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The
     percentage of general and administrative expenses decreased by 1.2 percentage points from approximately 10.3% for
     the same period in 2022 to approximately 9.1%.

     The decrease in general and administrative expenses was mainly because the lapse of partial share options during the
     Year, which offsetted the expense of share options provided in the previous period.

     In addition, the adjusted percentage of general and administrative expenses decreased by 0.7 percentage points from
     approximately 10.2% for the same period in 2022 to approximately 9.5% excluding the expense of share options.

     Other Income

     During the Year, other income was approximately RMB477.4 million, representing a decrease of approximately 11.2% as
     compared with approximately RMB537.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

     The decrease in other income was mainly due to the decrease in government subsidy during the Year as compared to
     the same period last year.




26   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


Other Gains/(Losses) — Net

During the Year, other gains/(losses) — net were approximately RMB161.4 million, representing an increase of
approximately RMB275.6 million as compared with approximately RMB-114.2 million for the year ended 31 December
2022.

The increase in other gains/(losses) — net was mainly due to the increase in realised and unrealised gains on the financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss as a result of fluctuations in market conditions as compared with the same
period last year.

Finance Income/(Costs) — Net

During the Year, finance income/(costs) — net were approximately RMB38.2 million, representing an increase of
approximately RMB110.3 million compared with approximately RMB-72.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The increase in finance income/(costs) — net was mainly due to the decrease in interest expenses as compared with the
same period last year as a result of the due redemption and cancellation of the convertible bonds issued in 2021 on 1
June 2022, and the increase in interest income on deposits during the Year as compared with that of the last period.

Income Tax Expense

During the Year, income tax expense was approximately RMB562.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately
54.0% compared to approximately RMB1,224.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The decrease in income tax expense was mainly due to the decrease in total profit before tax of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2023.

Profit for the Year

During the Year, the net profit of the Group was approximately RMB516.7 million, representing a decrease of
approximately 77.2% compared to approximately RMB2,261.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

During the Year, the profit attributable to the Shareholders was approximately RMB292.3 million, representing a decrease
of approximately 85.0% compared to approximately RMB1,943.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

During the Year, the profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of the Company was approximately RMB224.4
million, representing a decrease of approximately 29.4% compared to approximately RMB317.9 million for the year
ended 31 December 2022.

During the Year, the core net profit attributable to the Shareholders* was approximately RMB3,939.5 million, representing
a decrease of approximately 21.6% compared to approximately RMB5,021.8 million for the year ended 31 December
2022.




*    Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding borrowing costs of convertible bonds, share-based payment
     expenses, unrealised gains or losses from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, amortisation charges of intangible assets
     — contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions, impairment of
     goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities, gains/(losses) from disposal of subsidiaries,
     expected losses on external guarantee and impairment of receivables from related parties.


                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023           27
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Intangible Assets

     The intangible assets of the Group mainly comprise goodwill arising from equity acquisitions, contracts and customer
     relationships, software assets, insurance brokerage licenses, brands and concession intangible assets.

     As at 31 December 2023, the intangible assets of the Group were approximately RMB23,927.3 million, representing a
     decrease of approximately RMB2,026.1 million compared to approximately RMB25,953.4 million as at 31 December
     2022, which was mainly due to the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets of the Company of approximately
     RMB1,476.0 million arising from equity acquisitions by the Group during the Year, and the amortisation arising from the
     intangible assets of approximately RMB1,140.9 million during the Year.

     Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income

     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include equity investments in certain entities.

     As at 31 December 2023, the balance of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income of the Group
     was approximately RMB4,318.0 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB166.4 million compared to
     approximately RMB4,151.6 million as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the increase in the valuation of
     certain investment of the Group during the Year.

     Trade and Other Receivables

     Trade and other receivables include trade receivables, other receivables, prepayments to suppliers and prepayments for
     tax.

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group recorded net trade receivables of approximately RMB16,378.5 million, representing
     an increase of approximately RMB1,020.4 million compared to approximately RMB15,358.1 million as at 31 December
     2022, mainly due to the increase in the revenue from property management services and long payment period of
     customers for city services.

     The net other receivables was approximately RMB3,805.2 million as at 31 December 2023, representing a decrease of
     approximately RMB1,636.3 million compared to approximately RMB5,441.5 million as at 31 December 2022, which was
     mainly due to the decrease in loans to third parties pledged by equities and deposits.

     Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include investments in wealth management products and a closed-end
     fund.

     As at 31 December 2023, the balance of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of the Group amounted
     to approximately RMB807.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB55.1 million as compared with
     approximately RMB862.8 million as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the decrease in valuation of the
     closed-end fund.




28   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


Contract Liabilities

The contract liabilities mainly arose from the advance payments made by customers for property management services
and community value-added services, which are yet to be provided.

The contract liabilities increased from approximately RMB5,981.9 million as at 31 December 2022 to approximately
RMB7,591.5 million as at 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB1,609.6 million, which was
mainly due to the increase in the advance payments for property management services.

Trade and Other Payables

Trade and other payables include trade payables, other payables, dividend payables, contingent consideration for
business combination, payroll payables and other taxes payables.

Trade payables primarily represent payables for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
business from suppliers, including purchase of materials and utilities as well as purchase from sub-contractors.

As at 31 December 2023, trade payables of the Group were approximately RMB7,216.3 million, representing an increase
of approximately RMB1,239.7 million compared to approximately RMB5,976.6 million as at 31 December 2022, primarily
due to the Group’s business expansion resulting in an increase in material procurement costs, labor outsourcing costs
and utility fees.

Other payables primarily include (i) deposits from property owners in relation to interior decorations; (ii) temporary receipts
of fees from property owners (mainly consisting of utilities fees collected from property owners and income generated
from common area value-added services that belongs to property owners); (iii) outstanding considerations payable for
business combinations; and (iv) accruals and others (mainly in relation to payables to third parties and advances).

Other payables decreased from approximately RMB6,785.3 million as at 31 December 2022 to approximately
RMB6,029.8 million as at 31 December 2023, primarily due to the decrease in considerations payable for business
combinations and payables to third parties.

Capital Management

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
in order to provide returns for the Shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
structure to reduce the cost of capital.

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to the
Shareholders, issue new shares, or sell assets to reduce debt.

The Group monitors its capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity.
Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents.

As at 31 December 2023, the bank and other borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1,569.5 million (31
December 2022: approximately RMB2,253.6 million). All borrowings due during the Year were repaid on time.

As at 31 December 2022 and 2023, the gearing ratio of the Group was maintained at net cash position.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       29
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

     As at 31 December 2023, total bank deposits and cash (including restricted bank deposits) of the Group were
     approximately RMB12,939.3 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB1,562.5 million as compared with
     approximately RMB11,376.8 million as at 31 December 2022. Total bank deposits and cash were denominated in the
     following currencies:

                                                              31 December 2023                    31 December 2022
                                                            (RMB’000)          (%)              (RMB’000)                (%)

      RMB                                                   12,615,141              97.5       11,182,834              98.3
      HKD                                                      195,269               1.5          104,259               0.9
      Other currencies                                         128,867               1.0           89,679               0.8

                                                            12,939,277             100.0       11,376,772             100.0

     Out of the total bank deposits and cash of the Group, restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB302.1 million (31
     December 2022: approximately RMB161.0 million) mainly represented judicially frozen funds and the cash deposits in
     bank as performance security for property management services according to the requirements of the local government
     authorities and the deposits made as performance security for business contracts of Manguo and Fujian Dongfei, the
     subsidiaries of the Group.

     As at 31 December 2023, the net current assets of the Group were approximately RMB9,485.9 million (31 December
     2022: approximately RMB9,662.3 million). The current ratio (current assets/current liabilities) of the Group was
     approximately 1.4 times (31 December 2022: 1.4 times).

     Key Risk Factors and Uncertainties

     The following content lists out the key risks and uncertainties confronted by the Group. It is a non-exhaustive list and
     there may be other risks and uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.

     Industry Risk

     The Group’s businesses are affected by the overall economy, market conditions and the policies and regulations of
     the property management industry. When there are changes in economic conditions that lead to fluctuations in the
     consumption levels and purchasing power of businesses and individuals, these fluctuations may affect the Group’s
     business operations and collection of payments for businesses. When there are significant changes in the PRC real
     estate market that exceed expectations, these changes may affect the growth of the Group’s revenue-bearing GFA and
     related revenue growth. When the government adjusts policies and regulations for property management industry, these
     adjustments may have a significant impact on the business strategies of property enterprises including the Group, service
     offerings and charging standards.

     Business Risk

     The Group’s ability to maintain or improve the Group’s current level of profitability depends on the Group’s ability to
     control operating costs (particularly labour costs) and the Group’s profit margins and results of operations may be
     materially and adversely affected by the increase in labour or other operating costs; the Group may not procure new
     property management services contracts as planned or at desirable pace or price; the Group may not be able to collect
     property management fees from customers and as a result, may incur impairment losses on receivables; termination
     or non-renewal of a significant number of the Group’s property management services contracts could have a material
     adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations.




30   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


Foreign Exchange Risk

The Group’s businesses were principally located in the PRC. Except for bank deposits, trade receivables, closed-end
funds and equity investments in an entity denominated in foreign currencies, the Group was not subject to any other
material risk directly relating to foreign exchange fluctuations. The management will continue to monitor the foreign
exchange exposure, take prudent measures and develop hedging strategies as appropriate to reduce foreign exchange
risks.

Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 213,712 employees (31 December 2022: 227,759 employees). During the
Year, the total staff costs were approximately RMB15,384.5 million.

The remuneration package of the employees includes salary, bonus and other cash subsidies. Employees are rewarded
on a performance-related basis, together with reference to the profitability of the Group, remuneration benchmarks in the
industry and prevailing market conditions, in accordance with the policy of the Group on compensation and welfare.

The Group is subject to social insurance contribution plans or other pension schemes prescribed by the local
governments and is required to pay on behalf of its employees, monthly social insurance funds covering pension fund,
medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and unemployment insurance, and the housing
provident fund, or to contribute regularly to other mandatory provident fund schemes on behalf of its employees.

The Shareholders approved the share option scheme of the Company on 28 September 2020. During the Year, the
Company has not granted any share options according to the above schemes and has not issued any Shares upon the
exercise of share options by eligible participants.

Employee Training and Development

CG Services adheres to the commitment of building a broad development platform for employees, and has established a
diversified training system based on business needs as well as the development needs of employees in their specialized
fields. In 2023, the Group launched a rich variety of training products and training programs through the integration of
online and offline, in order to meet the development needs of talents at all levels.

For online training, we have created the “BIXUETANG College (碧學堂)”, an online learning platform for all employees,
offering them precisely matched learning courses including corporate culture, professional skills and professional
ethics. At the same time, in order to support the Group’s business development strategy more efficiently, the Company
has planned regular online training products such as “One Moment (一刻堂)” and “One Expansion and One Special
Empowerment Project (一拓一拓展專項賦能)”.

For offline training, we have planned talent development programs such as “CG Defense Officer (碧防官)” and “Special
Recruitment Class for Veterans (退役軍人特招班)” for key positions. These programs systematically enhance employees’
management abilities and business skills through professional faculty support, extraction of typical case studies and
mentorship through job rotation. In addition to routine trainings, the Company also conducted business empowerment
activities with distinctive features of CG Services for employees and stimulated their innovative consciousness and
capabilities through “Skill Competition (技能比武大賽)” and “Golden Tung Prize Selection (金桐獎榮譽評選)”.

As at 31 December 2023, the Company organised a total of 2,486 online and offline training sessions, with a total of
936,528 hours of learning for employees.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      31
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Charge on Assets

     As at 31 December 2023, several subsidiaries of the Company carried out borrowing and sale and leaseback financing
     loan business with banks and financial leasing companies to meet the daily operational needs. These were mainly
     secured by rights of collection of certain of their respective city service projects and certain equipment.

     Contingent Liabilities

     Please refer to note 31 to the consolidated financial statements for details of contingent liabilities as at 31 December
     2023, which were contingent considerations arising from business combinations. Save as disclosed, the Group did not
     have any other contingent liabilities.

     External Guarantee

     As at 31 December 2023, save as disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group did not have
     any other external guarantee.

     Material Impairment of Assets

     (1)   Provisions for impairment of receivables from related party

           For the year ended 31 December 2022 and the first half of 2023, CGH Group, a related-party customer of the
           Group, engaged in real estate development and related business, with a leading sales scale in the industry, and
           timely repaid its debts and issued new bonds, no evidence showed that CGH Group was suffering from significant
           financial difficulties.

           However, due to significant changes in the supply and demand relationship in the PRC real estate market, the
           real estate development and related businesses of CGH Group was under liquidity pressure at this stage. Since
           the second half of 2023, the sales of CGH Group which served by the Group, were obviously under pressure
           and available funds continued to decrease, resulting in a significant increase in the number of trade receivable
           turnover days. As at 31 August 2023, the auditor of CGH Group issued a non-standard report, stating that there
           was a material uncertainty that might cast significant doubt about the ability of CGH Group to continue as a
           going concern. As at 10 October 2023, CGH Group, served by the Group, announced that all of its offshore debt
           obligations were not expected to be satisfied on time or within the relevant grace periods.

           As at 31 December 2023, the Group considered that there was a significant increase in the credit risk of trade
           receivables amounting to RMB2,757,874,000 from CGH. Therefore, such trade receivable was assessed on
           an individual basis. The Group evaluated the distribution of expected cash flows under a number of scenarios
           (as described in the table below) based on historical credit loss experience, business model, current status of
           contractual counterparties and future projections under different scenarios.


            Scenarios

            Scenario 1: CGH Group settles debt by financing

            Scenario 2: the Group and CGH Group negotiate for a standalone debt restructuring scheme

            Scenario 3: CGH Group fails to resume normal operations and eventually enters bankruptcy/liquidation
            proceedings




32   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


      The management of the Company made corresponding expected credit loss provision according to expected credit
      loss rate and the related probability weight under different scenarios. Out of the principle of prudence, expected
      credit loss provision totaling RMB2,198,613,000 was made for receivables from related parties (31 December
      2022: Nil), of which RMB2,181,665,000 was made for the receivables from CGH Group and corresponding
      expected credit loss rate was 79.1%.

      According to the progress of collecting receivables from related parties, the Company has actively adjusted its
      business strategy relating to related parties with a decrease in the business scales with related parties as compared
      to 2022. The Company also maintained close communication with related parties and continued to promote the
      implementation of various measures for collecting trade receivables at its best efforts.

(2)   Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

      The business expansion and value-added business of some subsidiaries acquired by the Group in previous years
      have not been carried out as scheduled and some existing business has been adjusted, leading to declines in
      revenues and profits. Meanwhile, the long payment period of some customers resulted in unsatisfactory cash flows.

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group, with the assistance of independent valuer, conducted an impairment
      assessment on goodwill. The recoverable amounts of all cash-generating units were recalculated. In particular,
      the values in use of the cash-generating units other than these primarily including Sichuan Justbon Life Services
      Group Co., Ltd.* (四川嘉寶生活服務集團股份有限公司) (“Justbon Services”), Fujian Dongfei Environment Group
      Co., Ltd.* (福建東飛環境集團有限公司) (“Fujian Dongfei”) and City-Media (Shanghai) Culture Media Co., Ltd.* (城
      市縱橫（上海）文化傳媒有限公司) (“City-Media”), were assessed to be higher than their carrying amounts. As a
      result, the Group made an impairment of RMB1,475,999,000 for the goodwill and other intangible assets of these
      subsidiaries. For details, please refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.

      The Group wishes to emphasize that the above provisions for impairment of receivables and impairment of goodwill
      and other intangible assets will not have any impact on the cash flow for the operation of the Group.

Material Acquisitions, Disposals and Significant Investments

During the Year, except for the events stated in “MAJOR EVENTS DURING THE YEAR”, the Group had no material
acquisitions or disposals and no individually significant investments.

MAJOR EVENTS DURING THE YEAR
Amendments to the Memorandum and Articles of Association and Adoption of the Second Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

For the purposes of (i) complying with the Core Shareholders Protection Standards as set out in the amended Appendix
A1 to the Listing Rules with effect from 1 January 2022; (ii) complying with the relevant provisions of the applicable laws
of the Cayman Islands; (iii) allowing general meetings to be held as an electronic meeting (also referred to as a virtual
general meeting) or as a hybrid meeting; and (iv) making certain organisational and administrative amendments, the
Board proposed to make certain amendments to the existing memorandum and articles of association of the Company
(the “Proposed Amendments”). At the same time, the Board proposed to adopt the second amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association incorporating the Proposed Amendments (the “Articles of Association”) in
substitution for and to the exclusion of the existing memorandum and articles of association.

The Proposed Amendments and the proposed adoption of the Articles of Association were approved by way of a special
resolution at the annual general meeting of the Company in 2023. Please refer to the announcements of the Company
dated 29 March 2023 and 25 May 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 24 April 2023 for further details.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023       33
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Donation of Shares by the Chairman of the Board and a Controlling Shareholder

     The Company has been notified by Ms. Yang Huiyan, a controlling shareholder (as defined under the Listing Rules), the
     non-executive Director and the chairman of the Board, that she and her wholly-owned company, Concrete Win Limited (the
     “Donor”), entered into a deed of gift with Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) Limited (“Guoqiang Public
     Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong)”) on 29 July 2023 (the “Deed of Gift”). Pursuant to the Deed of Gift, the Donor shall
     donate 674,640,867 Shares of the Company, representing approximately 20% of then issued Shares (the “Donation
     Shares”), to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) for charitable purposes (the “Donation”).

     Recognising the long-term value of the Company and in order to enhance the stability of the Company’s corporate
     governance, Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to Ms. Yang
     and the Donor that it will hold the Donation Shares for a period of ten years and appoint Ms. Yang and the Donor or their
     designated person(s) as proxies to exercise the voting rights in respect of the Donation Shares on behalf of Guoqiang
     Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) at the discretion of Ms. Yang and the Donor. The Donation has now been
     completed. Ms. Yang directly and indirectly owns 543,695,233 Shares, representing approximately 16.12% of the then
     issued Shares; and Ms. Yang continues to directly and indirectly control the voting rights in respect of 1,218,336,100
     Shares, which include the voting rights in respect of the Donation Shares, representing approximately 36.12% of the
     voting rights in respect of the then issued Shares. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30 July 2023
     for further details.

     Carrying out on-Market Share Repurchase

     The Board believes that the share repurchase will demonstrate the Group’s confidence in its long-term business
     prospects, improve the returns to the Shareholders and be in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders as a
     whole. The Board also believes that the Group is in a stable financial position and is able to maintain sufficient financial
     resources to meet the needs of its continuous business growth while carrying out the share repurchase.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board repurchased a total of 30,184,000 Shares on the Stock Exchange
     at a total consideration of HKD289,932,000 (before expenses) in accordance with the general mandate to repurchase
     Shares granted by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company in 2023. All the Shares repurchased
     were subsequently cancelled in full during the Year. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 1 August
     2023, 4 September 2023, 12 September 2023 and 22 September 2023 for further details.

     Change of Executive Director, President, Authorised Representative, Chairman of Environmental, Social and
     Governance Committee and Agent for the Service of Process in Hong Kong and Appointment of Executive
     President and Chief Strategy Officer

     Mr. Li Changjiang has resigned from his position as an executive Director, the president, the authorised representative
     (the “Authorised Representative”) as required under Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules, the chairman of the environmental,
     social and governance committee and the agent for the service of process in Hong Kong of the Company in order to
     devote more time to his family, children’s education and other personal affairs, with effect from 10 October 2023. Mr.
     Li will continue to make suggestions and contributions to the development of the Company as the consultant of the
     Company.

     Mr. Xu Binhuai (徐彬淮) has been appointed as an executive Director, the president, the Authorised Representative, the
     chairman of the environmental, social and governance committee and the agent for the service of process in Hong Kong
     of the Company with effect from 10 October 2023.

     Mr. Huang Peng (黃鵬) has been appointed as the executive president and Chief Strategy Officer of the Company with
     effect from 10 October 2023. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 10 October 2023 for further
     details.




34   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


(1) Announcement Pursuant to Rule 3.7 of the Takeovers Code in Relation to the Possible Acquisition of
Hopefluent Shares by CG Property Services HK from China-net Holding Ltd. and (2) Issue of New Hopefluent
Shares by Hopefluent under Specific Mandate

On 6 November 2023 (after trading hours), CG Property Services HK, Mr. Fu Wai Chung (an executive director and
controlling shareholder of Hopefluent Group Holdings Limited (“Hopefluent”)), China-net Holding Ltd. (a company
wholly-owned by Mr. Fu Wai Chung and a substantial shareholder of Hopefluent) and Hopefluent entered into a strategic
cooperation agreement (the “Strategic Cooperation Agreement”) in respect of the possible acquisition of 71,640,000
Hopefluent shares by CG Property Services HK (as potential purchaser) from China-net Holding Ltd. (as potential vendor)
(the “Possible Acquisition”) and the subscription for 26,966,000 new Hopefluent shares by CG Property Services HK (as
subscriber) from Hopefluent (as issuer) (the “Subscription”). Please refer to the joint announcement of the Company and
Hopefluent dated 6 November 2023 for further details.

Inside Information on Asset Impairment

An assessment on the expected credit losses for trade receivables from related parties and impairment testing of goodwill
have been conducted by the Company on 18 December 2023 in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards respectively, based on the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Group for the eleven
months ended 30 November 2023, and impairment provisions are to be made for assets with impairment indicators in
accordance with the results of the assessment and impairment testing: (1) out of the principle of prudence, an impairment
provision from approximately RMB1,800 million to RMB2,300 million has been made for the trade receivables due from
the related parties of the Group; and (2) an impairment from approximately RMB1,400 million to RMB1,800 million has
been made for the goodwill and other intangible assets of the Group. The asset impairment will not have any impact on
the cash flow for the operation of the Group. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 18
December 2023.

(1) Renewal of Continuing Connected Transactions (A) the 2023 Framework Agreements and (B) the 2023
Property Lease Framework Agreement, and (2) Termination of Certain Leases under the Existing Property
Lease Framework Agreement

References are made to the announcements dated 4 December 2020, 13 April 2021 and 12 July 2022 and circular
dated 7 December 2020, in relation to, among other things, certain continuing connected transactions between the
Group and CGH Group under the existing framework agreements (the “Existing Framework Agreements”).

Since the Existing Framework Agreements expired on 31 December 2023 and it is expected that the Group will continue
to enter into similar transactions from time to time thereafter, the Company and CGH have entered into: (1) the 2023
Property Management Services Framework Agreement; (2) the 2023 Non-property Owner Value-added Services
Framework Agreement; and (3) 2023 Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement (as defined
below in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions with CGH”) (collectively, the “2023 Framework
Agreements”) on 29 December 2023 (after trading hours).

Since the existing property lease framework agreement entered into on 13 April 2021 and revised on 12 July 2022
expired on 31 December 2023 and it was expected that members of the Group will continue to enter into short-term
leases with members of the CGH Group from time to time thereafter, on 29 December 2023 (after trading hours),
the Company entered into the 2023 Property Lease Framework Agreement (as defined below in the section headed
“Continuing Connected Transactions with CGH”). The Group shall acquire no new right-of-use assets pursuant to the
2023 Property Lease Framework Agreement or the existing property lease framework agreement.

On 29 December 2023 (after trading hours), the Company entered into the property lease termination confirmation letter
with CGH (the “Property Lease Termination Confirmation Letter”), pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate
certain long-term individual lease contracts (which were entered pursuant to the existing property lease framework
agreement) on 31 December 2023. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December
2023.


                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      35
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS
     Ms. Yang Huiyan (楊惠妍), aged 42, was appointed as a Non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Board on 9
     March 2018 and is responsible for the formulation and provision of guidance and development strategies for the overall
     development of the Group. Ms. Yang is also the chairman of the nomination committee, a member of the remuneration
     committee and the environmental, social and governance committee (as appointed on 3 April 2024) of the Company, as
     well as a director of certain members of the Group. Ms. Yang is a controlling shareholder of the Company.

     Ms. Yang joined CGH in March 2005 as a general manager of the procurement department, where she was responsible
     for overall procurement decision making until November 2006. Ms. Yang was appointed as an executive director of CGH
     in December 2006, a vice chairman of CGH in March 2012 and was re-designated from a vice chairman of CGH to a co-
     chairman of CGH in December 2018 and succeeded the chairman of CGH from a co-chairman of CGH in March 2023. Ms.
     Yang is also the chairman of the nomination committee, the corporate governance committee, the environmental, social
     and governance committee and the executive committee as well as a member of the remuneration committee and the
     finance committee of CGH and a director of various subsidiaries of the CGH Group.

     Ms. Yang graduated from Ohio State University in the United States in March 2005, where she obtained a bachelor
     degree in business administration and she also obtained an EMBA degree from Tsinghua University in 2019. Ms. Yang
     was awarded “China Charity Award Special Contribution Award” in 2008, “China Poverty Alleviation Award Contribution
     Award” in 2019 and “The 11th China Charity Award Individual Donor Award” in 2021.

     Mr. Xu Binhuai (徐彬淮), aged 45, was appointed as an Executive Director, the president, the authorised representative,
     a chairman of the environmental, social and governance committee and the agent for the service of process in Hong
     Kong on 10 October 2023 and is primarily responsible for the overall strategic decision-making, business planning and
     major operational decision-making of the Group.

     Mr. Xu was appointed as the vice president and the Chief Strategy Officer of the Company successively from October
     2016 to October 2023 and was primarily responsible for business innovation strategic planning, operation management,
     digital management, intelligent manufacturing and community life service business operation. Mr. Xu has also been
     directors and managers of certain members of the Group.

     Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Xu served in various positions in marketing at DHL-SINOTRANS International Air Courier
     Ltd.* (中外運–敦豪國際航空快件有限公司), including as manager of sales performance team and regional sales and
     marketing planning manager, where he was mainly responsible for sales planning and performance management from
     November 2004 to February 2010. He served as the head of marketing department of North Asia region at American
     President Lines (China) Co., Ltd. (美國總統輪船（中國）有限公司), a logistics company, where he was mainly responsible
     for marketing and sales management in North Asia region from March 2010 to October 2012. He served as a senior
     project manager at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants (Shanghai) Company Limited* (羅蘭貝格企業管理（上海）有限
     公司), where he was in charge of business consulting services to transportation, logistics, tourism, public service sectors
     and other sectors from November 2012 to February 2016. Mr. Xu joined CGH as the deputy general manager of the
     corporate strategy office in March 2016 and was mainly responsible for strategic planning of new business lines until
     September 2016.

     Mr. Xu graduated from Fudan University in July 2002, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree in macromolecular material
     and engineering. He graduated from the University of Hong Kong in November 2016, where he obtained a master’s
     degree in business administration.




36   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Xiao Hua (肖華), aged 46, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018. He has been the vice
president of CG Life Services since February 2013 and was appointed as a member of the senior management of the
Company on 3 April 2024. Mr. Xiao is primarily responsible for the overall management of Guangzhou Tianli Property
Service Co., Ltd* (廣州天力物業發展有限公司), the main domestic entity of Wealth Best Global Limited, and its
subsidiaries since January 2022. Mr. Xiao is also a member of the environmental, social and governance committee of
the Company, as well as a director of certain members of the Group.

From April 2002 to April 2009, Mr. Xiao worked at the Group as an assistant manager, a deputy manager and a manager
at Chencun branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the security management and providing
assistance to day-to-day operation of the branch office, and a deputy manager, a manager and a senior manager at
Huabi branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the day-to-day operation and management of
the branch office. From April 2009 to December 2009, Mr. Xiao was promoted to regional director at Changsha branch
office and in January 2010, he was transferred to regional director of Zengcheng branch office, where he was primarily
responsible for the overall operation, management and brand development of property management services until
February 2013. From February 2013 to December 2018, Mr. Xiao served as vice president of CG Life Services, mainly
responsible for the overall management of value-added services to non-property owners. Since January 2019, Mr. Xiao
has started to serve as a director of Baoshihua Home Investment Management Company Limited* (寶石花家園投資管理
有限公司) (“Baoshihua”) and its subsidiaries while serving as the vice president of CG Life services, participating in the
overall management of Baoshihua.

Mr. Mei Wenjue (梅文珏), aged 54, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and
is responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Mei is also a member of the audit committee and the
remuneration committee of the Company.

From 1994 to September 2008, Mr. Mei worked at China Southern Airlines Company Limited (中國南方航空股份有
限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600029) and the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 1055). From September 2008 to October 2014, he served as the chief representative at the
Shenzhen Office of China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院). Mr. Mei served as an independent
non-executive director of the board at Miko International Holdings Limited (米格國際控股有限公司), a company listed
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1247) from December 2013 to March 2016 and an independent
non-executive director of the board at CGH from May 2013 to March 2018. From November 2014 to December 2020,
Mr. Mei also served as the general manager at Guangzhou Ruizhi Car Rental Company Limited* (廣州瑞致租車有限公
司) (a company primarily engaged in car rental business). Mr. Mei is currently the director of Guangzhou Ruizhi Car Rental
Company Limited* (廣州瑞致租車有限公司), where he directs the company strategy planning and he also oversees the
overall operations.

Mr. Mei graduated from Sun Yat-Sen University (中山大學) in the PRC, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree of
English language and literature in June 1994 and a master’s degree of administrative management in June 2001. He
also received a master’s degree in business administration from the School of Management of Cranfield University in the
United Kingdom in June 2006.

Mr. Rui Meng (芮萌), aged 56, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Rui is also the chairman of the audit committee and a
member of the nomination committee of the Company.

Mr. Rui has been a professor of Finance and Accounting at China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學
院) since January 2012, and has held the title of Parkland Chair in Finance at China Europe International Business School
since October 2015.

Mr. Rui has been professionally qualified as a Certified Financial Analyst by the Association for Investment Management
and Research since September 2000 and a Financial Risk Manager (FRM) by the Global Association of Risk Professionals
(GARP) since April 2010.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      37
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. Rui was an independent director of the board at COSCO SHIPPING Energy Transportation Co., Ltd.* (中遠海運
     能源運輸股份有限公司), a company listed on both the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1138) and the
     Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600026) from June 2015 to June 2021, an independent director of the board
     at Shang Gong Group Co., Ltd.* (上工申貝（集團）股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 600843) from April 2017 to June 2023 and an independent director of the board at Shanghai Hydee
     Software Corp., Ltd. (上海海典軟件股份有限公司), a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations
     (stock code: 831317) from June 2020 to June 2023. From June 2021 to August 2021, he was also an independent non-
     executive director of Justbon Services (formerly known as Sichuan Languang Justbon Services Group Co., Ltd.* (四川藍
     光嘉寶服務集團股份有限公司), a company whose shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 2606) and were withdrawn from listing in August 2021.

     He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of the board at China Education Group Holdings Limited
     (中國教育集團控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0839), an
     independent non-executive director of the board of Landsea Green Management Limited (朗詩綠色管理有限公司)
     (formerly known as Landsea Green Properties Co., Ltd. (朗詩綠色地產有限公司)), a company listed on the Main Board
     of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 106), an independent non-executive director of the board at Dexin Services Group
     Limited (德信服務集團有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2215), an
     independent director of Jiayin Group Inc., a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange (stock code: JFIN), an
     independent director of Bright Scholar, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU).

     Mr. Rui graduated from University of International Relations (國際關係學院) in the PRC in July 1990, where he obtained
     a bachelor’s degree in international economics. He also received a master’s degree of science in economics from
     Oklahoma State University in the United States as well as a master’s degree in business administration and a doctor of
     philosophy degree in business administration from the University of Houston in the United States in May 1993, December
     1996 and August 1997, respectively.

     Mr. Chen Weiru (陳威如), aged 53, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
     responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Chen is also the chairman of the remuneration committee
     and a member of the audit committee and the nomination committee of the Company. He was further appointed as a
     member of the environmental, social and governance committee of the Company on 3 April 2024.

     Mr. Chen served as an associate professor of strategy at China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商
     學院) since August 2020. He was an independent director of Fangdd Network Group Ltd. (房多多網絡集團有限公司),
     a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange (stock code: DUO) from October 2019 to November 2022, and an
     independent director of Blue City Holdings Limited (藍城兄弟控股有限公司), a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock
     Exchange (stock code: BLCT), which withdrawn from listing in August 2022, from January 2021 to August 2022, an
     independent director of WPG Holdings Limited (大聯大控股股份有限公司, formerly known as 大聯大投資控股股份
     有限公司), a company listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code: 3702) from June 2020 to May 2023 and an
     independent director of the board at Dian Diagnostics Group Co., Ltd. (迪安診斷技術集團股份有限公司), a company
     listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300244) from July 2017 to November 2023.

     Mr. Chen currently serves as an independent director of the board at TAL Education Group (好未來教育集團), a company
     listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: TAL), an independent director of the board at Opple Lighting Co.,
     Ltd. (歐普照明股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603515), an independent
     director of the board at Jack Technology Co., Ltd. (傑克科技股份有限公司), formerly known as Jack Sewing Machine
     Co., Ltd. (傑克縫紉機股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603337) and an
     independent non-executive director of Vision Deal HK Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company listed on
     the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 7827).

     Mr. Chen graduated from National Taiwan University (國立台灣大學) in Taiwan in June 1993, where he obtained a
     bachelor’s degree in business administration. In January 1996, he graduated from Tamkang University (淡江大學) in
     Taiwan, where he obtained a master’s degree in business administration. He received a doctor of philosophy in strategic
     management from Purdue University in the United States in December 2003.


38   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Zhao Jun (趙軍), aged 62, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 3 April 2024 and is
responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Zhao is also a member of the audit committee, the
nomination committee and the environmental, social and governance committee of the Company.

Mr. Zhao has been the executive director and the manager of China Fellow Partners Limited (北京复樸道和投資管理有限
公司) since 2015. He also currently serves as an independent director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (博實
樂教育控股有限公司), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU), and Gansu Jingang Solar
Co. Ltd. (甘肅金剛光伏股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300093.SZ). In
addition, he previously worked for Chinavest Services Limited (中國創業投資服務有限公司) and DT Capital Management
Company Limited (德同資本管理有限公司). From January 2015 to August 2021, Mr. Zhao served as an independent
non-executive director of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行股份有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3968) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600036.SH).

Mr. Zhao graduated with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in marine engineering specialty from Harbin Engineering
University (formerly known as Harbin Shipbuilding Engineering Institute) of the PRC in July 1983. He also received a
master’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University of the PRC in May 1986, a doctor of philosophy
degree in civil engineering from the University of Houston in the United States in June 1993 and a master’s degree in
business administration from Yale School of Management in the United States in May 2000.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Huang Peng (黃鵬), aged 40, was appointed as the executive president of the Company on 10 October 2023.
He has been the chief financial officer since September 2016 and a joint company secretary of the Company since
March 2018 till 3 April 2024. He is primarily responsible for the implementation and management of new strategic
incubation business (i.e. city services, commercial operational services, Three Supplies and Property Management, real
estate agency services, asset management and other new businesses), financial management, strategic and significant
investment management of the Group at present. Mr. Huang also serves as directors and supervisors of certain members
of the Group.

Prior to joining the Group, from April 2006 to September 2009, Mr. Huang served as listing office manager and manager
of securities department in Vtron Group Co., Ltd.* (威創集團股份有限公司) (formerly known as Guangdong Vtron Video
Technologies Company Limited* (廣東威創視訊科技股份有限公司)), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
(stock code: 002308), where he was responsible for investor relations and investment management. From October 2009
to December 2015, he served in various positions including as the head of finance, secretary of the board and deputy
general manager in Pony Test Group Company Limited* (譜尼測試集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 300887), where he was responsible for financial management and board secretarial
matters. Mr. Huang served as an independent director of the board at Beijing Arrays Medical Imaging Corporation* (北京
銳視康科技發展有限公司), a company engaged in production and sales of medical imaging equipment, from December
2015 to December 2016.

Mr. Huang graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in the PRC in June 2005, where he obtained
a bachelor’s degree in transportation. He graduated from Guanghua School of Management of Peking University (北
京大學光華管理學院) in the PRC with a master’s degree in business administration in July 2012. He is currently taking
the course for Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in
the PRC. He became a PRC Certified Public Accountant (中國註冊會計師) certified by the Certified Public Accountant
Examination Committee of the Ministry of Finance (財政部註冊會計師考試委員會) in December 2014.

Mr. Xiao Hua(肖華), aged 46, was appointed as a senior management of the Company on 3 April 2024. For details of
Mr. Xiao Hua, please refer to the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management – Mr. Xiao
Hua”.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      39
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. Guo Zhanjun (郭戰軍), aged 44, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018 until his resignation
     on 3 April 2024. He has also been the vice president of CG Life Services since he joined the Group in August 2017
     and was appointed as the senior manager of the Company on 3 April 2024. Mr. Guo is primarily responsible for overall
     management of human resources and coordinating market management of the Group. Mr. Guo is also a member of the
     environmental, social and governance committee of the Company until his resignation on 3 April 2024. Mr. Guo is also a
     director of certain members of the Group.

     Prior to joining the Group, from July 2002 to September 2010, Mr. Guo held various positions including human resources
     supervisor at Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Company Limited* (鄭州宇通客車股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 600066), manager, senior manager and head of the human resources department at GD
     Midea Air-Conditioning Equipment Co., Ltd* (廣東美的製冷設備有限公司) and human resources director at AUX Group
     Co., Ltd.* (奧克斯集團有限公司), a company mainly engaged in the manufacturing and sales of electrical equipment and
     home appliances. From August 2011 to March 2013, Mr. Guo was the head of the human resources department in the
     concrete business unit of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (中聯重科股份有限公司) (formerly
     known as Changsha Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Development Co., Ltd. (長沙中聯重工科技發展
     股份有限公司)), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000157) and the Main Board of the
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 1157).

     Mr. Guo joined the CGH Group as a deputy general manager of the training and development department in July 2013
     and was promoted to human resources director of Jiangzhong region in April 2014 and general manager of the recruiting
     department in January 2016, where he was mainly responsible for human resources planning and management. From
     June 2016 to February 2017, he left the CGH Group and joined the Beijing branch office of Thaihot Group Co., Ltd.* (泰
     禾集團股份有限公司北京分公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000732), as a deputy
     general manager of the human resources department and human resources director of the Beijing region. Mr. Guo
     returned to the CGH Group as the assistant general manager of the human resources management centre in February
     2017 and was responsible for human resources planning and management until June 2017. From 17 June 2021, he has
     also been a non-executive director of Justbon Services.

     Mr. Guo graduated from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in July 2002, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree
     in environmental economic and resource management. He is currently studying a doctor of philosophy in Business
     Administration at Belhaven University.

     Mr. Chen Fenghua (陳風華), aged 44, was appointed as senior manager of the Company on 3 April and is the vice
     president and director of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company, and the chairman, executive director and
     president of Justbon Services, a subsidiary of the Company, and is primarily responsible for the overall management of
     Justbon Services. Mr. Chen also serves as a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.

     Mr. Chen has approximately 21 years of work experience in the property management industry. He joined CG Life
     Services in July 2003 and has been engaged in various types of property management projects and served as the person
     in charge of multiple projects and regions of CG Life Services. Mr. Chen was promoted to the position of vice president
     of CG Life Services in September 2018, and was responsible for the overall management of the quality of the Group’s
     property management services from September 2018 to June 2021. Mr. Chen has been responsible for the overall
     management of Justbon Services since June 2021. Mr. Chen has served as a member of the Standardization Working
     Committee of the Guangdong Property Management Industry Institute* (廣東省物業管理行業協會標準化工作委員會)
     since April 2019, a member of the Standardization Working Committee of the China Property Management Institute* (中
     國物業管理協會標準化工作委員會) since July 2019, a deputy director of the Social Life (Residential) Property Intelligent
     Service Professional Committee of the Guangdong Property Management Association* (廣東省物業管理行業協會社會生
     活（住宅）    物業智慧服務專業委員會) since December 2020. He has been a member of the property management expert
     think tank of South China University of Technology since June 2021, a vice president of the Sichuan Real Estate Industry
     Association* (四川省房地產業協會) since August 2021, a vice chairman of the Property Management Committee of the
     Sichuan Real Estate Association* (四川省房地產業協會物業管理專委會) since June 2022, and a member of the High-
     quality Development Advisory Committee of Sichuan Real Estate Industry*（四川省房地產業高品質發展諮詢委員會）
     since August 2023.


40   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
       Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Chen obtained a junior college diploma in property management from the Open University of China in July 2017.

Mr. Zhu Xinxing (朱新星), aged 41, was appointed as senior manager of the Company on 3 April 2024 and is the vice
president and director of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for the overall
management of Link Joy Holdings Group Co., Limited (“Link Joy Holdings”), a subsidiary of the Company. He also
serves as a director and/or president of a subsidiary of Link Joy Holdings and certain subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr. Zhu has approximately 22 years of work experience in the property management industry. He joined CG Life Services
in June 2002, and has been engaged in various types of property management projects and served as the person in
charge of multiple projects and regions of CG Life Services. He was responsible for the overall management of Hainan
regional business of CG Life Services from June 2017 to February 2022, the overall management of Guizhou regional
business of CG Life Services from May 2020 to September 2021, and the overall management of Hunan regional
business of CG Life Services from October 2018 to date. Mr. Zhu was promoted to the position of vice president of CG
Life Services in July 2020, and has been responsible for the overall management of Link Joy Holdings since October
2021.

Mr. Zhu graduated from Tangshan College of Science and Technology* (唐山科技專修學院) and obtained a bachelor’s
degree in economic management.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (梁創順), aged 58, was appointed as a joint company secretary on 9 March 2018. He has
been a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo (胡關李羅律師行), a law firm based in Hong Kong, since 1997.

Mr. Leung is currently the company secretary of four other companies listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, namely China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (招商局中國基金有限公司) (stock code: 0133),
China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (招商局港口控股有限公司) (stock code: 0144), Guangzhou Automobile
Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 2238) and CGH (stock code: 2007).

Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws in November
1988 and obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in laws in September 1989. He became a qualified solicitor in Hong
Kong in October 1991 and in England and Wales in November 1994, respectively. Mr. Leung has been further qualified as
a Greater Bay Area Lawyer in 2023.

Mr. Chen Dilin (陳迪霖), aged 38, was appointed as a joint company secretary on 3 April 2024. He joined the Group
in March 2024 and serves as the vice president of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Chen conducted
audit and financial due diligence when working at PricewaterhouseCoopers, and has over four and a half years of
experiences in mergers and acquisitions, listing advisory and private equity investment in certain renowned financial
institutions thereafter. Afterwards, he also gained over eight years of work experiences in capital operations, corporate
governance, and new business development in a company listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. Chen graduated from the
University of International Business and Economics of the PRC in July 2008, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree
in management. He became an affiliate member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants of the United
Kingdom in June 2008. Mr. Chen has also obtained the Chinese Legal Professional Qualification in the PRC in June
2023.

Note: In July 2023 and August 2023, Mr. Yuan Hongkai (袁鴻凱) and Mr. Li Ka Lun (李家麟), senior management, resigned as senior
      management of the Company due to personal career development reasons, and Mr. Yuan and Mr. Li no longer hold any position in the
      Group after their resignation.

* For identification purpose only




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023         41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Corporate Governance Practices
     The Group deeply understands the important role that its Board plays in providing effective leadership and guidance for
     the businesses of the Group and ensuring the transparency and accountability of the operation of the Group, and knows
     very well that sound corporate governance will lead the Group towards success and help add value to the Shareholders.
     Therefore, the Board consistently strives to maintain a high level of business ethics, a healthy corporate culture and
     sound corporate governance by formulating and implementing corporate governance policies and practices that are in
     line with the behavior and growth of the businesses of the Group. The Company has adopted the code provisions set out
     in the Corporate Governance Code of the Stock Exchange as its own code of corporate governance.

     During the Year, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the Corporate
     Governance Code.

     Compliance With the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
     Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions of the Company by its Directors
     and employees (the “Securities Dealing Code”).

     Having made specific enquiries, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code and the Securities
     Dealing Code throughout the Year. No incident of non-compliance was found by the Company during the Year. Relevant
     employees who may be in possession of inside information of the Group are also subject to compliance with written
     guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code.

     Board of Directors
     Roles and Functions of the Board and Management

     The Board supervises the business, strategic decisions, and performance of the Group and should make decisions
     objectively in the best interest of the Company.

     The Board should regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the
     Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.

     The Board assumes responsibility for leadership, supervision and control of the Company, and the members of the Board
     are collectively responsible for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The Board is fully responsible for the
     formulation of business policies and strategies in relation to the business operation of the Group, including dividend policy
     and risk management strategies. The management is delegated with the authority and responsibilities by the Board for
     the day-to-day management and operation of the Group. The management is responsible for the daily management and
     operation of the Group’s business and the implementation of business policies and strategies approved by the Board.

     Board Composition

     As at 31 December 2023, the Board comprised seven Directors, including three executive Directors (namely Mr. Xu
     Binhuai (President), Mr. Xiao Hua and Mr. Guo Zhanjun), one non-executive Director (namely Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman))
     and three independent non-executive Directors (namely Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Rui Meng and Mr. Chen Weiru).




42   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report


During the Year, the Board comprised the following Directors:

Executive Directors:                            Mr. Xu Binhuai (President) (appointed on 10 October 2023)
                                                Mr. Li Changjiang (President) (resigned on 10 October 2023)
                                                Mr. Xiao Hua
                                                Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)

Non-executive Director:                         Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)

Independent Non-executive Directors:            Mr. Mei Wenjue
                                                Mr. Rui Meng
                                                Mr. Chen Weiru

The detailed biographies of the current Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors
and Senior Management” of this annual report.

Mr. Rui Meng is an independent director of Bright Scholar. Save as disclosed above, there was no relationship among
the other members of the Board (including that between the chairman and the president), including financial, business,
family or other material/relevant relationship.

During the Year, the Company arranged for appropriate coverage of Directors’ and senior management’s liability
insurance policy to indemnify the Directors and senior management for liabilities arising from the corporate activities. The
coverage and the amount insured under such policy are reviewed annually by the Company. No legal actions were made
against any of the Directors in relation to their duties performed for the Company during the Year.

Independent Non-executive Directors
During the Year, the Board has complied with Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules in having three
independent non-executive Directors (representing one-third of the number of members of the Board). The independent
non-executive Directors, all of whom are independent of the management of the Group’s businesses, are highly
experienced professionals with substantial experience in areas such as legal, accounting or financial management.

The Company has received annual written confirmation of his independence to the Group from each independent non-
executive Director pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all the independent non-
executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are
independent persons according to the same, and that they complied with the requirement for independence under Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.

In addition to the regular Board meetings, the chairman had meetings with the independent non-executive Directors
without the presence of other Directors during the Year.

The Board has adopted effective mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.
Subject to approval of the Chairman of the Board, Directors may seek, at the Company’s expense, independent legal,
financial or other professional advice from advisors independent to those advising the Company as and when necessary
in appropriate circumstances to enable them to discharge their responsibilities effectively. The Board will review the
implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on an annual basis.

The Board considers that the above mechanisms are effective in ensuring that independent views and input are provided
to the Board.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       43
     Corporate Governance Report



     Directors’ Remuneration Policy
     According to the Remuneration Policy for Directors and Senior Management currently adopted by the Board, the
     remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management shall be recommended by the Remuneration
     Committee to the Board with reference to the remuneration packages of comparable positions in similar companies,
     business requirements, individual experience, the Directors’ performance and duties, etc., and shall be determined by
     the Board after review and adjusted on a regular basis. The policy specifies the procedures for its formulation and review,
     the principle of determining the remuneration packages of the Directors, senior management and other employees,
     and the review of the policy and its disclosure. The policy, which is available for inspection on the Company’s website
     (www.bgyfw.com), also reflects the latest requirements of the Listing Rules.

     Directors’ Continuing Professional Development
     Directors’ training is an ongoing process. All Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and courses on relevant
     topics, which may count towards continuous professional development training.

     Pursuant to code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance Code, Directors should participate in continuous
     professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to
     the Board remains informed and relevant. According to the records maintained by the Company, during the Year, all the
     then Directors, being Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Xu Binhuai, Mr. Xiao Hua, Mr. Guo Zhanjun, Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Rui Meng
     and Mr. Chen Weiru, had participated in appropriate continuous professional development activities by attending training
     sessions, reading articles, newspapers, journals and/or updates relevant to the Company’s business or to the Directors’
     duties and responsibilities and complied with the requirements of code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance
     Code.

     A summary of their training records is as follows:

                                                                                        Type of                Content of
                                                                                        Continuing             Continuing
                                                                                        Professional           Professional
         Directors                                                                      Development (Note 1)   Development (Note 2)

         Executive Directors:
         Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)                                                     1, 2                   A, B
         Mr. Xiao Hua                                                                   1, 2                   A, B
         Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)                                     1, 2                   A, B

         Non-executive Director:
         Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                                                     1, 2                   A, B

         Independent Non-executive Directors:
         Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                                 1, 2                   A, B
         Mr. Rui Meng                                                                   1, 2                   A, B
         Mr. Chen Weiru                                                                 1, 2                   A, B

     Note 1:

     1       Attending internal seminars/training sessions, lectures, symposiums or forums

     2       Reading newspapers, journals and updates

     Note 2:

     A.      Businesses relating to the Company

     B.      Laws, rules and regulations, accounting standards



44   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Corporate Governance Report



Appointment and Re-Election of Directors
Under the requirements of code provision B.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code, every Director, including those
appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Each of the
Directors is engaged on a service agreement (for executive Directors and non-executive Directors) or an appointment
letter (for independent non-executive Directors) with the Company for a term of three years. All of them are subject to
retirement and re-election in accordance with the Articles of Association.

According to the Articles of Association, (i) any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office
until the first general meeting after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting; (ii) any Director
appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting of
the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election; and (iii) at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors
for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall
retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to
retirement by rotation at an annual general meeting at least once every three years. As such, no Directors have a term of
appointment longer than three years.

Board Meetings
The Board holds at least four meetings a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Additional meetings would be arranged
if and when required. The date of each Board meeting is decided in advance to enable the Directors to attend the
meeting in person. For those Directors who are not able to attend these meetings in person, participation by telephone
conference is available.

The Board meets regularly to discuss and determine the Group’s strategies, set directions, and monitor the performance
of the Group. Notice of not less than 14 days is given to all Directors before convening all regular board meetings.
Each Director can access the advice and services of the company secretary(ies) of the Company (the “Company
Secretary(ies)”) and is invited to include any matters for discussion in the agenda of the regular meetings. Agendas and
materials for discussion in the meetings are circulated to all Directors at least three days prior to the respective date of
the meetings.

A substantial Shareholder or a Director, who has declared to have a conflict of interest in the proposed transactions or
matters to be discussed, shall not be counted in the quorum of the meeting and shall abstain from voting on the relevant
resolution, and the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution.

The Company Secretary prepares detailed minutes of each meeting. After the meeting, draft and final versions of the
minutes would be sent to all the Directors for comments and records as soon as practicable. Minutes of Board meetings
and Board committees’ meetings are kept by the Listing Company Secretariat of the Company and are open for
inspection by any Director after due notice is issued by him/her.

During the Year, the Directors have made active contribution to the affairs of the Group and eight Board meetings were
held to consider, among other things, various transactions contemplated by the Group and review and approve the
interim results and annual results of the Group.

Pursuant to Article 100(1) of the Articles of Association, a Director shall not be entitled to vote nor be counted in the
quorum on any resolution of the Board approving any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which he or any
of his close associates is materially interested.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       45
     Corporate Governance Report



     Attendance Records of the Directors
     The attendance records of the Directors at the Board meetings, the Board committees’ meetings and the general
     meetings held during the Year are set out below:

                                                                     Attended/Eligible to attend during the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                        Environmental,
                                                                                                                            Social and
                                                                              Audit Remuneration           Nomination      Governance
                                                              Board      Committee         Committee        Committee       Committee            General
      Directors                                              Meeting       Meeting            Meeting          Meeting        Meeting            Meeting


      Executive Directors:
      Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)                                  3/4   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable
        (appointed on 10 October 2023)1
      Mr. Li Changjiang (President)                               4/4   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable             1/1              1/1
        (resigned on 10 October 2023)1
      Mr. Xiao Hua                                                8/8   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable             1/1              1/1
      Mr. Guo Zhanjun                                             8/8   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable             1/1              1/1

      Non-executive Director:
      Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)2                                 7/7   Not applicable             2/2              2/2    Not applicable             1/1

      Independent Non-executive Directors:
      Mr. Mei Wenjue                                              8/8             3/3               2/2   Not applicable   Not applicable             1/1
      Mr. Rui Meng                                                8/8             3/3    Not applicable              2/2   Not applicable             1/1
      Mr. Chen Weiru                                              8/8             3/3               2/2              2/2   Not applicable             1/1

     Note:

     1.      Mr. Li Changjiang has resigned as an executive Director, president, authorized representative, chairman of the environmental, social and
             governance committee and agent for service of process in Hong Kong with effect from 10 October 2023. Mr. Xu Binhuai has assumed the
             position of executive Director and president and has been appointed as the chairman and a member of the aforesaid Board committee to
             succeed Mr. Li Changjiang with effect from 10 October 2023. Mr. Xu Binhuai was absent from the Board meeting on 18 December 2023
             due to other important commitments and the number of Board meetings he should have attended during the reporting period was four.

     2.      As Ms. Yang Huiyan is a controlling shareholder of CGH, at the Board meeting of the Group held on 29 December 2023 to consider
             certain continuing connected transactions with CGH, she abstained from voting on the resolution approving the continuing connected
             transactions in order to avoid any conflict of interest. Therefore, the number of Board meetings Ms. Yang Huiyan should have attended
             during the reporting period was seven. For details of such continuing transactions, please refer to the announcement of the Company
             dated 29 December 2023.


     Chairman and President
     Ms. Yang Huiyan is the Chairman. Mr. Xu Binhuai (appointed on 10 October 2023) and Mr. Li Changjiang (resigned on
     10 October 2023) is and was the president of the Company respectively. The roles of the Chairman and the president
     are segregated. Ms. Yang, Mr. Xu and Mr. Li are not connected in any respect. The Chairman provides leadership for
     the Board and ensures that there is clear division of responsibilities at the Board level. The president is responsible for
     overseeing the day-to-day management of the Company, supervising the businesses of the Group and ensuring that
     Board committees work smoothly and effectively.




46   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report



Board Committees
As a part of good corporate governance, the Board has set up a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration
Committee”), an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), a nomination Committee (the “Nomination Committee”),
and an environmental, social and governance committee (the “Environmental, Social and Governance Committee”)
for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each committee has its own specific delegated authorities
and operates within defined written terms of reference, which are posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange
(www.hkexnews.hk) and/or the Company (www.bgyfw.com) pursuant to the applicable code provisions set out
in the Corporate Governance Code. All the Board committees should report to the Board on their decisions or
recommendations made.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee currently comprises all four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Rui Meng, who acts as
the chairman, Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun, who was appointed on 3 April 2024.

The duties of the Audit Committee include, inter alia, reviewing and monitoring the financial reporting, risk management
and internal control systems of the Company, and assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibility over the audit;
making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor; and
monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process. The Audit
Committee should meet at least twice a year to discuss and review the financial information, the risk management and
internal control systems and relevant matters. The procedures of the Audit Committee meetings are the same as that
of the Board meetings. Terms of reference of the Audit Committee are currently available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

During the Year, the Audit Committee has reviewed the audit planning memorandums, the annual results and annual
report for the year ended 31 December 2022, the interim results and interim report for the period ended 30 June 2023,
the financial reporting and compliance procedures, connected transactions, report on entrusted financial management
status, internal control report, the remuneration of external auditor, a pre-approval policy for non-assurance services of
external auditor and other matters.

The Company’s annual results announcement and annual report for the Year have been reviewed by the Audit
Committee.

During the Year, the Audit Committee held three meetings and duly discharged the above duties. The attendance record
of each member of the Audit Committee at the meetings is listed under the section headed “Attendance Records of
the Directors” above on a named basis.

Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises Mr. Chen Weiru, an independent non-executive Director who acts as
the chairman, and two other members, namely Mr. Mei Wenjue, an independent non-executive Director, and Ms. Yang
Huiyan, a non-executive Director.

The responsibilities and authorities of the Remuneration Committee are clearly defined in its terms of reference, the
principal duties of which include, inter alia, (i) making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and
structure for the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (ii) reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration
proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; and (iii) making recommendations to the Board
on the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023       47
     Corporate Governance Report


     The Board together with the Remuneration Committee monitor the performance of the executive Directors and the senior
     management. Such division of responsibilities ensures a balance of power. The Remuneration Committee shall meet at
     any time when necessary. Terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are currently available on the websites of
     the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

     During the Year, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings and duly discharged the above duties. In particular,
     the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board on the disclosures of remuneration and services
     agreement of Directors in its 2022 Annual Report and 2023 Annual General Meeting Circular, the implementation
     under the Share Option Scheme, the emoluments of the executive Directors, president, authorised representatives, the
     chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, and agent for service of process in Hong Kong,
     and the emoluments of the executive president and Chief Strategy Officer and their service contract terms as well as
     approved the implementation. During the Year, no options were granted to the Directors and senior management of the
     Company subject to the conditions as set out in Rule 17.03F and Rules 17.06B(7) and (8) of the Listing Rules. Details of
     the emoluments of Directors paid for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the Share Option Scheme are disclosed in
     the note to the consolidated financial statements and the Report of the Directors, respectively. The attendance record of
     individual Directors at the Remuneration Committee meetings is listed under the section headed “Attendance Records
     of the Directors” above on a named basis.

     Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the Year are set out in note 39(a) to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     Details of the five individuals with the highest emoluments are set out in note 9(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

     The remuneration of the members of senior management (other than Directors) serving or served during the Year by
     band for the Year is set out below:

                                                                                                         Number of members
                                                                                                                   of senior
      RMB                                                                                                     management

      0,000,000 to 1,000,000                                                                                                    1
      1,000,001 to 3,000,000                                                                                                    2

     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee currently comprises four members, including one non-executive Director, namely Ms. Yang
     Huiyan, who acts as the chairman, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Rui Meng, Mr. Chen
     Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun, who was appointed on 3 April 2024.

     The main duties of the Nomination Committee include, inter alia, reviewing the structure, size and composition of the
     Board, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members, assessing the independence of independent
     non-executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and removal of Directors.
     Terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are currently available on the websites of the Stock Exchange
     (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

     During the Year, the Nomination Committee held two meetings and duly discharged the above duties. In particular,
     the Nomination Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board the policy on diversity of Board members
     and structure, size and composition of the Board, the independence of independent non-executive Directors, the
     arrangements for retirement and re-election of Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the nomination
     of executive Director, president, authorised representative, chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance
     Committee and agent for the service of process in Hong Kong, and the nomination of chief executive officer and chief
     strategy officer. The attendance record of individual Directors at the Nomination Committee meetings is listed under the
     section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

     The nomination policy was adopted on 20 December 2018.




48   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Corporate Governance Report


Objectives

1.   The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make
     recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings for appointment or re-appointment
     or appoint as Directors to fill casual vacancies or as an addition to the existing Board.

2.   The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than the
     number of directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual vacancies to be
     filled.

3.   The Committee should ensure that the Board members have skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
     appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

Selection Criteria

4.   The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing candidates:

     i.      Reputation for integrity

     ii.     Achievements and experience among different industries

     iii.    Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest

     iv.     Independence

     v.      Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and
             educational background, ethnicity, qualifications, professional experience, skills, knowledge, independence
             and length of service

     vi.     For proposed independent non-executive Directors who will be holding their seventh (or more) listed company
             directorship, whether the individuals would still be able to devote sufficient time to the Board (including
             whether the individuals have extensive experience in corporate governance of listed companies, are familiar
             with the management of listed companies, have close and good communication with the management
             of the Company and other independent non-executive Directors, can make the management decision of
             the Company works properly, are a chairman of the board or chief executive officer or full-time executive
             director of other listed companies, the business activity of other listed companies in which the individuals hold
             directorship, etc.)

     vii.    Other factors considered to be relevant by the Nomination Committee on a case-by-case basis, including the
             requirements and restrictions as stated in the Listing Rules

     These factors are for reference only, and are not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee
     has the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

5.   Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Nomination Committee and recommendation by the Board to
     stand for re-election at a general meeting.

6.   Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form, together
     with their written consent to be appointed as a Director and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any
     documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election as a Director.

7.   The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if considered
     necessary.


                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       49
     Corporate Governance Report


     Nomination Procedures

     8.    The secretary of the Nomination Committee or the Company Secretary shall call a meeting of the Nomination
           Committee, and invite nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for consideration by the Nomination
           Committee prior to its meeting. The Nomination Committee may also identify candidates pursuant to the criteria set
           out in this policy and put forward candidates who are not nominated by Board members.

     9.    The Nomination Committee may use any process it deems appropriate to evaluate the candidates pursuant to the
           criteria set out in this policy, which may include personal interviews, background checks, presentations or written
           submissions by the candidates and third-party references.

     10.   For filling a casual vacancy and for addition to the existing Board, the Nomination Committee shall make
           recommendations for the Board’s consideration, approval and appointment. Any Director appointed by the Board
           to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting after his appointment and be subject to
           re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
           office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.
           For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall make
           nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation to the Shareholders.

     11.   In case of election at a general meeting, until the issue of the circular to the Shareholders, the nominated persons
           shall not assume that they have been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.

     12.   In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at the general
           meeting, a circular will be sent to Shareholders. The names, brief biographies (including qualifications and relevant
           experience), independence, proposed remuneration and any other information, as required pursuant to the
           applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the Listing Rules), of the proposed candidates will be included in
           the circular to the Shareholders. In addition, where a new Director is appointed or re-designated, the Company will
           announce the change as soon as practicable and include details of the relevant Director as required pursuant to
           the Listing Rules.

     13.   The Shareholders may propose a person for election as a Director, details of which are set out in the “Procedures
           for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director” of the Company. A Shareholder can serve a
           notice at the registered office, head office or the registration office (such place as the Board may from time to
           time determine to keep a branch register of members and where (except the Board otherwise directs) the transfer
           or other documents of title are to be lodged for registration and are to be registered) of the Company within the
           lodgment period of its intention to propose a resolution to elect certain person(s) other than those candidates set
           out in the Shareholder circular as a Director, without the Board’s recommendation or the Nomination Committee’s
           nomination. The particulars of the candidates so proposed will be sent to all Shareholders for information by a
           supplementary circular.

     14.   A candidate is allowed to withdraw his candidature at any time before the general meeting by serving a notice in
           writing to the Company Secretary.

     15.   The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for
           election at any general meeting. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests with the
           entire Board.

     16.   The Company will disclose this nomination policy in the Company’s corporate governance report and/or by other
           means in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

     17.   The progress made towards achieving the objective set in this nomination policy will be disclosed in the Company’s
           corporate governance report annually and/or by other means in accordance with the requirements of the Listing
           Rules.



50   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Corporate Governance Report


Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee was established in August 2020 with written terms of reference.
The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee currently comprises five members, including two executive
Directors, namely Mr. Xu Binhuai (acting as the chairman), and Mr. Xiao Hua; one non-executive Director, namely Ms.
Yang Huiyan (appointed on 3 April 2024); and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chen Weiru and
Mr. Zhao Jun (both appointed on 3 April 2024). The duties of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
include, inter alia, (a) formulating and reviewing the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) responsibilities, visions,
strategies, framework, principles and policies of the Group, strengthening the materiality assessment and reporting
process to ensure and implement continuous execution and implementation of the past ESG policies passed by the
Board; (b) supervising and reviewing the work of the Group’s ESG working group and evaluating the Group’s ESG
performance, and reporting to the Board; (c) supervising the assessment of the environmental and social impact of the
Group’s business and making recommendations to the Board, etc.

During the Year, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held one meeting and duly discharged the above
duties. The attendance record of individual Directors at the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee meetings is
listed under the section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

Corporate Governance Function

As no corporate governance committee has been established, the Board is responsible for, among other things,
formulating and reviewing the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Group and make recommendations,
reviewing and monitoring the policies and practices on the Group’s compliance of legal and regulatory requirements,
reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management,
and reviewing the Group’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and the disclosures in the annual report.
This corporate governance report has been reviewed by the Board in discharge of its corporate governance function.

Summary of the Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) setting out the objectives and the
factors to be considered for achieving the diversity of the Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of
having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy
and competence, and the candidates will be considered against certain objective criteria such as gender, age, cultural
and educational background, ethnicity, professional qualifications, experience, skills, knowledge and length of services,
etc. The Board, through the Nomination Committee, monitors and reviews (if appropriate) the implementation and
effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis.

The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity taking into account of a number of factors, including but not limited to,
educational background, gender, age, skills and knowledge. The ultimate selection decision will be based on merits of
the candidates and contribution to the Board.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       51
     Corporate Governance Report


     As at 31 December 2023, an analysis of the Board composition based on the range of diversity perspectives is set out as
     follows:

                Educational background (highest)                                           Gender


                              14%     14%
                                                                                        14%


                          29%
                                                                                                      86%
                                          43%




                Bachelor’s Degree           Master’s Degree                               Male          Female
                Doctorate Degree            Others

                       Skills and knowledge                                                   Age
                5                                                            4

                4
                                                                             3

                3
                                                                             2
                2

                                                                             1
                1


                0                                                            0
                            Number of persons                                            Number of persons


           Business Administration and          Human Resource                           35–40         41–45
           Strategic Management                 Management
           Property Management                                                           46–50         51–60

     Each of the Board members possesses different skills and knowledge, including development strategy and marketing
     management, human resource management, property management, financial management, etc. The Board is
     characterized by significant diversity in terms of gender, age, education, skills and knowledge.

     The current Board comprises six male members and one female member. The Board targets to maintain at least the
     current level of female representation, with the ultimate goal of achieving gender parity. The Board is mindful of the
     factors for assessing the candidacy of the Board members, and will ensure that any successors to the Board shall
     follow the Board Diversity Policy. Similar considerations shall also be in place to assess the candidacy of the senior
     management team from time to time. The Board will, by inviting existing Directors to recommend suitable candidates,
     engaging independent professional search firm(s) to help identify potential candidates for independent non-executive
     Directors, and other means, continue to take opportunities to increase the proportion of female members as and when
     suitable candidates are identified in the future. The Company is determined to enhance the diversity of the Board to
     achieve gender equality in respect of the gender ratio. For the diversity of succession plan, the Board will also take the
     gender diversity of successors into consideration. The Company expects the above is achievable with suitable effort in
     promoting gender diversity.




52   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Corporate Governance Report


While the current senior management of the Company comprises all male members, viewing from the Company’s
perspective as a whole, as at 31 December 2023, the Company has 213,712 employees in total comprising of
approximately 93,885 females and 119,827 males (a male-to-female ratio of 14:11), achieving balanced gender diversity
in general and reflecting a gender equality principle generally adhered by the Company. The Group strives to form a
diversified and inclusion work environment and values the representation of female members among senior management.
The percentage of female members in the core senior management team of CG Life Services, an entity operating by the
Group in PRC, was 35%, leveraging “she-power” in the workplace. The Company is mindful of the objectives as set out
in the diversity policy when assessing the candidacy of the employees, and will ensure that the Company shall continue
to follow the policy.

Directors’ Responsibility on the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the Year
in accordance with the legal requirements and applicable accounting standards.

The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of annual reports and other
disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The management has provided necessary
explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the financial information and
financial position of the Group to be presented to the Board for approval.

There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern.

Deed of Non-Competition
Ms. Yang Huiyan, the ultimate controlling Shareholder of the Company, has entered into the Deed of Non-Competition
dated 29 May 2018 in favour of the Company to the effect that she will not, and will procure her respective close associates
(except the CGH Group) not to, directly or indirectly participate in, or hold any right or interest in, or otherwise be involved
in any business which may be in competition with the business of the Group. Further details are set out in the section
titled “Deed of Non-Competition” in the prospectus of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

The Company has received the written confirmation from Ms. Yang Huiyan in respect of her compliance with the Deed
of Non-Competition for the Year. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance with and
enforcement of the Deed of Non-Competition by Ms. Yang for the Year.

Risk Management and Internal Control
Duties of the Board and the Management

The Board is solely responsible for maintaining sound and effective risk management and internal control systems to
safeguard the Company’s assets and the Shareholders’ interests. The Board deeply understands the key role of the
Company’s risk management and internal control systems in its risk management and ongoing compliance with laws and
regulations. The Company is aware of the duties of the Board and the management in the risk management and internal
control systems:

•     The Board shall be responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks (including ESG
      risks) that the Company is willing to take when achieving the strategic objectives. It shall ensure that the Company
      establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems, oversees the
      management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management system and conduct a review
      on an annual basis.

•     The management shall be responsible for designing, implementing and supervising the risk management and
      internal control systems, and confirming the effectiveness of risk management and internal control with the Board.


                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        53
     Corporate Governance Report


     Such risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
     achieve the business objectives and to only provide reasonable rather than absolute assurance that there will be no
     material misstatement or loss.

     Risk Management

     1.    Risk Management System Construction:

           CG Services set up the top-down bottom-up risk management infrastructure at the group level in the previous year,
           defined risk management procedures and adopted an active and structured approach to facilitate improvement of
           its internal risk management culture. During the Year, based on the work achieved in previous years, the Company
           has continuously improved the risk management system structure and guided the implementation of risk assessment
           for the whole Company and ongoing risk monitoring activities through the following work:

           1)    Update and improve the risk management organizational structure: improve a risk management
                 organizational structure (see diagram 1: Risk Management Organizational Structure) covering the decision-
                 making level (the Board, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Committee), the supervisory
                 level (the Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department) and the executive level (the senior management
                 and the management of each functional center under the headquarters/subsidiaries) based on the latest
                 organizational structure of the Company, has segregated risk management responsibilities to define the risk
                 management responsibilities and risk information reporting routes for management and various functional
                 departments. Among which, the Board, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Committee will
                 monitor, identify and assess risks at company level using a top-down approach, while the functional centers
                 at headquarters and subsidiaries will identify, manage and report risks at operational level using a bottom-up
                 approach.


                                                                                                         Board of Directors

                                                                                        Decision-         Audit Committee
                                                                                       making body
                                                                                                         Risk Management
                                                                                                             Committee
                                                                                                                                         Monitoring
                                                                                  Execution body                                           body




                     Top-down approach   Bottom-up approach        Headquarters
                                                                                   Senior management of the Group
                                                                                                                              Risk Control, Audit
                                                                                                                               and Supervision
                                                                                                                                  Department
                                                                                     The heads of the 14 centers and
                                                                                      business divisions of the Group



                                                                                         The heads of the regional/


                                                                   Regions
                                                                                           invested companies


                                                                                  The heads of each business department
                                                                                    of the regional/invested companies




                                                              (Diagram 1: Risk Management Organizational Structure)




54   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Corporate Governance Report


The primary roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:

               Roles                                         Major responsibilities


                                    •     To evaluate and determine the nature and extent of the risks
                                          (including ESG risks) that the Company is willing to take when
                                          achieving the strategic objectives
             The Board
                                    •     To ensure that the effective risk management and internal control
      (decision-making body)
                                          systems are established and maintained
                                    •     To oversee management in the design, implementation and
                                          monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems

                                    •     To review and formulate the framework of risk management
                                    •     To review and assess the framework of the Company’s risk
                                          management on a regular basis
                                    •     To continuously monitor the scope of work of the risk management
                                          system and the work of other assurance providers
       The Audit Committee          •     To monitor the frequency of major control failures or weak points,
      (decision-making body)              the extent of unforeseen consequences or emergencies resulted
                                          therefrom, and the material impact that has caused, may have
                                          caused or will cause on the financial performance or condition of
                                          the Company
                                    •     To report any material risk management matters and recommend
                                          solutions to the Board

                                    •     The Risk Management Committee is the organization for risk
       The Risk Management
                                          management. It is responsible for risk management of the
             Committee
                                          Company, and reports the Company’s risk assessment results to
      (decision-making body)
                                          the Audit Committee

                                    •     To make risk assessment on a regular basis according to the
                                          Company’s strategy, in order to formulate risk management
      The senior management               measures
        at each headquarter         •     To design, implement and monitor the risk management and
          (execution body)                internal control systems
                                    •     To confirm the effectiveness of risk management and internal
                                          control systems with the Board

                                    •     To formulate and implement the risk response solutions for the
        The management of                 respective business
       the headquarters and         •     To promote and implement specific risk management measures
          its subsidiaries          •     To control various risks of the respective business and report risk
         (execution body)                 information to the senior management at headquarters in a timely
                                          manner




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      55
     Corporate Governance Report



                                 Roles                                          Major responsibilities


                                                        •   To coordinate and promote the establishment of the risk
                                                            management system
                       Risk Control, Audit and
                                                        •   To coordinate and promote the implementation of risk assessments
                       Supervision Department
                                                            in each business center
                         (supervisory body)
                                                        •   To supervise over the implementation of risk response and
                                                            monitoring in each business center

                                                        •   To work with the management of the headquarters and its
                                                            subsidiaries, and to assist the Audit and Supervision Department
                    Risk management coordination
                                                            to promote the establishment of the risk management system
                         position at each center
                                                        •   To assist the promotion of risk assessments in each business
                         of the headquarters
                                                            center
                           (execution body)
                                                        •   To assist the supervision of the risk response and monitoring in
                                                            each business center


           2)    Update risk assessment criteria: during the Year, based on changes in both internal and external
                 environment, and taking into account the Company’s business nature and operational features, strategic
                 goals as well as risk preference of the management, the Company has updated the risk assessment
                 criteria which are applicable to the Company, including (finance, operation, regulation etc.) qualitative and
                 quantitative considerations. During the risk assessment process, the Company will systematically streamline,
                 assess and sort the risks that are most likely to affect the achievement of corporate objectives through the
                 use of jointly identified assessment methods and criteria and by measuring the possibility of risk occurrence
                 and the impact level of risks. The risks assessed during the Year included not limited to those risks associated
                 with the strategies, market, operation, finance, laws, and ESG.

           3)    Clarify and standardize a risk management process: to establish a risk management process that
                 includes the main steps of risk identification, risk assessment and response, risk assessment and risk
                 tracking (see diagram 2: main steps of the risk management process) and form a closed loop to continuously
                 monitor and manage risks (including ESG risks). Specifically, it includes, based on the business objectives of
                 the Company, identifying the risk factors that affect the achievement of such business objectives and assessing
                 the possibility and potential impact of each specific risk; streamlining and recording the existing specific risk
                 response measures; and continuously monitoring and assessing the changes in risks and adjusting response
                 measures in a timely manner. During the Year, the Company has reviewed, adjusted and improved the risk
                 management process, and also enhanced the efficiency and standardization of its operation.




56   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report




                                      Risk analysis
          Risk identification                                  Risk assessment              Risk tracking
                                      and response

                 ¾ Risk                                               ¾ Risk review
          1         identification   2      ¾ Risk             3                          4      ¾ Risk
                                               assessment             ¾ Risk reporting              management



                              (Diagram 2: main steps of the risk management process)

     4)   Update the risk management information database: The Company has, based on changes in the
          internal and external environments and business development, collated and compiled information on various
          types of risks that may affect the Company’s achievement of its goals and updated the Company’s risk
          management information database in order to improve the accuracy and applicability of risk identification,
          and assess the effectiveness of previous risk control measures.

     5)   Determine the frequency of risk management review: to determine the frequency of the risk assessment
          and reporting of the Company (at least once a year), and to standardize the form and frequency of the report
          with above key elements through the Risk Management System Standards of CG Services Group (《碧桂園
          服務集團風險管理體系標準》).

2.   Implementation of corporate risk assessment in 2023

     During the Year, based on the established risk management system above, the management has continued to
     strengthen its risk management with the assistance of external advisory bodies.

     In 2023, based on the development keynote of “Strengthening the Foundation for a Stable and Promising Future”,
     the management has updated the risk assessment criteria and risk database of the Year, taking into account the
     Company’s external regulatory requirements and market conditions, changes of internal business environment,
     business development and the risk preference of the management. In addition, the management has adopted
     qualitative and quantitative assessment methods to review the changes in the nature and extent of major risks that
     the Company is exposed to, analyzed and ranked the identified risks in accordance with the possibility and degree
     of impact of such risks, combined risk tolerance abilities, weighed the risks and benefits, identified concerns and
     major risks that require monitoring first, streamlined the current condition of risk control and subsequent response
     measures and improvement plans.

     The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, has reviewed and assessed the changes in the nature and extent
     of major risks (including ESG risks), and completed the review of risk management system which was considered
     by it to be effective and adequate. The management will report the control situation of major risks to the Audit
     Committee through submitting a formal report each half year.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023       57
     Corporate Governance Report


     Internal Control

     CG Services has established an internal control system applicable to the Company by reference to the internal control
     management framework issued by COSO (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission). The
     control system includes a mature organization structure that clearly defines the powers and responsibilities of each
     department to protect assets from improper use, maintain proper accounts and ensure compliance with the rules.

     As an important part of risk management, the Company’s internal control system is established on the basis of various
     risks which the Company is exposed to. The management at the headquarters, regional subsidiaries and its various
     departments has designed and implemented a series of policies and programs for the process related to finance,
     operation and compliance, and has monitored the implementation and effects of such policies and programs.

     In 2023, the management conducted an internal control review and internal audit on key business processes and
     operation of our subordinate regions and invested companies, and formulated improvement plans to address the gaps
     and weaknesses identified in the process. The internal auditing function of the Company has also conducted follow-up
     reviews periodically to ensure remedial actions being taken on a timely basis, and it has reported the results of follow-up
     reviews to the Audit Committee.

     Anti-Corruption System

     CG Services adopts zero tolerance for corruption and is determined to combat any form of corruption, bribery, extortion,
     deception and money laundering. The Group has set up an audit and monitoring function, which is responsible for the
     overall co-ordination and implementation of the Company’s anti-corruption efforts. It is also responsible for conducting
     investigations into reported leads and guiding the Group’s headquarters and subordinate units in their integrity promotion
     work.

     The Group’s internal disciplinary rules on the Company’s red line and clean business practices were promoted to all
     employees (including new recruits) through daily meetings, specialised training, online courses, etc. During the Year,
     the Company held an integrity culture festival, at which the Company promoted the culture of integrity by facilitating
     employees to sign the undertaking letter of interest conflicts and the undertaking letter of integrity, and hold the
     knowledge competition on integrity culture and select the “Integrity Characters”, etc., thereby enhancing employees’
     awareness of integrity and moral quality and creating a corporate culture of integrity, fairness and transparency.

     In addition, the Group has adopted and approved the amendments to the Supervision and Management System and
     the Measure for Whistleblower Protection and Management in 2023, as the anti-corruption policy and whistle-blowing
     policy of the Group, which stipulate the confidentiality and avoidance requirements of the personnel who handle the
     cases, emphasise on the management of the protection of whistleblowers’ privacy, and strengthen the mechanism of
     confidentiality constraints.




58   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report


Summary of the Effectiveness of Review of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

During the Year, the Board, through the Audit Committee, has conducted a comprehensive review of the risk
management and internal control systems of the Company, including major risk assessment and internal control review
of key business processes in the Year. The period of this review covered the fiscal year of 2023 with the scope covering
the Company’s main business and all of the important control aspects, including financial monitoring, operational
monitoring and compliance monitoring, and took into account changes in the nature and severity of major risks (including
ESG risks), as well as the Company’s ability to respond to changes in its business and external environment. The Board
considers that the Company has complied with the risk management and internal control provisions set out in the Code
of Corporate Governance and that the risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate.

The Board has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experiences of accounting, internal audit, financing
reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting and the training
programs for staff and the relevant budget, and the processes for relevant financial reporting and compliance with Listing
Rules, and considered them effective and adequate.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has implemented procedures and internal controls for the handling
and dissemination of inside information. In particular, the Group:

•    has conducted its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the Listing Rules as well as the
     “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” published by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012;

•    has established its own disclosure obligation procedures, which set out the procedures and controls for the
     assessment of potential inside information and the handling and dissemination of inside information. The procedures
     have been communicated to the senior management and staff of the Company, and their implementation was
     monitored by the Company; and

•    has made broad, non-exclusive disclosure of information to the public through channels such as financial reports,
     public announcements and its website.

Joint Company Secretaries
As at 31 December 2023, the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company were Mr. Huang Peng, the executive president
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor and an external service
provider. They have complied with the relevant professional training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by
taking not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Year.

The primary contact person of the Company with Mr. Leung is Ms. Zhang Lin, the head of the listing company secretariat
of the Company.

Mr. Huang Peng resigned from his position as the Joint Company Secretary with effect from 3 April 2024 in order to
devote more time on his duties as the executive president and chief financial officer of the Company. Following Mr.
Huang’s ceasing to serve as the Joint Company Secretary, Mr. Chen Dilin has been appointed as the Joint Company
Secretary with effect from 3 April 2024.

In relation to the appointment of Mr. Chen as the Joint Company Secretary, the Company has applied to the Stock
Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements under Rules
3.28 and 8.17 of the Listing Rules for a period of three years from the effective date of Mr. Chen’s appointment as a
Joint Company Secretary on the grounds that the Company will continue to engage Mr. Leung, the other current Joint
Company Secretary who possesses the relevant professional qualifications of company secretary required under Rules
3.28 and 8.17 of the Listing Rules, to provide assistance and guidance to Mr. Chen in discharging his duties as one of
the Joint Company Secretary. For details of the appointment, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 3
April 2024.


                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023       59
     Corporate Governance Report



     External Auditor and Auditor’s Remuneration
     The statement of the external auditor of the Company regarding its reporting responsibilities on the Company’s financial
     statements for the Year is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this annual report.

     The fees paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers, the Company’s auditor, in respect of audit services and non-audit services for
     the Year are analyzed below:

                                                                                                                    Amount
      Types of services provided by the external auditor                                                          (RMB’000)


      – 2023 interim financial report
        Professional review service                                                                                     3,400
      – 2023 annual financial statements
        Professional audit service                                                                                     10,450
      – Non-audit services                                                                                              1,140
        – Tax compliance consulting service                                                                               450
        – Corporate governance consulting service                                                                         394
        – ESG consulting service                                                                                          296


      Total:                                                                                                           14,990

     There was no change of auditor by the Company in the last three financial years.

     Constitutional Documents
     During the Year, the adoption of the new Memorandum and Articles of Association was approved by the Shareholders
     at the general meeting held on 25 May 2023, the latest versions of which are available on the Company’s website
     (www.bgyfw.com) and the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).

     Dividend Policy
     Pursuant to the Articles of Association and Dividend Policy, dividends may be declared and paid out of the profits of the
     Company, realised or unrealised, or from any reserves set aside from profits which the Directors determine is no longer
     required. Dividends may also be declared and paid out of the share premium account or any other fund or account which
     is authorised for this purpose in accordance with the Cayman Islands Companies Act. Any declaration of dividends,
     however, is subject to the Company’s results of operations, working capital and cash position, future business and
     earnings, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, if any, as well as any other factors which the Board may consider
     relevant.

     In addition, any declaration and payment as well as the amount of the dividends will be subject to the provisions of (i)
     the Articles of Association, which require any final dividends to be approved by Shareholders at a general meeting, and
     (ii) the Cayman Islands Companies Act, which provides that dividends may be paid out of sums standing to the credit of
     its share premium account provided that immediately following the payment of dividend, the Company shall be able to
     pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Under the applicable PRC law, each of the Company’s
     subsidiaries in the PRC may only distribute after-tax profits after it has made allocations or allowances for recovery of
     accumulated losses and allocations to the statutory reserves.

     The final dividends for any financial year shall be subject to the approval of the Shareholders, while interim dividends
     and special dividends shall be subject to the approval of the Board at its discretion. The Company may declare and pay
     dividends in cash or by way of issuance of Shares as scrip dividends or other ways which may be deemed appropriate
     by the Board in accordance with the Articles of Association and all applicable laws and regulations.

60   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report



Communication with Shareholders and Investors
Communication with Shareholders

The Group recognizes the importance of transparent and timely disclosure of corporate information, which enables
Shareholders and investors to make the best investment decision. The Company believes that effective communication
with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’ understanding of the Group’s business
performance and strategies. The Company has adopted a Shareholders Communication Policy effective from July
2020, and has revised the policy on 29 December 2022, which sets out the Company’s commitment of maintaining an
effective ongoing dialogue with Shareholders. In summary, the Company establishes different communication channels
with Shareholders and stakeholders including: (i) provision of printed or electronic copies of corporate communications;
(ii) provision of timely corporate information on the Company’s website; (iii) holding of annual general meetings to provide
platform for Shareholders to raise comments and exchange views with the Board; and (iv) arrangement in serving the
Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters. During the Year, the Board has reviewed the implementation and
effectiveness of the Shareholder’s Communication Policy, including the existing shareholder communication channels
and measures for handling shareholders’ enquiries, considered that the policy had been properly implemented and
remained effective. The Board considered that it remained effective in enhancing timely, transparent, accurate and open
communication between the Company and the Shareholders. The policy is available at the Company’s website (www.
bgyfw.com). The Board will review annually the implementation and effectiveness of the said policy.

The Company maintains a website (www.bgyfw.com) with an “Investor Relations” column where information of the
Group’s businesses and projects, key corporate governance policies and announcements, financial reports and other
information are available for public access. The Shareholders and investors may send written enquiries or requests to the
Company as follows.

Telephone: +86 757 2991 7238
Facsimile: 0757-2633 6002
Email: irps@bgyfw.com

General Meeting

General meetings serve as a communication platform where the Board can maintain a face-to-face dialogue with the
Shareholders and investors. Notice of general meetings together with the circular and other documents will be sent to the
Shareholders at least 21 clear days before the annual general meeting; and at least 14 clear days before the extraordinary
general meetings.

The Company holds an annual general meeting every year and may hold a general meeting known as an extraordinary
general meeting whenever necessary. The chairman of the respective Board committees, independent non-executive
Directors, the Company Secretaries and other external professionals will be present at the general meetings timely to
answer questions raised by the Shareholders and investors at the meeting.

Shareholders’ Rights
To safeguard the Shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions will be proposed at Shareholders’ meetings
on each substantial issue, including the election of individual Directors, for Shareholders’ consideration and voting. The
Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or put forward proposals at Shareholders’ meetings as
follows:




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       61
     Corporate Governance Report


     Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting at the Request of Shareholders

     The Board may whenever it thinks fit call an extraordinary general meeting. Any one or more Shareholder(s) holding on
     the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right
     of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or
     the Company Secretary, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of
     any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such
     requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s)
     himself/herself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as
     a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

     Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings by Shareholders

     According to the Cayman Islands Companies Act, there are no provisions on the procedures for putting forward
     proposals at general meetings by the Shareholders. According to the Articles of Association, there are no provisions on
     the procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings by the Shareholders, except for the proposal which
     may be put forward by the Shareholders at a general meeting for electing Directors to nominate individuals to participate
     in the election of Directors. The Shareholders who wish to put forward a resolution may request the Company to convene
     a general meeting following the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.

     Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board

     The Company has established various and different communication channels with its Shareholders, which include
     general meetings, annual and interim results, annual reports and interim reports, notices, announcements and circulars.
     In addition, the Company updates its website from time to time to keep the Shareholders updated of the Company’s
     recent development.

     The Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing, the contact details of which
     are contained on the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com).

     For the avoidance of doubt, the Shareholder(s) must provide his/her/their full name(s), contact details and identifications
     in the originally signed written requisition, notice or statement (as the case may be), in order to give effect thereto.
     Information of the Shareholder(s) may be disclosed as required by law.

     An up-to-date version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and
     the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk). The Shareholders may refer to the Articles of Association for further details of
     the rights of Shareholders.

     All resolutions put forward at the general meetings shall be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and the Articles
     of Association. The poll voting results will be posted on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and the Stock
     Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) after each of general meetings.

     Purpose, Values, Strategy and Culture
     The core purpose of the Company is to create value for its Shareholders. It strives to become the global leading pioneer
     in the property management industry that is trusted by its consumers, and a place where its employee are proud to
     work for. Its mission is to lead the development of the industry and set the industry benchmarks. In this connection,
     it endeavors to maintain accountability to its employees, consumers, Shareholders, the society, and the environment.
     These purpose and value shape the Company’s strategy, which are geared towards building a trusted and beloved
     property management enterprise whereby values for the Shareholders are created.

     The Company’s purpose, values, and strategy form the cornerstone of the Company’s corporate culture. Its corporate
     culture is centered on adherence to high ethical standards and practices, and striving for sustainable development.


62   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Board is pleased to present the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2023.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company and a leading integrated service provider in the PRC covering diversified
business forms. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged in property management services, community value-added
services, value-added services to non-property owners, the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, city
services and commercial operational services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2023
by principal activities is set out in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income on page 106.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 is set out below:

                                                                                                     Page No. of this
                                                         Section(s) in this Annual Report             Annual Report


 a.     Fair review of the Company’s business            Management Discussion and Analysis                  16 to 35
 b.     Description of the principal risks and           Management Discussion and Analysis                  16 to 35
        uncertainties facing the Company
 c.     Particulars of important events affecting the    Report of the Directors                                  79
        Company that have occurred following the
        end of the year ended 31 December 2023
 d.     Indication of likely future development in the   Chairman’s Statement and Management             12 to 14 and
        Company’s business                               Discussion and Analysis                             16 to 35
 e.     Analysis using key financial performance         Financial Summary and Management                     15 and
        indicators                                       Discussion and Analysis                             16 to 35
 f.     Discussion on the Company’s environmental        The Company’s environmental policies and      Not applicable
        policies and performance                         performance are set out in the “Country
                                                         Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance
                                                         Report 2023” (a standalone report) which
                                                         will be published simultaneously with the
                                                         annual report of the Company
 g.     An account of the Company’s key                  Management Discussion and Analysis and          16 to 35 and
        relationships with its employees, customers      Report of the Directors                             63 to 99
        and suppliers and others that have a
        significant impact on the Company and on
        which the Company’s success depends
 h.     Discussion on the Company’s compliance           Corporate Governance Report and Report          16 to 35 and
        with the relevant laws and regulations that      of the Directors                                    63 to 99
        have a significant impact on the Company




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     63
     Report of the Directors



     FINAL DIVIDEND AND SPECIAL DIVIDEND
     The Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB2.19 cents (2022: RMB14.40 cents per Share) per
     Share for the year ended 31 December 2023 and a special dividend of RMB27.27 cents (2022: RMB22.81 cents per
     Share) per Share in the form of cash to the Eligible Shareholders as a token of appreciation to all Shareholders for their
     continuous support to and trust in the Company.

     The proposed final dividend and special dividend shall be declared in RMB and paid in HKD. The final dividend and
     special dividend paid in HKD will be calculated based on the average middle rate of RMB against HKD as announced
     by the People’s Bank of China from Wednesday, 12 June 2024 to Tuesday, 18 June 2024. It is expected that the final
     dividend warrants and special dividend warrants will be despatched to the Eligible Shareholders on or around Monday,
     30 September 2024 at their own risk.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of the issued Shares and the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December
     2023 are set out in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023 are
     set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     Details of the movements in intangible assets of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in note
     17 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     BORROWINGS
     Details of the borrowings of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in note 33 to the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     EQUITY LINKED AGREEMENT
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Scheme” and the paragraphs of “Acquisition of Shares of
     Everjoy Services Company Limited” under the section headed “Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 14.36b of the Listing
     Rules”, no equity linked agreements were entered into by the Company as at the end of or at any time during the year
     ended 31 December 2023.

     DONATIONS
     The total donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to approximately
     RMB2,107,000 (2022: approximately RMB3,910,000).




64   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”,
“Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
of the Company and its Associated Corporations” and “Share Option Scheme”, none of the Company, any of its
subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or holding companies was a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company as at the end of or at any time during
the year ended 31 December 2023.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 December 2023, the distributable reserves of the Company amounted to approximately RMB3,347,096,000
(2022: approximately RMB3,390,478,000). Details of the movements in reserves of the Company during the year ended
31 December 2023 are set out in note 38 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

DETAILS OF FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
PURCHASING CAPITAL ASSETS OF THE GROUP AND THEIR EXPECTED
SOURCES OF FUNDING IN THE COMING YEAR
The Group will plan for material investments according to its strategic objectives and business requirements.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A financial summary of the Group is set out on page 15 of this annual report.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the percentage of purchases attributable to the five largest suppliers combined
of the Group, and the percentage of revenue from sales of goods or rendering of services attributable to the five largest
customers combined of the Group are both below 30%.

DIRECTORS’ AND SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SUPPLIERS AND
CUSTOMERS OF THE GROUP
As at 31 December 2023, Ms. Yang Huiyan, our ultimate controlling shareholder, the chairman of the Board and a
non-executive Director, owned a total of 51.94% interest in CGH. The CGH Group is one of the Group’s five largest
customers.

Save as disclosed, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any direct or
indirect interests in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023     65
     Report of the Directors



     CHANGES OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS
     Changes in Directors’ other major offices which are required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
     are set out below.

     Mr. Chen Weiru, Independent Non-executive Director

     In May 2023, Mr. Chen ceased to be an independent director of the board at WPG Holdings Limited (大聯大控股股份有
     限公司, formerly known as 大聯大投資控股股份有限公司), a company listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code:
     3702).

     In November 2023, Mr. Chen ceased to be an independent director of the board at Dian Diagnostics Group Co., Ltd. (迪
     安診斷技術集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300244).

     In November 2023, Mr. Chen was appointed as an independent director of the board at Opple Lighting Co., Ltd. (歐普照
     明股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603515).

     Mr. Rui Meng, Independent Non-executive Director

     In June 2023, Mr. Rui ceased to be an independent director of the board at Shang Gong Group Co., Ltd. (上工申貝（集團）
     股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600843).

     In June 2023, Mr. Rui ceased to be an independent director of the board at Shanghai Hydee Software Corp., Ltd. (上海
     海典軟件股份有限公司), a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 831317).

     In February 2023, Mr. Rui was appointed as an independent director of Bright Scholar, a company listed on the New
     York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU).

     During the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, save as disclosed above, there is no
     other information that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report are as follows:

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Xu Binhuai (President) (appointed on 10 October 2023)
     Mr. Li Changjiang (President) (resigned on 10 October 2023)
     Mr. Xiao Hua
     Mr. Guo Zhanjun

     Non-executive Director
     Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Mei Wenjue
     Mr. Rui Meng
     Mr. Chen Weiru




66   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Report of the Directors


On 10 October 2023, Mr. Li Changjiang resigned from his position as an executive Director, the president, the authorised
representative, the chairman of the ESG committee and the agent for the service of process in Hong Kong of the
Company in order to devote more time to his family, children’s education and other personal affairs. On the same day,
Mr. Xu Binhuai has been appointed as an executive Director, the president, the authorized representative, the chairman
of the ESG committee and the agent for service of process in Hong Kong of the Company. He has signed the Declaration
and Undertaking with regard to Directors (Form B) in accordance with the then applicable Listing Rules and confirmed
that he understood his obligations as a Director of the Company.

In accordance with article 83(3) and article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, Mr. Xu Binhuai, Mr. Xiao Hua and Mr. Mei
Wenjue shall retire from office and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the 2024 AGM.

INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive
Directors to be independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE AGREEMENTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT
On 10 October 2023, Mr. Xu Binhuai entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years
commencing on 10 October 2023.

As at the date of this report, save as disclosed above, each of other executive Directors and non-executive Directors
has entered into a service agreement with the Company to renew his/her term of office, and each of independent non-
executive Directors has renewed his letter of appointment with the Company, for a term of three years commencing on
19 June 2021, which are renewable and subject to termination under certain circumstances specified in the relevant
service agreement and letter of appointment.

There was no service agreement or letter of appointment between the Directors proposed to be re-elected at the
2024 AGM and the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”, no
other transaction, arrangement or contract that is significant in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had, directly or indirectly,
a material interest subsisted at any time during the year ended 31 December 2023.

MATERIAL CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”,
there was no material contract entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and its controlling
shareholders, and there was no material contract involving the provision of services by the controlling shareholders or any
of its subsidiaries to the Company or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the year ended 31 December 2023.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts, other than the service contracts with the Directors and employment contracts, concerning the
management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into
or subsisted during the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       67
     Report of the Directors



     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ASSOCIATES IN COMPETING
     BUSINESS
     During the year ended 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or any of their respective associates (as defined in the
     Listing Rules) was considered to be interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or
     indirectly, with the business of the Group, which was required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
     On 29 May 2018, Ms. Yang Huiyan, the controlling shareholder of the Company, entered into the Deed of Non-
     competition in favour of the Company.

     Ms. Yang Huiyan has undertaken in the Deed of Non-competition that she will not, and will procure her close associates
     (as defined under the Listing Rules and excluding the CGH Group) not to directly or indirectly be involved in or undertake
     any business (other than the Group’s business) that directly or indirectly competes, or may compete, with the Group’s
     business, which includes providing property management services, community value-added services, value-added
     services to non-property owners, and other services forming an integrated service offering to the customers and covering
     the entire value chain of property management (collectively referred to as the “Restricted Activities”), or hold shares or
     interest in any companies or business that compete directly or indirectly with the business engaged by the Group from
     time to time except where the controlling shareholders and their close associates hold less than 5% of the total issued
     share capital of any company (whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange) which is
     engaged in any business that is or may be in competition with any business engaged by any member of the Group and
     they do not control 10% or more of the composition of the board of directors of such company.

     For details of the Deed of Non-competition stated above, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with our
     Controlling Shareholders” in the prospectus of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     Ms. Yang Huiyan, the controlling shareholder of the Company, has provided the Company with a written confirmation
     dated 18 March 2024, in which Ms. Yang Huiyan, the controlling shareholder, confirmed that, during the year ended
     31 December 2023, she and her close associates had fully complied with all terms and provisions of the Deed of Non-
     competition.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     The Articles of Association provide that every Director for the time being acting in relation to any of the affairs of the
     Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all actions,
     costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done,
     concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices or trusts.
     However, such indemnity does not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any of
     the said persons.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company had taken out insurance for Directors and senior management
     to provide appropriate protection for the Directors and senior management of the Company.

     The permitted indemnity provision was in force during the year ended 31 December 2023 for the benefit of the Directors.

     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE
     HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     Details of the emoluments of the Directors and those of the five highest paid individuals of the Group for the year ended
     31 December 2023 are set out in note 9(b) and note 39 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Details
     of the emoluments of senior management by band for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in section headed
     “Remuneration Committee” in the Corporate Governance Report in this annual report.

     The emoluments of individual Directors (including salaries and other benefits) are recommended by the Remuneration
     Committee of the Company for the Board’s approval in accordance with the Emolument Policy of Directors and Senior
     Management and having regard to the remuneration packages of comparable positions in similar companies, business
     requirements, individual experience, the Directors’ performance and duties, etc..

68   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Report of the Directors



RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 9 to the consolidated
financial statements.

The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in mainland China and Southeast Asia are required to
participate in a defined contribution pension scheme operated by the local government authorities. These subsidiaries are
required to contribute a certain proportion of its payroll costs to the pension scheme. The only obligation of the Company
with respect to the pension scheme is to make the required contributions. No forfeited contribution under the pension
scheme is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as
they become payable in accordance with the rules of the pension scheme.

The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the Mandatory Provident Fund
Scheme Ordinance (the “MPF Scheme”) for all employees in Hong Kong, which is a defined contribution retirement
scheme. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution requirement of 5% of
eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance
with the rules of the MPF Scheme. No forfeited contribution under the MPF Scheme is available to reduce the
contribution payable in future years. The assets of this pension scheme are held separately from those of the Group in
independently administered funds.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Details of the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions that constitute non-exempt transactions
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are disclosed as follows.

(1)   Connected transactions

      On 29 December 2023 (after trading hours), the Company entered into the Property Lease Termination
      Confirmation Letter with CGH, pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate certain long-term individual lease
      contracts (which were entered pursuant to the existing property lease framework agreement entered into between
      the Company and CGH on 13 April 2021) on 31 December 2023. CGH is a connected person of the Company.
      Please refer to the relevant explanation in “(2) Continuing Connected Transactions” for the connected
      relationship of CGH.

      In consideration of the Group’s overall business development strategy, the subsidiaries of the Company plan to
      early terminate the specific property leasing contracts signed with the CGH Group for the commercial projects,
      which will help reduce the reliance on connected persons for the commercial management business. The Group
      plans to invest more efforts on the expansion of the commercial management business of the external market,
      rely on third-party forces to achieve the long-term development of the Group, and continue to maintain the
      independence of the commercial management business.

      On the basis that the termination date is 31 December 2023, the decrease in the value of right-of-use asset
      recognised by the Group under the Property Lease Termination Confirmation Letter amounted to approximately
      RMB1,104 million. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023       69
     Report of the Directors


     (2)   Continuing Connected Transactions

           Continuing Connected Transaction with the Bright Scholar

           On 4 December 2020, the Company entered into a property management services framework agreement (the
           “2020 Bright Scholar Property Management Services Framework Agreement”) with Bright Scholar, which
           sets out the principal terms for the provision of property management services by the Group to the Bright Scholar
           Group in respect of the school campuses and dormitories of the Bright Scholar Group, for a term of three years
           commencing on 1 January 2021 until 31 December 2023. The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions
           contemplated under the 2020 Bright Scholar Property Management Services Framework Agreement for each of
           the three years ended 31 December 2023 are RMB7 million, RMB12.5 million and RMB18 million, respectively. In
           view of the business development of the Group, it was expected that the annual caps for 2021 would be insufficient
           to meet the expected transaction amount of the property management services provided to the Bright Scholar
           Group in respect of the school campuses and dormitories of the Bright Scholar Group for the year ended 31
           December 2021. As such, the Group entered into a supplemental agreement (the “Bright Scholar Supplemental
           Agreement”) with the Bright Scholar Group on 27 August 2021, pursuant to which the parties agreed to revise the
           annual cap for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB12 million.

           Bright Scholar is an indirect majority-controlled company held by Ms. Yang Huiyan, the Chairman of the Board,
           a non-executive Director and a controlling shareholder of the Company, and her aunt, Ms. Yang Meirong. As
           such, Bright Scholar is a connected person of the Company, and the 2020 Bright Scholar Property Management
           Services Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute continuing connected
           transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           The Company considered that the 2020 Bright Scholar Property Management Services Framework Agreements
           can broaden the sources of revenue of the Group, thereby generating stable income and realising more benefits for
           the Group.

           Further details of the 2020 Bright Scholar Property Management Services Framework Agreement were disclosed in
           the announcement of the Company dated 4 December 2020.

           During the year ended 31 December 2023, a total amount of approximately RMB1.36 million was payable by the
           Bright Scholar Group to the Group under the 2020 Bright Scholar Property Management Services Framework
           Agreement, all of which was recognized as revenue by the Company in accordance with the policy set out in note
           5(c) to the consolidated financial statements, which did not exceed the cap of RMB18 million.

           Continuing Connected Transactions with CGH

           Since CGH is a majority-controlled company indirectly held by Ms. Yang Huiyan, the Chairman of the Board, a non-
           executive Director and the controlling shareholder of the Company, CGH, its subsidiary and their 30%-controlled
           companies are associates of Ms. Yang Huiyan and thus connected persons of the Company. The transactions
           contemplated between the Company and the CGH Group (which, for the purpose of this section headed
           “Continuing Connected Transactions with CGH” only, includes 30%-controlled companies of CGH and its
           subsidiaries) therefore constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
           Listing Rules.




70   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                      Report of the Directors


1.   Trademark Licencing Arrangement

     On 1 June 2018, a trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Company and Shunbi
     Property and a deed of trademark licencing was entered into between the Company and CGH (the
     “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”), pursuant to which Shunbi Property agreed to and CGH would
     procure Shunbi Property to irrevocably and unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use
     several trademarks registered in the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of
     the trademark licencing agreement and the deed of trademark licencing, which is subject to the renewal of
     the licenced trademarks, on a royalty-free basis. In view of the needs for business development of the Group,
     the Company entered into a supplementary agreement with Shunbi Property on 13 March 2020, pursuant
     to which both parties agreed to increase the categories of registered trademarks licenced for use for the
     “information on registered trademarks licenced”.

     The Directors considered that the Trademark Licencing Arrangement with a term of over three years can
     ensure the stability of our operations, and is beneficial to the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

     Shunbi Property, as the registered proprietor of the licenced trademarks, is an indirect wholly-owned
     subsidiary of CGH. CGH is an associate of Ms. Yang Huiyan, the Chairman of the Board, a non-executive
     Director and a controlling shareholder of the Company, and therefore Shunbi Property is a connected person
     of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under the Trademark
     Licencing Arrangement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of
     the Listing Rules. The transaction under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement was within the de minimus
     threshold provided under Rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules and was exempt from the reporting, annual review,
     announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules. For details of the Trademark Licensing Arrangement, please refer to the section headed “Connected
     Transactions” of the listing document of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

2.   Property Management Services Framework Agreement

     On 4 December 2020, the Company entered into a property management services framework agreement (the
     “2020 Property Management Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH, which sets out the terms
     between the CGH Group and the Group on the property management services fee in respect of the unsold
     property units and the sold property units prior to the agreed delivery date set out in the property purchase
     contract for projects developed by the CGH Group and managed by the Group, for a term of three years
     commencing on 1 January 2021 until 31 December 2023. The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions
     contemplated under the 2020 Property Management Services Framework Agreement for each of the three
     years ended 31 December 2023 are RMB416 million, RMB493 million and RMB571 million, respectively.

     The Company cooperated with CGH though the 2020 Property Management Services Framework
     Agreement, which could generate great synergies, and further promote the business growth of the Group.

     Since the 2020 Property Management Services Framework Agreement expired on 31 December 2023 and
     it is expected that the Group will continue to enter into similar transactions from time to time thereafter, the
     Company and CGH have renewed the 2020 Property Management Services Framework Agreement on 29
     December 2023 (the “2023 Property Management Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of
     three years commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December 2026. The annual caps (excluding tax) of the
     transactions contemplated under the 2023 Property Management Services Framework Agreement for each
     of the three years ending 31 December 2026 are RMB440 million, RMB410 million and RMB370 million,
     respectively.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023       71
     Report of the Directors


                 Since the incorporation of the Group, the Group has maintained business partnership with the CGH Group
                 and provided property management services for the property owners of its property projects. The Group
                 is a leading service provider in comprehensive property management in the PRC with diversified business
                 focuses. The entry into of the 2023 Property Management Services Framework Agreement will help the
                 Group to continue to obtain contracts for preliminary property management services for property projects
                 developed by the CGH Group and provide satisfactory services to the property owners. The payment terms
                 of the 2023 Property Management Services Framework Agreement are conducive to the Group’s control
                 over the scale of its receivables and management of financial resources.

                 For details of the 2020 Property Management Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the
                 announcement of the Company dated 4 December 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 7 December
                 2020. For details of the 2023 Property Management Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the
                 announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023.

                 During the year ended 31 December 2023, the total property management service fee payable by the CGH
                 Group to the Group was approximately RMB285.39 million (of which approximately RMB219.78 million was
                 recognized as revenue by the Company in accordance with the policy set out in note 5(c) to the consolidated
                 financial statements), which did not exceed the cap of RMB571 million.

           3.    Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners

                 (1)   Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement

                       On 4 December 2020, the Company entered into a sales and leasing agency services framework
                       agreement (the “Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH in
                       relation to the Group’s provision of sales and leasing agency services to the CGH Group in respect of
                       unsold parking spaces and provision of sales agency services in respect of unsold property units under
                       the projects of the CGH Group, for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2021 until 31
                       December 2023. The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions contemplated under the Sales and
                       Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2023
                       are RMB700 million, RMB850 million and RMB1,000 million, respectively.

                       As a long-term development strategy, it is expected that the provision of sales and leasing agency
                       services in respect of unsold parking spaces and the provision of sales agency services in respect of
                       unsold property units of projects of the CGH Group will secure the steady growth of the Group’s value-
                       added services business, thereby expanding the Group’s total revenue.

                       For details of the Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the
                       announcement of the Company dated 4 December 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 7
                       December 2020. The Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement and the transactions
                       contemplated thereunder were duly approved by independent Shareholders of the Company at the
                       extraordinary general meeting held on 23 December 2020.

                       During the year ended 31 December 2023, the total amount for the sales and leasing agency services
                       payable by the CGH Group to the Group was approximately RMB9.91 million (of which approximately
                       RMB8.99 million was recognized as revenue by the Company in accordance with the policy set out in
                       note 5(c) to the consolidated financial statements), which did not exceed the cap of RMB1,000 million.




72   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                  Report of the Directors


(2)   Consultancy and Other Services Framework Agreements

      On 4 December 2020, the Company and CGH entered into a consultancy and other services
      framework agreement (the “Consultancy and Other Services Framework Agreement”). In
      accordance with its principal terms, members of the Group may from time to time enter into individual
      agreements with members of the CGH Group to provide the CGH Group with the following services for
      a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2021 until 31 December 2023:

      (a)   consultancy services in relation to sales of properties and other services, including but not limited
            to consultancy services on the operational management of the on-site sales offices of the CGH
            Group, and cleaning services for the properties developed by the CGH Group before delivery to
            homeowners;

      (b)   installation, maintenance and dismantling services in relation to advertisements to be displayed at
            certain advertising spaces located in the common areas of the property projects managed by the
            Group;

      (c)   home cleaning, household appliances cleaning, garden maintenance, home maintenance and
            other domestic services to be provided to the purchasers of property units of the CGH Group;

      (d)   elevator products installation and supporting services and other services; and

      (e)   technology services, after-sales maintenance and warranty services for houses and buildings,
            turnkey furnishing services, hotel management services, institutional food services, disinfection
            and pest control services and other services.

      The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions contemplated under the Consultancy and Other
      Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2023 are RMB1,500
      million, RMB1,800 million and RMB2,200 million, respectively.

      The Company considered that the Consultancy and Other Services Framework Agreement could
      raise the Group’s income from value-added services, which will thereby increase the total revenue
      and improve the profitability of the Group, and is in conformity with the Group’s strategic development
      needs.

      For details of the Consultancy and Other Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the
      announcement of the Company dated 4 December 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 7
      December 2020. The Consultancy and Other Services Framework Agreement and the transactions
      contemplated thereunder were duly approved by independent Shareholders of the Company at the
      extraordinary general meeting held on 23 December 2020.

      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the total amount for the consultancy and other services
      payable by the CGH Group to the Group was approximately RMB1,020.91 million (of which
      approximately RMB890.49 million was recognized as revenue by the Company in accordance with the
      policy set out in note 5(c) to the consolidated financial statements), which did not exceed the cap of
      RMB2,200 million.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023       73
     Report of the Directors


                 (3)   Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners

                       On 29 December 2023, the Company and CGH entered into a non-property owner value-added
                       services framework agreement (the “Non-property Owner Value-added Services Framework
                       Agreement”). In accordance with its principal terms, members of the Group may from time to time
                       enter into individual agreements with members of the CGH Group to provide the CGH Group with the
                       following services for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December 2026:

                       (a)   Consultancy services including (i) advice and assistance on the setting up and operation of the
                             on-site sales offices of the CGH Group, such as decoration of the venue, physical set-up of
                             booths and exhibitions, greenery, cleaning and maintenance of water and electricity supplies
                             of the sales offices; (ii) provision of guidance and training to the staff of the CGH Group on the
                             operations of the on-site sales offices, including the manners for general reception of guests, the
                             provision of light refreshments, maintenance of a decent and proper interior of the sales offices
                             for guests, management of show flats, property handover, handover inspection; (iii) cleaning
                             services for the properties developed by the CGH Group before delivery to homeowners; (iv)
                             asset operations management services; and (v) engineering services, including but not limited to
                             inspection service to developer and individual owner, and housing maintenance service;

                       (b)   Sales and leasing agency services including marketing planning programs for the leasing and
                             sales for the houses or parking spaces of the CGH Group, leasing, sales, agency services for
                             property ownership certificates, monitoring and management of the leasing and sales back office;

                       (c)   Advertising services (which comprise installation, maintenance and dismantling services) in
                             relation to advertisements to be displayed at certain advertising spaces located in the common
                             areas of the property projects managed by the Group;

                       (d)   Elevators Installation Services including elevator products installation and supporting services;
                             and

                       (e)   Other services including technology services, after-sales maintenance and warranty services for
                             houses and buildings, disinfection and pest control services, home decoration agency services
                             and other services.

                       The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions contemplated under the Non-property Owner
                       Value-added Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ending 31 December 2026
                       are RMB340 million, RMB250 million and RMB220 million, respectively.

                       The Group is a leading service provider in comprehensive property management in the PRC with
                       diversified business focuses. The Group has been providing similar services contemplated under the
                       Non-property Owner Value-added Services Framework Agreement to the CGH Group. By entering into
                       the Non-property Owner Value-added Services Framework Agreement, both parties have significantly
                       lowered the amount of annual caps for the fees compared with the existing Consultancy and Other
                       Services Framework Agreement and the existing Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework
                       Agreement, and the payment terms are also conducive to the Group’s control over the scale of its
                       receivables and management of financial resources. The Group will also strictly control the business
                       scale and strengthen recovery of payments in accordance with the principle of prudence.

                       For details of the Non-property Owner Value-added Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the
                       announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023.




74   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   Report of the Directors


4.   Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement

     On 4 December 2020, the Company and CGH entered into a hotel, engineering and transportation
     services framework agreement, pursuant to which the CGH Group agreed to provide the Group with hotel
     accommodation services, engineering and transportation services, including but not limited to, providing
     maintenance on the public facilities for properties managed by the Group and the shuttle bus transportation
     services for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2021 until 31 December 2023 (the “2020 Hotel,
     Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement”). The annual caps (excluding tax) of
     the transactions contemplated under the 2020 Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework
     Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2023 are RMB52.22 million, RMB58.38 million
     and RMB70.64 million, respectively. The Company was of the view that the entering into of the 2020 Hotel,
     Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement would help raise the Group’s service quality
     and enhance the brand of the Group, and is in conformity with the Group’s strategic development needs.

     Since the 2020 Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement expired on 31
     December 2023 and it is expected that the Group will continue to enter into similar transactions from time
     to time thereafter, the Company and CGH have renewed the 2020 Hotel, Engineering and Transportation
     Services Framework Agreement on 29 December 2023 (the “2023 Hotel, Engineering and Transportation
     Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the CGH Group has agreed to provide the Group
     with hotel services, engineering and transportation services for a term of three years commencing on 1
     January 2024 to 31 December 2026. The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions contemplated under
     the 2023 Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years
     ending 31 December 2026 are RMB45 million, RMB45 million and RMB45 million, respectively.

     The entering into of the 2023 Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement helps
     raise the Group’s service quality and enhance the brand of the Group, and is in conformity with the Group’s
     strategic development needs.

     For details of the 2020 Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement, please refer to
     the announcement of the Company dated 4 December 2020. For details of the 2023 Hotel, Engineering and
     Transportation Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29
     December 2023.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the total amount for the hotel, engineering and transportation
     services paid by the Group to the CGH Group was approximately RMB46.31 million, which did not exceed
     the cap of RMB70.64 million.

5.   Property Lease Framework Agreement

     On 13 April 2021, the Company entered into a property lease framework agreement with CGH (the “2021
     Property Lease Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company may lease the office space,
     shops and parking space, etc.of the CGH Group, for a term commencing on 13 April 2021 until 31 December
     2023. The total amount of the recognised right-of-use assets of the Group under the 2021 Property Lease
     Framework Agreement for the three years ended 31 December 2023 shall not exceed RMB1,500 million,
     RMB1,400 million and RMB700 million, respectively.

     The Company believes that with the long-term steady cooperation with the CGH Group and by extending the
     whole value chain services, the Group can improve its operation service level and generate great synergies,
     which will further promote the steady business growth of the Group and thereby expanding the Group’s total
     revenue.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023      75
     Report of the Directors


                 To better accommodate the actual business development, avoid unnecessary business interruption, and to
                 ensure long-term and stable business development and the continuity of market recognition, the Company
                 and CGH entered into the property lease supplemental agreement (the “Property Lease Supplemental
                 Agreement”) on 12 July 2022 (after trading hours) to amend the 2021 Property Lease Framework
                 Agreement, pursuant to which (i) the scope of the subject matter under individual leasing contracts was
                 expanded, that was, members of the CGH Group (as lessor) might from time to time enter into individual
                 leasing contracts with members of the Group (as lessee) for the lease of assets including but not limited to
                 office spaces, shops, parking lots, apartments, etc.to the Group in accordance with the principal terms of the
                 Property Lease Supplemental Agreement, (ii) the lease term of the individual lease contracts was extended
                 to no more than 20 years from the starting date of the corresponding lease, (iii) the rental mechanism was
                 revised, that was, the rent was determined under the following three mechanisms: (a) fixed lease payment
                 mechanism (with a rent-free period ranging from one month to six months determined according to the
                 situation of the specific leased asset at the time of entering into of the leasing contract), (b) variable lease
                 payment mechanism (including expenses, if any), and (c) fixed lease payment and variable lease payment
                 mechanism (including expenses, if any); (iv) the rent adjustment mechanism was added, that was, the
                 Company and CGH shall issue a rent assessment report every five years and adjust the rent level based on
                 the changes in market rent of the assets stated in the report, such rent change shall not exceed 10% of the
                 rent for the previous year; and (v) the annual caps under the 2021 Property Lease Framework Agreement
                 for each of the two years ended 31 December 2023 were revised, that was, the existing right-of-use assets
                 annual caps for each of the two years ended 31 December 2023 shall be revised to RMB2,300 million and
                 RMB2,500 million, respectively, and the variable payment annual caps for each of the two years ended 31
                 December 2023 shall be RMB68 million and RMB80 million, respectively.

                 Since the 2021 Property Lease Framework Agreement expired on 31 December 2023 and it is expected
                 that members of the Group will continue to enter into short-term leases with members of the CGH Group
                 from time to time thereafter, on 29 December 2023, the Company entered into the property lease framework
                 agreement (the “2023 Property Lease Framework Agreement”) with CGH in respect of the short-term
                 leases, to meet the need of the Group to lease certain office spaces held by the members of the CGH Group
                 for use for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December 2026. As one or more of
                 the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) calculated based on the highest annual
                 cap of the 2023 Property Lease Framework Agreement are below 0.1%, the transactions contemplated
                 under the 2023 Property Lease Framework Agreement are exempt from the reporting, announcement,
                 circular and the independent Shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                 The Group shall acquire no new right-of-use assets pursuant to the 2023 Property Lease Framework
                 Agreement.

                 For details of the 2021 Property Lease Framework Agreement and the Property Lease Supplemental
                 Agreement, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 13 April 2021 and 12 July 2022.
                 For details of the 2023 Property Lease Framework Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the
                 Company dated 29 December 2023.

                 During the year ended 31 December 2023, as there is no additional lease such as office spaces, shops,
                 parking lots, apartments, etc. of the CGH Group, the amount of right-of-use asset was nil, which did not
                 exceed the cap of RMB2,500 million, and the amount of variable payment was approximately RMB13.66
                 million, which did not exceed the cap of RMB80 million.




76   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     Report of the Directors


6.   Merchandise Procurement Framework Agreement

     On 4 December 2020, the Company entered into a merchandise procurement framework agreement (the
     “2020 Merchandise Procurement Framework Agreement”) with CGH, which sets out the principal terms
     for the sale of various kinds of goods, including but not limited to home appliances and food products, by the
     Group to the CGH Group for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2021 until 31 December 2023.
     The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions contemplated under the 2020 Merchandise Procurement
     Framework Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2023 are RMB82.58 million,
     RMB114.87 million and RMB172.30 million, respectively.

     The Company considered that the 2020 Merchandise Procurement Framework Agreement could raise the
     Group’s income from value-added services, which could thereby increase the total revenue and improve the
     profitability of the Group, and was in conformity with the Group’s strategic development needs.

     Further details of the 2020 Merchandise Procurement Framework Agreement were disclosed in the
     announcement of the Company dated 4 December 2020.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the total merchandise procurement fee payable by the CGH
     Group to the Group was approximately RMB12.08 million, all of which was recognized as revenue by the
     Company in accordance with the policy set out in note 5(c) to the consolidated financial statements, which
     did not exceed the cap of RMB172.30 million.

7.   Business Management Service Framework Agreement

     On 13 April 2021, the Company and CGH entered into a business management service framework
     agreement (the “Business Management Service Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which members
     of the Group may enter into individual service contracts with members of the CGH Group from time to
     time in accordance with the principal terms of the Business Management Service Framework Agreement
     to provide business planning and consulting, business solicitation, operation and planning services to the
     CGH Group for a term commencing on 13 April 2021 until 31 December 2023. The end of the service term
     of individual service contracts shall not be later than 31 December 2023. The annual caps (excluding tax) of
     the transactions contemplated under the Business Management Service Framework Agreement for each
     of the three years ended 31 December 2023 are RMB420 million, RMB450 million and RMB480 million,
     respectively.

     The business management service model expands the Group’s whole value chain services and enables the
     Group to have a higher degree of autonomy in project management. With the Group’s professional operation
     capability and high-quality services, as well as the long-term and stable cooperation between the Group
     and the CGH Group established through previous transactions, the Company considered that the Business
     Management Service Framework Agreement could help improve the Group’s whole value chain operation
     service level, generate great synergies, broaden its source of revenue, and thereby generate stable income,
     increase total revenue and enhance the profitability of the Group, which is in conformity with the strategic
     development needs of the Group.

     To ensure long-term and stable business development and the continuity of market recognition, the
     Company and CGH entered into the business management service supplemental agreement (the “Business
     Management Service Supplemental Agreement”) on 12 July 2022 (after trading hours) to amend the
     Business Management Service Framework Agreement, whereby the individual contract service term was
     extended to no more than 10 years from the date on which the services under the relevant individual service
     contracts commence.

     For details of the Business Management Service Framework Agreement and Business Management Service
     Supplemental Agreement, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 13 April 2021 and 12
     July 2022.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the total amount for the business management services paid by
     the CGH Group to the Group was approximately RMB114 million, all of which was recognized as revenue
     by the Company in accordance with the policy set out in note 5(c) to the consolidated financial statements,
     which did not exceed the cap of RMB480 million.

                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023       77
     Report of the Directors



     REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     BY INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing
     connected transactions of the Group and confirmed that the continuing connected transactions have been entered into:

     (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     (2)   on normal commercial terms or better or, if there were insufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they
           were on normal commercial terms or better, on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or
           from independent third parties; and

     (3)   according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
           the Shareholders as a whole.

     REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     BY AUDITOR
     Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers, was
     engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on
     Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
     Information”. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter to the Board containing its findings and conclusions in respect
     of the disclosed continuing connected transactions as follows:

     (1)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
           transactions have not been approved by the Board of the Company;

     (2)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that
           causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
           pricing policies of the Group;

     (3)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all
           material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

     (4)   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
           attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the
           annual cap set by the Company.

     OTHERS
     The continuing connected transactions disclosed above constitute related party transactions under the Hong Kong
     Financial Reporting Standards. A summary of significant related party transactions conducted during the year ended
     31 December 2023 is disclosed in note 37 “Related party transactions” to the financial statements. These related party
     transactions include the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules, and relevant disclosures as required by the Listing Rules are set out in this section. The disclosed
     amounts of these related party transactions contain certain incomes/expenses which are exempt from the announcement
     and reporting requirements as they are less than the minimum as required by Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.

     The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules in relation to the aforementioned connected transactions/continuing connected transactions.




78   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Report of the Directors



EVENT SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORT PERIOD
Unless the context requires otherwise, capitalized terms used in this section shall bear the same meanings as defined in
the joint announcement dated 7 February 2024, jointly published by the Company and Hopefluent.

On 7 February 2024, the parties to the Strategic Cooperation Agreement (CG Property Services HK, Mr. Fu Wai Chung
(the executive director and controlling shareholder of Hopefluent), China-net Holding Ltd. and Hopefluent) entered into an
agreement (the “Termination Agreement”) to terminate the Strategic Cooperation Agreement after considering, among
other matters, the prevailing market conditions, recent volatility in the capital markets, changes in the parties’ expectation
with respect to the implementation timeframe of the subject transactions and the underlying strategic and cooperation
objectives, and hence the Subscription will not proceed. For the above reasons, the discussion between CG Property
Services HK and China-net Holding Ltd. with respect to the possible acquisition has also been terminated and will not
proceed.

Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, all antecedent obligations and liabilities of CG Property Services HK, Mr. Fu Wai
Chung, China-net Holding Ltd. and Hopefluent under the Strategic Cooperation Agreement shall be absolutely released
and discharged in all aspects with immediate effect.

Despite the termination, the parties expect to continue to engage in amicable discussions to explore plans to deepen
the long-term strategic cooperation between CGS Group and the Hopefluent Group with a view to achieving business
synergies in the realm of real estate agency services.

For the purpose of the Takeovers Code, the offer period, which commenced on 6 November 2023, ended on 7 February
2024 (the date of the aforementioned joint announcement).

Pursuant to Rule 31.1 of the Takeovers Code, CG Property Services HK, parties who acted in concert with it in the
course of the Possible Offers and any parties who subsequently act in concert with any of them may not, within 6 months
from the date of the aforementioned joint announcement, (a) announce a further offer or possible offer for Hopefluent
(including a partial offer which could result in CG Property Services HK holding shares carrying 30% or more of the
voting rights of Hopefluent), or (b) acquire any voting rights of Hopefluent if CG Property Services HK or persons acting in
concert with it would thereby become obliged under Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code to make a mandatory general offer,
except in each case with the consent of the Executive.

For details of (1) the termination of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement and the Possible Acquisition and (2) the end of
the offer period, please refer to the joint announcement of the Company and Hopefluent dated 7 February 2024.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       79
     Report of the Directors



     DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 14.36B OF THE LISTING RULES
     1.    Discloseable transaction in relation to acquisition of 100% equity interest in City-Media

           On 30 July 2020, CG Life Services entered into an equity transfer agreement (the “Equity Transfer Agreement”)
           with the original shareholders (the “Original City-Media Shareholders”, as defined in the announcement of
           the Company dated 30 July 2020) of City-Media, Zhoushan Maofenghe Equity Investment Partnership (Limited
           Partnership) (“Zhoushan Maofeng”) (as the “First Vendor”), Zhoushan Bairuitong Equity Investment Partnership
           (Limited Partnership) and City-Media, pursuant to which CG Life Services acquired a total of 100% equity interest in
           City-Media. For details of the acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30 July 2020.

           Acquisition of the First Phase Target Shares

           CG Life Services agreed to acquire 65% equity interests of City-Media held by the First Vendor (the “First Phase
           Target Shares”). The Original City-Media Shareholders and Zhoushan Maofeng undertook that, during the years
           of 2020, 2021 and 2022 (the “Valuation Adjustment Period”), the accumulated audited principal business
           income (the “Principal Business Income”) and the accumulated audited net profit which is attributable to the
           shareholders of City-Media after deducting the non-recurring profit or loss (the “Net Profit After NRI”) of City-
           Media shall meet the minimum performance targets for the relevant years as follows:

                                                 Principal Business Income                         Net Profit After NRI
                                                                     The guaranteed                                 The guaranteed
                                                                   minimum amount                              minimum amount of
                                            The guaranteed       of the accumulated                           the accumulated Net
                                           minimum amount         Principal Business       The guaranteed        Profit After NRI for
                                             of the Principal Income for the year(s)   minimum amount of          the year(s) during
                                           Business Income during the Valuation         the Net Profit After           the Valuation
                                                 for the year     Adjustment Period        NRI for the year      Adjustment Period
            Year of performance                (RMB million)           (RMB million)         (RMB million)             (RMB million)


            2020                                        375.85               375.85                   75.01                    75.01
            2021                                        468.46               844.31                  110.45                   185.46
            2022                                        473.36             1,317.77                  114.08                   299.54

           In the event of fulfilment of the aforementioned performance guarantee by City-Media for 2022, CG Life Services
           should pay the sixth instalment of the consideration of RMB76.79 million to the First Vendor within 10 working days
           after the date of confirmation of its audited results or after the date on which the collection rate of the accumulated
           Principal Business Income (tax inclusive) of City-Media during the Valuation Adjustment Period is not less than 85%
           (including monetary fund collection and receipt of bank acceptance draft) (whichever is later).

           Acquisition of the Second Phase Target Shares

           Depending on the fulfillment of the aforementioned performance guarantee, CG Life Services will acquire the
           remaining 35% of the Target Shares (the “Second Phase Target Shares”) from Zhoushan Bairuitong Equity
           Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (the “Second Vendor”), such that City-Media will become a wholly-
           owned subsidiary of CG Life Services. The specific arrangements are any of the following circumstances: (i) in
           which CG Life Services has the obligation to acquire the Second Phase Target Shares; and (ii) in which CG Life
           Services has no obligation but has the right to acquire the Second Phase Target Shares.




80   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Report of the Directors


Performance compensation

Following the conclusion of the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the accumulated Principal Business Income of City-
Media during the Valuation Adjustment Period is less than RMB1,317.77 million, or the accumulated Net Profit After
NRI is less than RMB299.54 million, then the First Vendor shall compensate CG Life Services, and the calculation
of the corresponding compensation amount (the “Performance Compensation Amount”) is as follows:

      (RMB1,317.77 million – I)
(A)                                 × RMB511.94 million; or
         RMB1,317.77 million

       (RMB299.54 million – P)
(B)                                 × RMB511.94 million,
          RMB299.54 million

I     = The accumulated actual Principal Business Income during the Valuation Adjustment Period

P     = The accumulated actual Net Profit After NRI during the Valuation Adjustment Period

whichever is higher, but not more than RMB511.94 million.

If the amount of the fourth and/or the fifth and/or the sixth instalments of the consideration for the First Phase
Target Shares which CG Life Services has not yet paid (the “Unpaid Consideration”) is:

(1)   larger or equal to the Performance Compensation Amount, then CG Life Services shall pay to the First Vendor
      the balance of the Unpaid Consideration after deducting the Performance Compensation Amount; or

(2)   less than the Performance Compensation Amount, then the First Vendor shall pay cash to CG Life Services to
      make up for the difference between the Performance Compensation Amount and the Unpaid Consideration.

Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee

Except where the general manager appointed by the Second Vendor voluntarily resigns or offers to cease to serve
as the general manager, in the event that CG Life Services deprives the general manager appointed by the Second
Vendor of daily operation and management rights or remove such general manager which results in the Second
Vendor unable to assign a general manager, then the aforementioned performance guarantee shall be deemed
to be fulfilled in full (“Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee”), unless it is due to the discovery by CG
Life Services that the person appointed by the Second Vendor violates the standard of conduct for directors,
supervisors and senior management.

In a certain year, in the event of Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee of such year and/or subsequent
years, CG Life Services shall, within 10 working days after the occurrence of such a situation, pay the consideration
of the First Phase Target Shares for the corresponding instalments for such year and/or subsequent years.

As at the date of this report, as the parties were still in discussion and confirmation of conclusions in relation to the
aforementioned performance guarantee of City-Media for 2022, the auditor was not able to issue audit opinions on
which. The Company will make disclosure as appropriate after obtaining the relevant audit opinions in compliance
with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023       81
     Report of the Directors


     2.    Discloseable transaction in relation to acquisition of 70% equity interest in Manguo Kangjie

           On 14 October 2020, CG Property Services HK and CG Life Services (as the purchasers) entered into an equity
           transfer agreement with the vendors (being BLP Capital Limited, Huzhou Yuxin Enterprise Management Partnership
           (Limited Partnership), Huzhou Ruilong Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) and Huzhou
           Changxin Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (formerly known as Huzhou Yixin Enterprise
           Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) and subsequently known as Taizhou Yixin Enterprise Management
           Partnership (Limited Partnership)), Fan Manguo (“Mr. Fan”) and Country Garden Manguo Environmental
           Technology Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Shandong Manguo Kangjie Environmental Sanitation Group Co.,
           Ltd.) (“Manguo Kangjie”)), in relation to the acquisition of 70% equity interest in Manguo Kangjie (the “Manguo
           Kangjie Target Shares”). For details of the acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
           14 October 2020.

           Valuation Adjustment Amount

           The vendors and Mr. Fan undertook that, during the years of 2021, 2022 and 2023 (the “Valuation Adjustment
           Period”), the accumulated Operating Revenue and the accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Manguo Kangjie shall
           meet the minimum performance requirements for the relevant year(s) as follows:

                                                    Operating Revenue                             Net Profit After NRI
                                                                   The guaranteed                                  The guaranteed
                                                               minimum amount of                              minimum amount of
                                                                  the accumulated                            the accumulated Net
                                            The guaranteed     Operating Revenue          The guaranteed        Profit After NRI for
                                           minimum amount for the year(s) during      minimum amount of          the year(s) during
                                            of the Operating          the Valuation    the Net Profit After           the Valuation
            Year of performance         Revenue for the year    Adjustment Period         NRI for the year      Adjustment Period

            2021                                        1.22X                1.22X                   1.20Y                    1.20Y
            2022                                        1.49X                2.71X                   1.44Y                    2.64Y
            2023                                        1.82X                4.53X                   1.73Y                    4.37Y

           In the table above and below:

           (1)   X represents the Operating Revenue of Manguo Kangjie in 2020, which shall not exceed RMB2,400.00
                 million.

           (2)   Y represents the Net Profit After NRI of Manguo Kangjie in 2020, which shall not exceed RMB220.00 million.

           During the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the guaranteed minimum amount of any year listed in the above table
           is not fulfilled during that year, the vendors and Mr. Fan are not required to pay the valuation adjustment amount
           to the purchasers. However, following the conclusion of the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the aforementioned
           performance guarantee is not fulfilled (i.e. the accumulated Operating Revenue of Manguo Kangjie is less than 4.53X
           or its accumulated Net Profit After NRI is less than 4.37Y), the vendors and Mr. Fan shall jointly and severally pay
           the purchasers the valuation adjustment amount within 10 working days following the conclusion of the Valuation
           Adjustment Period.

           As at the date of this report, the audit procedures for the performance guarantee for Manguo Kangjie in 2021, 2022
           and 2023 are still in progress as (1) Manguo Kangjie has significant security risks in the regions where its overseas
           business is operated, which materially and adversely affects the progress of the aforementioned performance
           guarantee audit for the business in the region, and (2) the parties are still in discussion and confirmation of certain
           matters and conclusions in relation to the aforementioned performance guarantee. As such, the audit of the
           aforementioned performance guarantee for Manguo Kangjie for the year ended 31 December 2023, the year ended
           31 December 2022 and the year ended 31 December 2021 has not yet been completed.

           The Company will closely monitor the aforementioned performance guarantee and make disclosure as appropriate
           after obtaining the relevant audit opinions in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.


82   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Report of the Directors


3.   Acquisition of a total of 60% equity interest in Fujian Dongfei

     On 30 October 2020, CG Life Services and CG Property Services HK entered into equity transfer agreements
     with, among others, Fuzhou Dingrong Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (“Dingrong Environmental
     Protection”) and One Supreme Limited (“One Supreme”), respectively, pursuant to which the Group agreed to
     directly and indirectly acquire a total of 60% equity interest in Fujian Dongfei. For details of the acquisition, please
     refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30 October 2020.

     The audited accumulated Operating Revenue and audited accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Fujian Dongfei for
     each financial year during the years of 2021, 2022 and 2023 (the “Performance Guarantee Period”) shall meet
     the minimum performance requirements for that year as follows:

                                               Operating Revenue                         Net Profit After NRI
                                                        Guaranteed minimum                         Guaranteed minimum
                                                         audited accumulated                        audited accumulated
                                                          Operating Revenue                           Net Profit After NRI
                                  Guaranteed minimum for each year during Guaranteed minimum for each year during
                                    Operating Revenue        the Performance Net Profit After NRI        the Performance
         Year of performance               for the year     Guarantee Period        for the year        Guarantee Period


         2021                                      1.15X                 1.15X                   1.2Y                   1.2Y
         2022                               1.15 × 1.15X          2.15 × 1.15X             1.2 × 1.2Y             2.2 × 1.2Y
         2023                         1.2 × 1.15 × 1.15X          3.53 × 1.15X      1.25 × 1.2 × 1.2Y             3.7 × 1.2Y

     For the purposes of the table above and the sections below:

     X       = Operating Revenue (exclusive of tax) of Fujian Dongfei for 2020 (being RMB1,080 million)

     Y       = Net Profit After NRI of Fujian Dongfei for 2020 (the “Performance Guarantee Benchmark(s)”) (being
             RMB120 million)

     For each financial year during the Performance Guarantee Period, if the audited accumulated Operating Revenue
     or accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Fujian Dongfei is lower than the aforementioned performance guarantee, Mr.
     Cai Yuan, Mr. Chen Jian and Mr. Yang Zhuoya (the “Guarantors”) shall pay compensation to CG Life Services in
     cash or through the equity interest in Fujian Dongfei.

     If Fujian Dongfei’s audited accumulated Operating Revenue or accumulated Net Profit After NRI for previous years
     (i.e. 2021 and 2022) is lower than performance undertaking requirements for the year at the end of the Performance
     Guarantee Period, but the accumulated Operating Revenue and accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Fujian Dongfei
     reach the minimum accumulated Operating Revenue and accumulated Net Profit After NRI for 2023 at the end of
     the Performance Guarantee Period, it is deemed that Fujian Dongfei has fulfilled the aforementioned performance
     guarantee.

     As at the date of this report, as the parties were still in discussion and confirmation of certain matters and
     conclusions in relation to the performance guarantee for 2022 and 2023, the conclusion on the aforementioned
     performance guarantee could not be finalized. Accordingly, the auditor has not been able to issue audit opinions on
     the performance guarantee of Fujian Dongfei for 2022 and 2023. The parties were also in discussion as to whether
     the terms of the performance guarantee need to be adjusted. The Company will closely monitor the progress of
     the aforementioned performance guarantee and make disclosure as appropriate after obtaining the relevant audit
     opinions in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      83
     Report of the Directors


     4.    Acquisition of Entire Equity Interest in Wealth Best Global

           On 20 September 2021, CG Property Services HK entered into an equity transfer agreement with R&F Property
           Services Group Company Limited (“R&F Property”) to acquire 100% equity interest in Wealth Best Global
           Limited (“Wealth Best Global”) at a consideration of no more than RMB10 billion. For details, please refer to the
           announcements of the Company dated 20 September 2021 and 12 October 2021.

           Phase 1 – Third Instalment of Consideration

           R&F Property has undertaken that the audited net profit after NRI and accounting revenue of Wealth Best Global
           for 2021 shall not be less than RMB500 million and RMB4.2 billion, respectively, and its areas under management
           and total contracted areas as at 31 December 2021 shall not be less than 86 million sq. m. and 127 million sq. m.,
           respectively.

           Consideration Adjustment

           If the financial data of Wealth Best Global in 2021 fails to meet any financial indicator specified in the
           aforementioned performance guarantee, the phase 1 consideration shall be reduced in accordance with the
           following formulas:

           (1)   If the audited net profit after NRI for 2021 is less than RMB500 million, the phase 1 consideration shall be
                 reduced pro-rata to the difference between RMB500 million and the actual audited net profit after NRI.

           (2)   If the accounting revenue for 2021 is less than RMB4.2 billion, the phase 1 consideration shall be reduced
                 pro-rata to the difference between RMB4.2 billion and the actual accounting revenue for 2021.

           (3)   If the total areas under management as at 31 December 2021 is less than 86 million sq. m., the phase 1
                 consideration shall be reduced pro-rata to the difference between 86 million sq. m. and the actual total areas
                 under management as at 31 December 2021.

           (4)   If the total contracted areas as at 31 December 2021 are less than 127 million sq. m., the phase 1
                 consideration shall be reduced pro-rata to the difference between 127 million sq. m. and the actual total
                 contracted areas as at 31 December 2021.

           If Wealth Best Global fails to meet more than one financial indicator agreed in the aforementioned performance
           guarantee, the reduction amount shall be the highest of those calculated in accordance with the formulas above.
           The reduction amount (if any) shall be deducted by CG Property Services HK from the phase 2 consideration.




84   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Report of the Directors


Phase 2 – Fourth Instalment of Consideration (the “Fourth Instalment of Consideration”)

In addition to the areas under management of 86 million sq. m. agreed to be delivered under the performance
guarantee for 2021, R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties (as defined in the Company’s
announcement dated 20 September 2021) shall deliver areas under management (the “Delivered GFA under
Management”) of 66 million sq. m. to Wealth Best Global or other entities designated by CG Property Services HK
for a total consideration of RMB3 billion. The fourth instalment of consideration shall be payable in instalments after
CG Property Services HK has paid the third instalment of consideration. The parties shall conduct inventory taking
on a monthly basis to determine the part of the fourth instalment of consideration payable in the month according
to the monthly inventory taking results.

                                                          Areas delivered in              RMB3 billion
           Consideration payable for each month       =                         ×
                                                              the month                66 million sq. m.

The contracted unit price of the areas under management transferred to CG Property Services HK shall meet the
following requirements:

(1)   for residential properties, it shall be not lower than the average local market unit price for the properties within
      the same business type category and in the same area in principle; and

(2)   for commercial properties, if the R&F Property Related Parties own local projects within the same business
      type category in the same area, it shall be determined with reference to the average market unit price for the
      projects of the R&F Property Related Parties. If there is no local project owned by the R&F Property Related
      Parties within the same business category, it shall be not lower than the average market unit price for the
      projects within the same business type category in the same area.

The part of the fourth instalment of consideration payable by CG Property Services HK for a month shall be utilized
first to offset the balance with related parties as stated in the section headed “Handling of balance with related
parties” below.

Handling of balance with related parties

The amount due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties (the
“Balance with Related Parties”) not exceeding RMB610 million shall be offsetted with the fourth instalment of
consideration until the consideration in excess of the limited of the Balance with Related Parties is paid after being
fully settled through offsetting.

If the aforesaid amount of RMB610 million due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F
Property Related Parties has not been fully settled through offsetting as at 30 June 2024, R&F Property shall
make up for the shortfall within 20 statutory working days in the PRC following the determination of the amount
outstanding. For the excess of the amount due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F
Property Related Parties over such RMB610 million, CG Property Services HK has the right to either offset such
amount with each instalment of the consideration or request R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties to
pay such amount.

As at the date of this report, due to the impact of the downturn in the domestic real estate market and the less-
than-expected Delivered GFA under Management, it is expected that there is a material uncertainty as to whether
the fourth instalment of the consideration, which is based on the Delivered GFA under Management, can be
offsetted against the Balance with Related Parties as at 30 June 2024, and the parties are still in the process of
confirming the results of the Delivered GFA under Management. Wealth Best Global and the R&F Property Related
Parties have been negotiating on the solutions for collecting the Balance with Related Parties, and some of the
measures have been implemented, resulting in a decrease in the Balance with Related Parties.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023        85
     Report of the Directors


           As at the date of this report, as both parties were still in dispute over the impairment of the trade receivables owed
           by R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties to the Wealth Best Global Group, CG Property Services HK
           and R&F Property have not yet reached a consensus on relevant matters and conclusions of the aforementioned
           performance guarantee. As such, the audit of the aforementioned performance guarantee for Wealth Best
           Global for the year ended 31 December 2021 has not yet been completed. Currently, the both parties are still
           implementing solutions to collect the Balance with Related Parties, negotiating the terms of the supplementary
           agreement on equity transfer and other matters related to the advancement of follow-up business cooperation,
           and the Company will also continue to closely monitor the audit of the aforementioned performance guarantee and
           make disclosure as appropriate after obtaining the relevant audit opinions in compliance with the requirement of
           Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

     5.    Acquisition of Shares of Everjoy Services Company Limited

           On 11 February 2022, CG Property Services HK entered into a binding equity purchase agreement (the “Original
           Majority Equity Purchase Agreement”) with Chuangchen International Co., Ltd. (創辰國際有限公司),
           Chuangzhuo International Co., Ltd. (創卓國際有限公司), Chuangyuan International Co., Ltd. (創沅國際有限公司),
           Tycoon Ample Limited (亨盛有限公司) and Mr. Yang Jian (楊劍) (collectively, the “Majority Vendors”), and entered
           into a binding equity purchase agreement (the “Original Minority Equity Purchase Agreement”) (together with
           the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement, the “Agreements”) with Chuangzhi International Co., Ltd. (創志
           國際有限公司), Chuangtong International Co., Ltd. (創同國際有限公司), Mr. Li Jiacheng (李家城) and Mr. Ma Fei (馬
           飛) (collectively, the “Minority Vendors”) (together with the Majority Vendors, the “Vendors”), pursuant to which
           CG Property Services HK agreed to acquire a total of approximately 93.76% equity interest in Everjoy Services
           Company Limited. (“Everjoy Services”) at a total consideration of no more than approximately RMB3,129 million
           in cash (the “Acquisition”). The terms of the Agreements were determined after arm’s length negotiations between
           the parties.

           On 29 March 2022, the Company, CG Property Services HK and the relevant Vendors entered into the Majority
           First Supplemental Agreement and the Minority First Supplemental Agreement, respectively, to amend the
           arrangements for payment of the consideration under the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement and the
           Original Minority Equity Purchase Agreement (including the change of payment method for part of the consideration
           to payment through issuing consideration shares), the performance guarantees and the contractual arrangements
           for relevant matters. Pursuant to the amended Agreements, the maximum number of the consideration shares to
           be issued is 45,983,980 Shares.

           On 29 March 2022, CG Property Services HK entered into the Majority Second Supplemental Agreement and the
           Minority Second Supplemental Agreement with the relevant Vendors and Shanghai Zhongchengyun City Operation
           Management Co., Ltd (formerly known as Shanghai Zhongchengyun City Construction Services Co. Ltd., a related
           party of the Majority Vendors), respectively, to amend the scope of the projects for which Everjoy Services and
           its subsidiaries has entered into contracts and which have not been taken over yet as at 31 December 2021,
           including the part of the projects to be delivered in phases for which contracts have been entered into but which
           are not taken over yet (the “Projects In Transit”) and the Injected Projects (as defined under the Agreements and
           collectively, the “Projects”), the rectification of the Projects, the reorganization arrangements of Everjoy Services
           and its subsidiaries, the handling of related party transactions and accounts and the contractual arrangements
           for relevant matters under the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement, the Original Minority Equity Purchase
           Agreement, the Majority First Supplemental Agreement and the Minority First Supplemental Agreement.

           Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 14 February 2022, 29 March 2022 and 20 May 2022 for
           details.




86   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                           Report of the Directors


I.    Payment Conditions

                             Business or asset         Consideration receivable                Consideration receivable
                             of the Target Group       by the Majority Vendors and             by the Minority Vendors
                             corresponding to          its payment method                      and its payment method
                             the consideration         (RMB)                                   (RMB)


       Second part of        Non-property owners       No more than 45 million payable in      None
       consideration         value-added business      cash in 10 annual installments
                             under management

       Third part of         Projects In Transit       No more than 640.80 million             No more than 79. 20
       consideration                                   payable in cash according to project    million payable through
                                                       delivery progress                       the consideration shares
                                                                                               in equivalent value (the
                                                                                               “Minority PIT Consideration
                                                                                               Shares”) according to project
                                                                                               delivery progress

       Fifth Part of         Injected Projects         No more than approximately 1,571.44       None
       Consideration                                   million payable through the consideration
                                                       shares in equivalent value (the “Majority
                                                       Consideration Shares”) according to
                                                       project delivery progress

Second part of consideration

The second part of consideration shall be paid in ten installments corresponding to the ten financial years from 1
January 2022 to 31 December 2031, with each installment of RMB4.5 million.

If both of the revenue and gross profit margin of the non-property owners value-added business under
management for the relevant financial years remain to reach the prescribed benchmarks (being RMB150 million
and 15%, respectively), CG Property Services HK shall pay the corresponding installment of consideration to
the Majority Vendors after the annual audit is competed. If any indicator for any financial year fails to meet the
prescribed benchmarks, CG Property Services HK shall have the right to not pay the corresponding installment of
consideration and to deduct it from the total consideration.

As the discussion between the management of Everjoy Services and the Majority Vendors in respect of whether the
revenue and gross profit margin of the non-property owners value-added business under management of Everjoy
Services for the year 2023 will reach the prescribed benchmarks is still in progress, the payment of RMB4.5 million
by CG Property Services HK for the current period has yet to be confirmed. The Company will closely monitor the
progress of the above confirmation and disclose the same as appropriate in compliance with the requirement of
Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

Third part of consideration

The third part of consideration shall be paid in stages according to the delivery progress of the Projects In Transit.

Following the end of each half-year period since 1 January 2022, the parties shall review the Projects In Transit
delivered during such half-year period.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023     87
     Report of the Directors


           Within 10 working days following completion of each biannual review, CG Property Services HK shall pay the
           corresponding cash consideration and issue the Minority PIT Consideration Shares in equivalent corresponding
           value based on the saturated revenue of the Projects In Transit delivered during such period and the agreed
           formula. As at the date of this report, due to the impact of the downturn in the domestic real estate market, the
           management of Everjoy Services expects that the timeframe for the Projects In Transit to be delivered to Everjoy
           Services will be extended from full delivery by 30 June 2024 to full delivery by 30 June 2025. In addition, CG
           Property Services HK may deduct outstanding non-property owners value-added services fees payables, various
           expense resulting from termination of contracts and expenses advanced and losses incurred by Everjoy Services
           from the third part of consideration and outstanding consideration payable directly.

           Pursuant to the terms of the equity purchase agreement, (1) the total consideration payable for the Projects In
           Transit delivered by Everjoy Services from September 2022 to December 2022 shall be approximately RMB
           32,240,000, of which (i) approximately RMB28,690,000 (paid by approximately HKD31,320,000) has been paid
           in cash and (ii) approximately RMB3,550,000 will be paid through issuing consideration shares by the Company
           upon discussion and confirmation between CG Property Services HK and the Minority Vendors; (2) the total
           consideration payable for the Projects In Transit delivered by Everjoy Services from January 2023 to June 2023
           shall be approximately RMB72,290,000, of which (i) approximately RMB64,340,000 has been paid in cash and (ii)
           approximately RMB7,950,000 will be paid through issuing consideration shares by the Company upon discussion
           and confirmation between CG Property Services HK and the Minority Vendors.

           The Vendors have not confirmed the Projects In Transit delivered by Everjoy Services from July 2023 to December
           2023 and the consideration to be deducted. Therefore, the Company will closely monitor the progress of the
           above confirmation, make payments to the Majority Vendors in cash and to the Minority Vendors through issuing
           consideration shares as soon as practicable after obtaining confirmation from the Vendors and make a disclosure as
           appropriate in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

           Fifth Part of Consideration

           The fifth part of consideration shall be paid in stages according to the progress of delivery of the Injected Projects
           by the related parties of the Majority Vendors to the target group.

           Following the end of each half-year period since 1 January 2022, the parties shall review the Injected Projects
           delivered during such half-year period.

           Within one month following each biannual review, CG Property Services HK shall procure the issue of the Majority
           Consideration Shares in equivalent corresponding value based on the saturated revenue of the Injected Projects
           delivered during such period and the agreed formula.

           In 2023, no projects have been injected into the target group by the related parties of the Majority Vendors and
           no Shares of the Company are required to be issued by CG Property Services HK to the Vendors pursuant to the
           terms of the equity purchase agreements.

           II.   Performance Guarantee

                 (1)   The Majority Vendors and the Minority Vendors have undertaken to CG Property Services HK that the
                       saturated revenue of the Projects under management for each half-year period from 1 January 2022
                       until full settlement of the third part of consideration shall not be less than the corresponding amount as
                       at 31 December 2021.




88   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                 Report of the Directors


(2)   The Minority Vendors have undertaken to CG Property Services HK that the performance of the target
      group for the three years from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025 shall meet the following targets:

      Performance
      Guarantee Period          Operating Revenue       Net profit after NRI     GFA under management

      1 July 2022 to 30 June    No less than            No less than             The GFA under management
        2023                      RMB1,200 million        RMB125 million           as at 30 June 2023 shall
                                                                                   not be less than the GFA
                                                                                   under management as at 31
                                                                                   December 2021

      1 July 2023 to 30 June    No less than            No less than             The GFA under management
        2024                      RMB1,320 million        RMB137 million           as at 30 June 2024 shall not
                                                                                   be less than the GFA under
                                                                                   management as at 30 June
                                                                                   2023

      1 July 2024 to 30 June    No less than            No less than             The GFA under management
        2025                      RMB1,452 million        RMB150 million           as at 30 June 2025 shall not
                                                                                   be less than the GFA under
                                                                                   management as at 30 June
                                                                                   2024

      Upon issue, the Minority Consideration Shares (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated
      29 March 2022) shall be charged in favor of CG Property Services HK or its designated entity to secure
      the performance guarantee made by the Minority Vendors. For each performance guarantee period,
      upon confirmation that the relevant targets have been met, CG Property Services HK shall arrange
      to release the share charge over one-third of the Minority Consideration Shares. If the target for any
      performance guarantee period is not met, the share charge over corresponding portion of the Minority
      Consideration Shares shall not be released, and such performance guarantee period and subsequent
      performance guarantee periods (including the corresponding timetable for release of share charge) shall
      be extended for one year and so forth until such target is met, except that any Minority Consideration
      Shares over which the share charge has not been released as at 30 June 2032 shall be forfeited.

      If the target group fails to meet performance guarantee (1) and/or the target for GFA under management
      under performance guarantee (2), the Majority Vendors and/or the Minority Vendors shall make up for
      a portion of the corresponding shortfall in consideration in cash in accordance with the agreed formula
      or inject new projects meeting the specified criteria and conditions into the target group to make up for
      a portion of the corresponding shortfall in saturated revenue. If such cash compensation is not made
      or such projects for compensation are not injected, CG Property Services HK shall have the right to
      dispose of the charged Minority Consideration Shares to meet the obligations of the Minority Vendors
      to make up for the shortfall.

      As CG Property Services HK have not yet reached a consensus with the Minority Vendors as to
      whether the performance guarantee targets for the performance guarantee period from 1 July 2022 to
      30 June 2023 have been met, CG Property Services HK has not released the share charge over one-
      third of the Minority Consideration Shares for the time being. The Company will closely monitor the
      above situation and make disclosure as appropriate in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B
      of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023      89
     Report of the Directors



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
     IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
     AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the
     Shares of the Company, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be entered in the register pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO,
     or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as
     follows:

     Long positions in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                 interests in                             % of total
                                                                                  underlying                               Shares in
                                                                                 shares held                             issue as at
                                                             Number of          under equity                           31 December           Number of
       Name of Director        Capacity                     Shares held           derivatives               Total              2023     debentures held

       Ms. Yang Huiyan         Interest of controlled    1,218,336,100(1)                   –       1,218,336,100             36.44%                    –
                                  corporation and
                                  other interests
       Mr. Xu Binhuai          Beneficial owner             1,240,667(2)(3)       1,540,000(6)          2,780,667              0.08%                    –
       Mr. Xiao Hua            Beneficial owner               755,795(2)(4)         860,000(6)          1,615,795              0.05%                    –
       Mr. Guo Zhanjun         Beneficial owner               825,405(2)(5)         600,000(6)          1,425,405              0.04%                    –

     Notes:

     As at 31 December 2023, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,343,020,336 Shares.

     (1)      As at 31 December 2023, Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior held 418,332,094 Shares and 125,363,139 Shares, respectively. Concrete
              Win and Fortune Warrior are beneficially wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Yang Huiyan is deemed to be
              interested in the same number of Shares in which Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior were interested in. Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete
              Win entered into a deed of gift with Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) on 29 July 2023. Pursuant to the Deed of Gift,
              the Donor donated 674,640,867 Shares to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) for charitable purposes, and appointed
              Ms. Yang Huiyan and the Donor or their designated person(s) as proxies to exercise the voting rights in respect of the Donation Shares
              on behalf of Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) at the discretion of Ms. Yang Huiyan and the Donor. Ms. Yang Huiyan
              continued to directly and indirectly control the voting rights in respect of 1,218,336,100 Shares, which include the voting rights in respect
              of the Donation Shares.

     (2)      The relevant interests include the Shares received from the exercise of the unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to Pre-
              Listing Share Option Scheme. Upon exercise of the share options in accordance with the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme, the
              corresponding number of ordinary Shares will be issued at HK$0.94 per Share. The share options are personal to the respective Directors.

     (3)      These Shares represent 240,000 Shares held by Mr. Xu Binhuai which were purchased in the secondary market and 1,000,667 Shares
              issued to Mr. Xu Binhuai upon his exercise of the options granted to him under the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme.

     (4)      These Shares represent 37 Shares distributed to Mr. Xiao Hua by virtue of the shares of CGH held by him prior to the spin-off of the
              Company from CGH and separate listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, 5,558 Shares received by Mr. Xiao Hua as the
              distributed final dividend of CG Services for 2020 and 750,200 Shares issued to Mr. Xiao Hua upon his exercise of the options granted to
              him under the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme.

     (5)      These Shares represent 14,205 Shares received by Mr. Guo Zhanjun as the distributed final dividend of CG Services for 2020 and 2021
              and 811,200 Shares issued to Mr. Guo Zhanjun upon his exercise of the options granted to him under the Pre-Listing Share Option
              Scheme.

     (6)      The relevant interests are unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. Upon exercise of the share
              options in accordance with the Share Option Scheme, the corresponding number of ordinary Shares will be issued at HK$50.07 per
              Share. The share options are personal to the respective Directors.


90   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                             Report of the Directors


Long positions in the shares of an associated corporation of the Company

                                                                                                                             Approximate %
                                                                                                                              of total issued
                                                                                                                               shares of the
                                                                                                                                  associated
                                                                                                          Number of            corporations
                                                                                                            Shares/                      as at
                                Name of associated                                                        Underlying           31 December
  Name of Director              corporation                           Nature of interest                 Shares held                    2023(1)


  Ms. Yang Huiyan(1)            Justbon Services                      Interest of controlled             177,584,598                    99.71%
                                                                         corporation
  Mr. Xu Binhuai(2)             Hopefluent                            Beneficial owner                      2,520,000                     0.37%

Notes:

(1)      The resolution for approving the delisting of H shares of Justbon Services from the Stock Exchange was passed at the general meeting
         and H share class meeting of Justbon Services held on 17 June 2021, and the delisting acceptance condition was satisfied on 15 July
         2021. The listing of H shares of Justbon Services on the Stock Exchange was voluntarily withdrawn at 4:00 p.m. on 19 August 2021.
         Following the delisting, the shares of Justbon Services, as a PRC issuer, are no longer divided into H shares and domestic shares and
         are all ordinary shares with nominal value of RMB1 each. The percentage is calculated based on the total shares of Justbon Services of
         178,102,160 shares as at 31 December 2023.

(2)      According to the share option scheme of Hopefluent, Mr. Xu Binhuai was granted share options to subscribe for a total number of
         2,520,000 Hopefluent shares at the exercise price of HK$1.85 per share during the period from 1 July 2024 to 15 June 2033 by three
         tranches. Subject to the fulfilment of certain vesting conditions, the 1st tranche (40% of the share options granted for Hopefluent shares)
         will be vested on 1 July 2024; the 2nd tranche (30% of the share options granted for Hopefluent shares) will be vested on 1 April 2025;
         the 3rd tranche (30% of the share options granted to the grantee for Hopefluent shares) will be vested on 1 April 2026. The percentage is
         calculated based on the total number of 674,149,989 Hopefluent shares in issue as at 31 December 2023.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company (including
their spouses and children under the age of 18) had any interest in, or had been granted any right to subscribe for the
Shares and options of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO), or had exercised
any such rights.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023           91
     Report of the Directors



     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE
     UNDER THE SFO
     As at 31 December 2023, as set out in the register kept under Section 336 of the SFO, the following companies and
     persons (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares and
     underlying shares which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

                                                                                                        Number of              Approximate
                                                                                                       Shares held                % of total
       Name of Shareholder                                   Capacity                                 or interested          Shares in issue


       Concrete Win                                          Beneficial owner                     1,092,972,961 (L)                    32.69%
       Mr. Chen Chong(1)                                     Interest of spouse                   1,218,336,100 (L)                    36.44%
       Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation
         (Hong Kong)(2)                                      Beneficial owner                       674,640,867 (L)                    20.18%
                                                             Interest of controlled
       Ms. Yang Ziying(3)                                       corporation                         675,540,867 (L)                    20.21%

     Notes:

     L – long position
     S – short position

     As at 31 December 2023, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,343,020,336 Shares.

     (1)      By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen Chong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by his spouse, Ms. Yang Huiyan, whose interests
              are disclosed in the above section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying
              Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated Corporations”.

     (2)      Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win entered into the Deed of Gift with Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) on 29 July 2023.
              Pursuant to the Deed of Gift, the Donor donated 674,640,867 Shares to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) for charitable
              purposes. Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win continue to control the voting rights of 674,640,867 shares held by Guoqiang Public
              Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong).

     (3)      Pursuant to the Deed of Gift, Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong), a company controlled by Ms. Yang Ziying, holds
              674,640,867 Shares. Harvest Blossom Limited is beneficially wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Ziying and holds 900,000 Shares. By virtue of
              the SFO, Ms. Yang Ziying is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) and Harvest
              Blossom Limited.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Company had not been notified of any other person (other than
     the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who was recorded in the register of the Company as having an interest
     or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be
     kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




92   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Report of the Directors



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
On 28 September 2020, the Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Shareholders, which is for a term
of 10 years from the date of its adoption and will expire on 27 September 2030. A summary of the principal terms of the
Share Option Scheme is set out as follows:

(i)     Purpose

        •    To motivate the eligible participants to work hard for the future development of the Group by providing
             them with the opportunities for acquiring the Shares of the Company so as to promote the long-term stable
             development of the Group;

        •    To provide incentives and/or rewards to eligible participants for their contribution to the Group; and

        •    To enhance the Group’s ability to attract and retain individuals with outstanding skills and extensive
             experience.

(ii)    Eligible participants

        •    any current employee, executive or officer of the Group;

        •    any Director (including non-executive Director and independent non-executive Director); or

        •    service providers, including any advisor, consultant or business partner of any member of the Group whom
             the Board or its authorised person considers at its sole discretion has made or will make contribution to the
             Group.

(iii)   Maximum number of Shares available for subscription

        •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the Share Option Scheme will be
             82,780,000 Shares.

        •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued under the share options that may be granted under
             the Share Option Scheme, and new and other existing share option schemes of the Company shall not
             exceed 10% of the total number of issued Shares.

        •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding share options
             granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
             Company shall not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time.

             As at the date of this report, a total of 62,519,000 Shares, representing approximately 1.87% of the issued
             share capital of the Company as at the date of this report, were available for issue under the Share Option
             Scheme.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   93
     Report of the Directors


     (iv)   Maximum entitlement to options of each eligible participant

            The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each eligible
            participant (including both exercised and outstanding options under the Share Option Scheme) in any 12-month
            period must not exceed 1% of the issued Shares of the Company.

     (v)    Exercise period of options

            The period during which the grantees may exercise the options under the Share Option Scheme shall not exceed 5
            years from the date of grant and is subject to the terms of the Share Option Scheme.

     (vi)   Payment on acceptance of option offer

            HK$1.00 is payable by each participant to the Company upon acceptance of the option offer as consideration for
            the grant within 30 days after the option offer is made by the Company.

     (vii) Basis for determining the exercise price

            The exercise price of the share options shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board, but in any case, at
            least the highest of the following:

            •     the closing price of the Shares on the date of grant (which must be a business day) as stated on the daily
                  quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange;

            •     the average closing price of the Shares for the five business days before the date of grant as stated on the
                  daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange; and

            •     95% of the average closing price of the Shares for the ten business days before the date of grant as stated
                  on the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange.

     (viii) Remaining life of the scheme

            The Share Option Scheme will be valid for a period of 10 years from the date of adoption, beyond which no further
            share options shall be granted. However, the provisions of the Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and
            effect in all other respects, and the options granted and not yet exercised shall remain valid and exercisable during
            the exercise period.

     (ix)   Vesting period

            Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer of the grant of options to a grantee, there is no
            minimum period required under the Share Option Scheme for the holding of an option before it can be exercised.

            On 28 September 2020, 23 March 2021 and 30 March 2022, the Company granted share options to a total of 73
            eligible participants, including 65 participants who were employees (other than Directors) at the time of grant, 4
            Directors and 4 service providers (the number of share options granted to one of the service providers exceeded
            0.1% of the issued share capital of the Company at the adoption date). Some eligible participants who were
            granted share options on 30 March 2022 were also the eligible participants who were granted share options on 23
            March 2021. The share options granted on 23 March 2021 were cancelled on 30 March 2022.




94   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                    Report of the Directors


During the year ended 31 December 2023, details of movements in the share options under the Share Option
Scheme are as follows:

                                                           Options to subscribe for Shares
                             Outstanding                                                        Outstanding    Exercise
                                    as at     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled        Lapsed          as at   price per
  Category and                 1 January        during      during       during         during 31 December        Share                     Exercise
  name of grantee                   2023      the Year    the Year     the Year       the Year         2023        (HK$) Date of grant      period


  Directors
  Mr. Xu Binhuai               2,200,000             –           –             –      660,000      1,540,000      50.07 28 September 2020 Vesting date(1) –
                                                                                                                                            27 September 2025(7)
  Mr. Xiao Hua                 1,520,000             –           –             –      660,000       860,000       50.07 28 September 2020 Vesting date(1) –
                                                                                                                                            27 September 2025(7)
  Mr. Guo Zhanjun              1,200,000             –           –             –      600,000       600,000       50.07 28 September 2020 Vesting date(1) –
                                                                                                                                            27 September 2025(7)
  Sub-total of Directors       4,920,000             –           –             –     1,920,000     3,000,000
                                        (4)
  Employee participants       43,526,000             –           –             –    20,807,000    22,719,000      50.07 28 September 2020 Vesting date(2) –
                                                                                                                                            27 September 2025(7)
                               3,240,000             –           –             –     1,136,000     2,104,000      50.07 30 March 2022     Vesting date(3) –
                                                                                                                                            29 March 2027(7)
  Service providers(5)           120,000             –           –             –        60,000        60,000      50.07 28 September 2020 Vesting date(1) –
                                                                                                                                            27 September 2025(7)
  Sub-total of eligible       46,886,000             –           –             –    22,003,000    24,883,000
    participants
    (other than Directors)
  Total                       51,806,000             –           –             –    23,923,000    27,883,000

Notes:

(1)       Subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, the vesting date shall be the date on which the auditor’s report of the
          Company for the relevant financial year is issued: (a) 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will
          be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2020 is issued;
          (b) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date
          on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2021 is issued; and (c) 30% of the total number of Shares
          granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for
          the year ended 31 December 2022 is issued.

(2)       Subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, the vesting date of the share options granted by the Company on 28
          September 2020 to a total of 61 other participants, including 57 employees (other than Directors) and 4 service providers*, to
          subscribe for 53,900,000 Shares shall be the date as set out in note (1), and the vesting date of the share options granted to 4
          employees (other than Directors) to subscribe for the remaining 2,400,000 Shares shall be the date on which the auditor’s report of
          the Company for the relevant financial year is issued, which is (a) 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share
          options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December
          2021 is issued; (b) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees
          on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is issued; and (c) 30% of the total number
          of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial
          report for the year ended 31 December 2023 is issued.

          *         Service providers (all being consultants of the Company) represent persons who provide services to the Group on a
                    continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which are in the interest of the long-term growth of
                    the Group. For the avoidance of doubt, service providers exclude placing agents or financial advisors providing consulting
                    services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions or professional services provider who provides assurance services, or is
                    required to perform services with impartiality and objectivity.


                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023             95
     Report of the Directors


           (3)    Subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, as at 30 March 2022, the Company granted share options to five
                  employees (other than Directors) to subscribe for 3,240,000 Shares in total, of which the vesting date of share options granted
                  to two grantees to subscribe for a total of 1,600,000 shares shall be the date on which the auditor’s report of the Company for
                  the relevant financial year is issued, (a) 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to
                  the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2021 is issued; (b) 30%
                  of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which
                  the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is issued; and (c) 30% of the total number of Shares granted
                  pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year
                  ended 31 December 2023 is issued. The vesting date of share options granted to the remaining three grantees to subscribe for a
                  total of 1,640,000 shares shall be the date on which the auditor’s report of the Company for the relevant financial year is issued,
                  (a) 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on
                  which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is issued; (b) 30% of the total number of Shares granted
                  pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year
                  ended 31 December 2023 is issued; and (c) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be
                  vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ending 31 December 2024 is issued.
                  The reason for the vesting period of some share options being less than 12 months is that: the exercise price (i.e. exercise price
                  of HKD72.40) of the same number of outstanding share options granted on 23 March 2021 (i.e. share options to subscribe for
                  1,600,000 Shares) no longer serves the purpose of providing incentives and rewards for promoting the grantees to contribute to
                  the Group, and is not conducive to retaining existing grantees and make lasting contributions to the development of the Group.
                  Accordingly, both the Remuneration Committee and the Board have resolved to cancel the outstanding share options under the
                  Share Option Scheme and grant an equal number of new share options to the existing grantees.

           (4)    Mr. Li Changjiang has been redesignated as an employee participant from Director of the Company in October 2023; Mr. Xu
                  Binhuai has been redesignated as Director of the Company from employee participant in October 2023; and 1 service provider has
                  been redesignated as employee of the Group from service provider in 2023.

           (5)    For such four service providers on the date of grant (i.e., 28 September 2020) of the Share Option Scheme, two service providers
                  became employees of the Group in 2021 and 2023, respectively, and another service provider resigned in 2022. Apart from this,
                  the nature of the other service providers remained unchanged during the Year.

           (6)    The expense of share options charged to profit or loss during the Year was approximately RMB-202.65 million (for the
                  corresponding period in 2022: RMB0.55 million), mainly due to the lapse of certain share options during the Year which offsets the
                  expense of share options provided in the previous period. The relevant accounting policy is described in Note 41.19 “Share-based
                  payments” to this report.

           (7)    Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions under the terms of the Share Option Scheme and that the share options are not
                  lapsed, the share options are exercisable by the grantees before 27 September 2025 and 29 March 2027, respectively.

           (8)    During the Year, no share options were exercised or vested by eligible participants, therefore the weighted average closing price
                  of relevant Shares immediately preceding the date of exercise or vesting of share options was not applicable. During the Year, no
                  share options were cancelled by the Company.

           (9)    During the Year, no share options were granted by the Company. As at 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023, the number
                  of Shares available for grant under the Share Option Scheme (including the share options lapsed according to the Share Option
                  Scheme) was 10,713,000 Shares and 34,636,000 Shares, respectively.

           (10)   During the Year, no share options were granted by the Company, therefore the total number of Shares which may be issued upon
                  the exercise of the share options granted under the Share Option Scheme divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue
                  during the Year is zero.


           Save as disclosed above, no outstanding options had been exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option
           Scheme during the reporting period.




96   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Report of the Directors



EQUITY FUND-RAISING ACTIVITIES AND USES OF PROCEEDS
During the Year, the Company had not conducted any equity fund-raising activity. The proceeds from equity fund-raising
activities of the Company since listing have been fully utilized in the prior years. For details, please refer to the sections on
“EQUITY FUND-RAISING ACTIVITIES AND USES OF PROCEEDS” in the Company’s previous annual reports.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
contained in this annual report.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the Year, the Group was subject to a number of laws and regulations, mainly including the Company Law of the
PRC, the Civil Code of the PRC, the Property Management Regulations, the Price Law of the PRC, the Measures for
the Management of Property Service Charge, the Regulations on Property Management Service Fee with Clear Price
Tag, the Bid-Inviting and Bidding Law of the PRC, the Interim Measures for Bid-Inviting and Bidding Management of
Preliminary Property Management, the Environment Protection Law of the PRC, the Production Safety Law of the PRC,
the Fire Prevention Law of the PRC, the Regulations on the Administration of Security Services, the Special Equipment
Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Regulations on Safety Supervision of Special Equipment, Measures
for the Management of Special Maintenance of Residential Buildings, Administrative Measures of the Indoor Fitment and
Decoration, the Administrative Measures for Municipal Solid Waste, Administration of Urban Construction Garbage, Food
Safety Law of the PRC, Advertising Law of the PRC, the Administrative Measures for Real Estate Brokerage, the Labour
Law of the PRC, the Labour Contract Law of the PRC, the Implementation Regulations for the Labour Contract Law of
the PRC, the Social Security Law of the PRC and Administrative Regulation on Housing Provident Fund, etc.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s business had complied with the relevant laws and regulations in
all material respects and there were no material violations or contraventions of any laws and regulations applicable to the
Group which may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business or financial position as a whole.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the
date of this annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association and there is no restriction against such rights
under the laws of Cayman Islands.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        97
     Report of the Directors



     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES
     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased a total of 30,184,000 Shares on the Stock
     Exchange at a total consideration of HK$289,932,000 (before expenses). All the Shares repurchased were subsequently
     cancelled in full during the Year. Details of the Shares repurchased during the Year were as follows:

                                                                            Purchase price per Share
                                                                                                                        Total
                                                      Number of                                                 consideration
                                                         Shares             Highest            Lowest       (before expenses)
      Month                                         repurchased                HK$               HK$                     HK$


      September 2023                                    30,184,000             10.04               9.31            289,932,000
                                                        30,184,000                                                 289,932,000

     The purpose of such Share repurchase was to increase the returns for the Shareholders and to reflect the Company’s
     confidence in its business prospects, and was beneficial to all Shareholders. As at 31 December 2023, all of the
     repurchased Shares were cancelled and the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,343,020,336 Shares.

     Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2023, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
     purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.

     AUDITOR
     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been audited by
     PricewaterhouseCoopers. A resolution on the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s auditor for
     the ensuing year will be proposed at the 2024 AGM of the Company.

     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION AND CONSULTING PROFESSIONAL TAX
     ADVISERS
     The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to any Shareholders as a result of holding the
     securities of the Company. Shareholders are recommended to consult professional advisers if they are in any doubt as to
     the tax implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in or the exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares
     of the Company.




98   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                             Report of the Directors



CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For the purposes of determining the eligibility of the Shareholders to attend, speak and vote at the 2024 AGM of the
Company, and the Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special dividend, the register of
members of the Company will be closed as appropriate as set out below:

(i)    For determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the 2024 AGM:

       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration        At 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 30 May 2024
         with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar
         and transfer office
       Record date                                                     Friday, 31 May 2024
       Closure of the register of members of the Company               Friday, 31 May 2024 to Thursday,
                                                                          6 June 2024 (both days inclusive)

(ii)   Subject to the passing of the proposal for distributing the final dividend and special dividend at the 2024 AGM, for
       determining the Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special dividend:

       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration        At 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 14 June 2024
         with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar
         and transfer office
       Closure of the register of members of the Company               Monday, 17 June 2024 to Tuesday,
                                                                         18 June 2024 (both days inclusive)
       Record date                                                     Tuesday, 18 June 2024

For the purposes mentioned above, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates
must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office, Tricor Investor
Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong no later than the aforementioned
latest time.

For and on behalf of the Board
Xu Binhuai
President and Executive Director

Foshan, China, 27 March 2024




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023       99
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      To the Shareholders of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

      Opinion
      What we have audited

      The consolidated financial statements of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) and its
      subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set out on pages 106 to 206, comprise:

      •     the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023;

      •     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

      •     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

      •     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

      •     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
            explanatory information.

      Our opinion

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
      year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
      requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
      Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
      Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

      We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

      Independence

      We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
      Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.




100   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report


Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•       Assessment of the expected credit losses of trade receivables

•       Goodwill impairment assessment

    Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


    Assessment of the expected credit losses of trade           We have performed the following procedures to address
    receivables                                                 this key audit matter:

    Refer to note 3.1.1 ‘Credit risk’, note 4 ‘Critical         (i)     Obtained an understanding of management’s
    accounting estimates and judgments’ and note 24 ‘Trade              assessment process of expected credit losses of
    and other receivables’ to the consolidated financial                trade receivables and assessed the inherent risk of
    statements.                                                         material misstatement by considering the degree of
                                                                        estimation uncertainty, complexity, subjectivity and
    As at 31 December 2023, the gross balance of                        other inherent risk factors.
    trade receivables amounted to RMB19,511,185,000,
    which represented approximately 28.2% of the total          (ii)    Understood, evaluated and validated management’s
    assets of the Group. Management has assessed the                    key controls in relation to the assessment of the
    expected credit losses of the trade receivables and                 expected credit losses of trade receivables.
    RMB3,132,683,000 of loss allowance was made against
    the trade receivables as at 31 December 2023.               (iii)   Assessed the appropriateness of the credit loss
                                                                        provisioning model and methodology adopted by
    For trade receivables with remarkably different credit              management.
    risk characteristics and occurrence of credit impairment,
    management evaluated the distribution of expected cash      (iv)    Evaluated the rationality of management’s
    flows under multiple scenarios based on experience                  assumptions of expected cash flow distribution,
    of historical credit loss, business model, current                  expected credit losses rate and related probability
    situations and forecasts of future conditions of contract           weight under different scenarios for individual
    counterparties under different scenarios, and made                  assessment.
    corresponding loss allowance according to expected
    credit loss rate and the related probability weight
    under different scenarios. Expected credit losses were
    recognised on an individual basis and loss allowances
    were made on an individual basis.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023     101
      Independent Auditor’s Report



       Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


       For trade receivables without occurrence of credit          (v)     Challenged the reasonableness of the estimated
       impairment, management assessed the expected                        credit loss rates by considering historical cash
       credit losses of trade receivables collectively by                  collection and movements of the aging of trade
       grouping the trade receivables based on shared credit               receivables, and taking into account the market
       risk characteristics and aging periods, and based on                conditions as well as forward looking information
       assumptions about risk of default and expected credit               with the involvement of our in-house valuation
       loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these                 experts.
       assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
       calculation, based on the Group’s past history, aging       (vi)    Tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of
       profile of the receivables, existing market conditions as           aging report of trade receivables prepared by
       well as forward looking estimates at the end of each                management.
       reporting period, which are subject to high degree
       of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation    (vii)   Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
       to the assessment of the expected credit losses of                  calculation of the provision for loss allowance.
       trade receivables is considered relatively higher due to
       uncertainty of significant assumptions used.                We found that the significant judgments and estimates
                                                                   made by management in relation to the assessment of
       Given the magnitude of the balance of trade receivables     the expected credit losses of trade receivables were
       and that the assessment of the expected credit losses       supportable by available evidences.
       of trade receivables involved significant judgments
       and estimates made by management, which in turn
       led to high degree of auditor judgment and significant
       audit effort in evaluating the audit evidence related
       to the assessment of the expected credit losses of
       trade receivables, we consider the assessment of the
       expected credit losses of trade receivables a key audit
       matter.




102   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Independent Auditor’s Report



Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Goodwill impairment assessment                             We have performed the following procedures to address
                                                           this key audit matter:
Refer to note 4 ‘Critical accounting estimates and
judgments’ and note 17 ‘Intangible assets’ to the          (i)      Obtained an understanding of management’s
consolidated financial statements.                                  assessment process of goodwill impairment and
                                                                    assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had goodwill of                   by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty,
RMB16,432,801,000 which accounted for approximately                 complexity, subjectivity and other inherent risk
23.7% of the total assets of the Group. Management                  factors.
has assessed the goodwill impairment and impairment
losses of goodwill amounting to RMB1,468,516,000 was       (ii)     Understood, evaluated and validated
recognised in the current year.                                     management’s key controls in relation to the
                                                                    goodwill impairment.
For the purposes of goodwill impairment assessment,
management assessed the impairment of goodwill             (iii)    Assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s
by determining the recoverable amounts of the cash-                 identification of the CGU and allocation of goodwill
generated-units (“CGU”) based on higher of fair value               based on the Group’s accounting policies and our
less costs of disposal and value in use. The goodwill               understanding of the Group’s business.
impairment assessment calculation requires the
Group to forecast the future cash flows expected to        (iv)     Assessed the competency, capabilities and
arise from the CGU based on the financial budgets                   objectivity of the external valuer engaged by
approved by management. Management has engaged                      management.
an independent qualified valuer to assist them in the
goodwill impairment assessment.                            (v)      Obtained management’s assessment on goodwill
                                                                    impairment and assess the appropriateness of the
Significant judgments and estimates were involved in                model and methodology adopted by management
the goodwill impairment assessment. These significant               to perform goodwill impairment assessment and
judgments and estimates include the adoption of                     the discount rates used by management, with the
appropriate model and methodology to perform goodwill               involvement of our in-house valuation experts.
impairment assessment and the use of key assumptions
in the value-in-use calculation, which primarily include   (vi)     Challenged and assessed the reasonableness
annual revenue growth rates, gross profit margins,                  of the key assumptions used in the goodwill
EBITDA margins, terminal growth rate and discount                   impairment assessment. For the annual revenue
rates. The judgments and estimates are subject to                   growth rates, gross profit margins and EBITDA
high degree of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk            margins, we compared them with the relevant
in relation to the goodwill impairment assessment is                historical data of these companies and market
considered significant due to uncertainty of significant            data, where applicable; for the terminal growth
assumptions used.                                                   rate, we assessed it with reference to the long-term
                                                                    expected inflation rate based on our independent
We consider this area a key audit matter due to the                 research.
significance of the goodwill balance and the significant
judgments and estimates made by management in the          (vii)    Performed a retrospective review by comparing
goodwill impairment assessment, which in turn led to                the prior year’s cash flow forecasts with the current
high degree of auditor judgment and significant audit               year’s results to assess the reliability and historical
effort in evaluating the audit evidence related to the              accuracy of management’s forecasting process.
goodwill impairment assessment.
                                                           (viii)   Evaluated the reasonableness of the sensitivity
                                                                    analysis performed by management on the
                                                                    key assumptions to understand the impact of
                                                                    reasonable changes in assumptions on the
                                                                    recoverable amount.

                                                           (ix)     Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                                    calculations of the goodwill impairment assessment.

                                                           We found that the significant judgments and estimates
                                                           involved in the goodwill impairment assessment were
                                                           supportable by available evidences.


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      103
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Other Information
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
      information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
      thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
      form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
      are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

      Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
      true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
      consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
      continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
      alternative but to do so.

      The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
      free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
      We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
      accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but
      is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when
      it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
      could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
      financial statements.




104   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
      omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
      exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
      financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
      the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
      the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
      a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
      direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Lam Sung Wan.



PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 27 March 2024


                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       105
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                      Note     RMB’000          RMB’000

       Revenue                                                         5      42,611,511      41,366,573
       Cost of providing services                                      8     (32,602,076)    (30,099,530)
       Cost of sales of goods                                          8      (1,277,488)      (1,009,577)

       Gross profit                                                            8,731,947     10,257,466
       Selling and marketing expenses                                 8         (342,140)       (437,721)
       General and administrative expenses                            8       (3,866,360)     (4,270,325)
       Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets             17      (1,475,999)     (1,770,415)
       Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets          8      (2,593,799)       (679,180)
       Other income                                                   6          477,363         537,678
       Other gains/(losses) — net                                     7          161,378        (114,158)

       Operating profit                                                       1,092,390       3,523,345
       Finance income                                                 10        271,998          142,695
       Finance costs                                                  10       (233,817)        (214,827)
       Finance income/(costs) — net                                   10         38,181          (72,132)
       Share of results of investments accounted
          for using the equity method                                 19         (50,921)         34,425

       Profit before income tax                                               1,079,650        3,485,638
       Income tax expense                                             11       (562,939)      (1,224,302)

       Profit for the year                                                      516,711       2,261,336

       Profit attributable to:
         — Owners of the Company                                                292,335       1,943,422
         — Non-controlling interests                                            224,376         317,914

                                                                                516,711       2,261,336

       Other comprehensive income
       Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
          — Currency translation differences                          28         (15,970)        (22,727)
       Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
          — Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                     28        173,446         190,828

       Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                157,476         168,101

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                  674,187       2,429,437

       Total comprehensive income attributable to:
         — Owners of the Company                                                449,811       2,114,475
         — Non-controlling interests                                            224,376         314,962

                                                                                674,187       2,429,437




106   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
               Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income



                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                Note               2023            2022


 Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners
   of the Company (expressed in RMB cents per share)
   — Basic                                                       12                 8.69              57.68
   — Diluted                                                     12                 8.69              57.68

The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   107
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                           Note    RMB’000         RMB’000


       ASSETS
       Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                       14      1,656,964      1,477,517
       Other right-of-use assets                                           15        425,737        214,389
       Investment properties                                               16      1,305,002      1,989,667
       Intangible assets                                                   17     23,927,309     25,953,361
       Investments accounted for using the equity method                   19        600,367        644,815
       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   21      4,317,978      4,151,610
       Contract assets                                                     22         71,405        427,725
       Trade and other receivables                                         24        162,435        246,603
       Deferred income tax assets                                          32        907,500        314,715


                                                                                  33,374,697     35,420,402


       Current assets
       Inventories                                                         23        516,265        270,758
       Trade and other receivables                                         24     21,606,111     22,146,142
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               25        807,724        862,822
       Restricted bank deposits                                            26        302,090        161,002
       Cash and cash equivalents                                           26     12,637,187     11,215,770


                                                                                  35,869,377     34,656,494


       Total assets                                                               69,244,074     70,076,896




108   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position



                                                                                          At 31 December
                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                      Note               RMB’000         RMB’000


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital and share premium                                       27            27,066,858            27,329,914
 Other reserves                                                        28               924,309               812,916
 Retained earnings                                                     29             8,164,706             9,313,601


                                                                                     36,155,873            37,456,431

 Non-controlling interests                                                               2,626,204          2,452,569


 Total equity                                                                        38,782,077            39,909,000


 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Bank and other borrowings                                             33                  840,751          1,015,929
 Lease liabilities                                                     15                1,353,427          2,053,781
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                       32                1,884,304          2,104,015


                                                                                         4,078,482          5,173,725


 Current liabilities
 Contract liabilities                                                  5              7,591,490             5,981,946
 Trade and other payables                                              31            17,436,240            16,865,118
 Current income tax liabilities                                                         462,736               697,069
 Bank and other borrowings                                             33               728,797             1,237,636
 Lease liabilities                                                     15               164,252               212,402


                                                                                     26,383,515            24,994,171


 Total liabilities                                                                   30,461,997            30,167,896


 Total equity and liabilities                                                        69,244,074            70,076,896

The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

The financial statements on pages 106 to 206 were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2024 and were
signed on its behalf.




                                    Director                                  Director
                                   Xu Binhuai                                Xiao Hua




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023   109
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                     Share capital                                                          Non-
                                                                        and share          Other       Retained                       controlling
                                                                         premium        reserves       earnings            Total        interests    Total equity
                                                             Note        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

       Balance at 1 January 2022                                       27,202,614        468,640       8,515,620        36,186,874     2,186,619      38,373,493
       Comprehensive income
       Profit for the year                                                      —             —        1,943,422         1,943,422       317,914       2,261,336
       Other comprehensive income                                               —        171,053              —            171,053         (2,952)       168,101

       Total comprehensive income for the year
         ended 31 December 2022                                                 —        171,053       1,943,422         2,114,475       314,962       2,429,437

       Transactions with owners of the Company
       Consideration issue                                                  58,846             —              —             58,846             —           58,846
       Issuance of shares as a result of scrip dividend                   147,860              —              —           147,860              —         147,860
       Buy-back of shares                                                  (82,050)            —              —            (82,050)            —          (82,050)
       Employee share schemes
          — value of employee services                                         —           55,464             —             55,464            —           55,464
          — exercise of options                                             2,644            (769)            —              1,875            —            1,875
       Capital injection from non-controlling interests                        —               —              —                 —         30,666          30,666
       Transactions with non-controlling interests                             —          (17,835)            —            (17,835)      (14,315)        (32,150)
       Non-controlling interests arising from business
          combinations                                                          —             —               —                 —         17,353          17,353
       Appropriation of statutory reserves                                      —        137,751        (137,751)               —             —               —
       Disposals of subsidiaries                                                —             —               —                 —          5,705           5,705
       Disposals of financial assets at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                                            —          (1,388)         1,388                —             —               —
       Dividends                                                                —              —      (1,009,078)       (1,009,078)      (88,421)     (1,097,499)

       Total transactions with owners                                     127,300        173,223      (1,145,441)         (844,918)      (49,012)       (893,930)

       Balance at 31 December 2022                                     27,329,914        812,916       9,313,601        37,456,431     2,452,569      39,909,000

       Balance at 1 January 2023                                       27,329,914        812,916       9,313,601        37,456,431     2,452,569      39,909,000
       Comprehensive income
       Profit for the year                                                      —             —         292,335           292,335        224,376         516,711
       Other comprehensive income                                               —        157,476             —            157,476             —          157,476

       Total comprehensive income for the year
         ended 31 December 2023                                                 —        157,476        292,335           449,811        224,376         674,187

       Transactions with owners of the Company
       Buy-back of shares                                    27(a)       (266,603)             —              —           (266,603)            —        (266,603)
       Consideration issue                                   27(b)          3,547              —              —              3,547             —           3,547
       Employee share schemes
         — value of employee services                         9                 —       (202,649)             —           (202,649)           —         (202,649)
       Capital injection from non-controlling interests                         —             —               —                 —         11,845          11,845
       Transactions with non-controlling interests                              —        (29,523)             —            (29,523)       71,679          42,156
       Appropriation of statutory reserves                                      —        131,534        (131,534)               —             —               —
       Disposals of subsidiaries                              36                —             —               —                 —        (40,368)        (40,368)
       Disposals of financial assets at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                           28                —         54,555         (54,555)               —             —               —
       Dividends                                              13                —             —       (1,255,141)       (1,255,141)      (93,897)     (1,349,038)

       Total transactions with owners                                    (263,056)       (46,083)     (1,441,230)       (1,750,369)      (50,741)     (1,801,110)

       Balance at 31 December 2023                                     27,066,858        924,309       8,164,706        36,155,873     2,626,204      38,782,077

      The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



110   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                  CASH FLOWS
                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                     Note      RMB’000          RMB’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                       34(a)     6,242,833            5,198,208
Income tax paid                                                               (1,628,042)          (1,876,916)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                  4,614,791            3,321,292


Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                        —              (638,263)
Settlement of outstanding considerations payable for
   business combinations in prior years                                        (329,585)             (286,917)
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from disposals of subsidiaries              36        (28,750)                5,717
Dividends received from investment accounted for
   using the equity method                                            19          8,227                20,035
Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                         6         166,944              120,265
Payments for investments accounted for using
   the equity method                                                             (14,700)              (70,764)
Payments for property, plant and equipment                            14        (690,113)            (684,128)
Payments for investment properties                                                    —                  (6,344)
Payments for intangible assets                                                  (250,577)            (211,463)
Payments for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     3      (2,526,000)          (7,393,310)
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment             34(c)        68,271              224,810
Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets                          17             546                  9,332
Proceeds from disposals of investment properties                      16          33,230                     —
Proceeds from disposals of investments accounted for
   using the equity method                                                            —                88,078
Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                     3       2,584,572            9,908,052
Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                    51,834                38,512
Repayment of loans from third parties                                           300,000                    —
Loans to third parties                                                               —               (510,849)
Interest received                                                     10        271,998               142,695


Net cash (used in)/generated from in investing activities                      (354,103)             755,458




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023     111
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows



                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                          Note            RMB’000          RMB’000


       Cash flows from financing activities
       Redemption of convertible bonds                                                            —           (4,279,781)
       Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                            34(d)              826,470           1,632,167
       Issuance of shares pursuant to share option scheme                                         —                 1,875
       Buy-back of shares                                                 27(a)             (266,603)             (82,050)
       Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                       11,845               30,666
       Transactions with non-controlling interests                                           (26,498)             (11,844)
       Principal elements of lease payments                                                 (244,364)           (150,844)
       Repayments of bank and other borrowings                            34(d)           (1,510,487)           (501,140)
       Interest paid on leases                                                              (132,277)             (89,939)
       Interest paid on bank and other borrowings                       10, 34(d)            (92,056)             (70,482)
       Dividends paid to owners of the Company                             13             (1,255,141)           (861,218)
       Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                          (105,201)             (27,954)


       Net cash used in financing activities                                              (2,794,312)         (4,410,544)


       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                               1,466,376            (333,794)
       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                11,215,770          11,618,619
       Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                        (44,959)             (69,055)


       Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                      12,637,187          11,215,770

      The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




112   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1   General information
    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on
    24 January 2018 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (Cap. 22, Law 3 of 1961 as
    consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.

    The address of the Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman,
    KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

    The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally
    engaged in provision of property management services, community value-added services, value-added services
    to non-property owners, heat supply services, city services and commercial operational services in the People’s
    Republic of China (the “PRC”).

    The Company’s shares (the “Shares”) are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
    Exchange”).

    These consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”),
    unless otherwise stated. These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of
    Directors on 27 March 2024.

2   Basis of preparation
    (a)   Compliance with HKFRS and the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance

          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
          Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
          Ordinance Cap. 622.

          HKFRS comprise the following authoritative literature:

          •     HKFRS

          •     Hong Kong Accounting Standards

          •     Interpretations developed by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
          accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgments in the process of applying the
          Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgments or complexity, or areas where
          assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 4.

    (b)   Historical cost convention

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
          the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), financial assets
          at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) and financial liabilities at FVPL, which are carried at fair value.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023       113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      2     Basis of preparation (Continued)
            (c)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group

                  The Group has applied the following new and amended standards for its annual reporting period commencing
                  1 January 2023:

                  •       HKFRS 17 Insurance contracts

                  •       Definition of accounting estimates — Amendments to HKAS 8

                  •       International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules — amendments to HKAS 12

                  •       Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction — Amendments to
                          HKAS 12

                  •       Disclosure of accounting policies — Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2

                  The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are
                  not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.

            (d)   New and amended standards and interpretations not yet adopted:

                  Certain amendments to accounting standards and interpretation have been published that are not mandatory
                  for 31 December 2023 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group. These amendments
                  are not expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current or future reporting periods and on
                  foreseeable future transactions.

                                                                                                                Effective for
                                                                                                             annual periods
                                                                                                        beginning on or after


                      Amendments to HKAS 1                Classification of liabilities as current or         1 January 2024
                                                            non-current
                      Amendments to HKAS 1                Non-current liabilities with covenants              1 January 2024
                      Amendments to HKFRS 16              Lease liability in a sale and leaseback             1 January 2024
                      Amendments to HKAS 7 and            Supplier finance arrangements                       1 January 2024
                        HKFRS 7
                      Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)   Presentation of financial statements —              1 January 2024
                                                            classification by the borrower of a term
                                                            loan that contains a repayment on
                                                            demand clause
                      Amendments to HKAS 21               Lack of exchangeability                             1 January 2025
                      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and          Sale or contribution of assets between            To be determined
                       HKAS 28                              an investor and its associate or joint
                                                            venture




114   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3   Financial risk management
    3.1   Financial risk factors

          The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: mainly credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign exchange
          risk and cash flow and fair value interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses
          on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s
          financial performance.

          3.1.1 Credit risk

                The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade and other receivables, contract assets and
                cash deposits at banks. The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, contract assets and cash
                and cash equivalents and restricted cash represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in
                relation to financial assets.

                The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash deposits at banks since
                they are substantially deposited at state-owned banks and other medium or large-sized listed banks.
                Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these
                counterparties.

                For trade receivables and contract assets, apart from certain receivables due from property developers,
                which were faced with liquidity pressures, the Group has large number of customers and there was no
                concentration of credit risk. The Group has monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is
                taken to recover overdue debts.

                The credit risks of other receivables are managed through an internal process. The credit quality of each
                counterparty is investigated before credit is granted. The Group also actively monitors the outstanding
                amounts owed by each debtor and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to reduce the
                risk of a credit related loss. The Group reviews the recoverable amount of these receivables at the end
                of each reporting period.

                The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has
                been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess
                whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a default occurring
                on the asset at the reporting date with the risk of default at the date of initial recognition. It considers
                available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the following indicators
                are incorporated:

                •     internal credit rating;

                •     external credit rating;

                •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                      are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations;

                •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of individual property owner or the
                      borrower;

                •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the individual property owner or
                      the same borrower; and

                •     significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower, including changes
                      in the payment status of borrowers in the Group and changes in the operating results of the
                      borrower.


                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      3     Financial risk management (Continued)
            3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

                  3.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

                        (a)   Trade receivables and contract assets

                              The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by
                              HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for trade receivables and
                              contract assets.

                              As at 31 December 2023, the Group considers there has been a significant increase in credit
                              risk on trade receivables due from certain related parties and third-party customers with gross
                              amounts of RMB2,757,874,000 and RMB1,409,693,000, respectively. Regarding those trade
                              receivables, management of the Group evaluated the distribution of expected cash flows under
                              multiple scenarios based on historical credit loss experience, business model, current situations
                              and forecasts of future conditions of contract counterparties under different scenarios, and made
                              corresponding allowances according to expected credit losses rate and the related probability
                              weight under different scenarios. Allowances amounting to RMB2,198,613,000 (31 December
                              2022: nil) and RMB526,688,000 (31 December 2022: RMB275,757,000) were made against the
                              gross amounts of trade receivables from related parties and third-party customers, respectively.

                              The expected loss rates for the remaining balances are based on the payment profiles of sales
                              over a period of 5 years before 31 December 2023 and the corresponding historical credit
                              losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and
                              forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to
                              settle the receivables. The Group has identified the gross domestic product and china consumer
                              price index to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based
                              on expected changes in these factors.

                              The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk
                              characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore
                              concluded that the expected loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of
                              the loss rates for the contract assets. As at 31 December 2023, the Group has assessed that
                              the expected credit losses for contract assets was immaterial and therefore, no loss allowance
                              provision for contract assets was recognised as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: nil).




116   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3   Financial risk management (Continued)
    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          3.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

               (a)   Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                     The loss allowance provision for the remaining balances was determined as follows:

                                                    Up to 1      1 to 2    2 to 3     3 to 4        4 to 5      Over 5
                                                      year       years     years      years         years        years       Total


                      Trade receivables
                      At 31 December 2023
                      Expected loss rate              0.5%        3.2%     16.2%      36.0%         50.6%        100%
                      Gross carrying amount
                         (RMB’000)               10,946,894   3,263,342   559,911    228,725       64,834       40,625 15,104,331
                      Loss allowance provision
                         (RMB’000)                  57,805     102,993     90,703     82,445       32,811       40,625     407,382


                                                    Up to 1      1 to 2     2 to 3     3 to 4       4 to 5      Over 5
                                                       year      years      years      years        years        years       Total


                      Trade receivables
                      At 31 December 2022
                      Expected loss rate              0.8%        5.5%     27.5%      45.7%         63.7%        100%
                      Gross carrying amount
                         (RMB’000)               10,826,522   1,699,600   270,136     66,462       24,051       24,892 12,911,663
                      Loss allowance provision
                         (RMB’000)                  84,259      93,199     74,195     30,373       15,323       24,892     322,241

                     The loss allowance provision for trade receivables reconciles to the opening loss allowance for
                     that provision as follows:

                                                                                                   2023                     2022
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


                      At 1 January                                                               597,998                 280,150
                      Provision for loss allowance recognised
                        in profit or loss                                                   2,707,741                    413,988
                      Receivables written off as uncollectable                               (173,056)                    (96,140)


                      At 31 December                                                        3,132,683                    597,998

                     As at 31 December 2023, the gross carrying amount of trade receivables was
                     RMB19,511,185,000 (2022: RMB15,956,120,000) and thus the maximum exposure to loss was
                     RMB16,378,502,000 (2022: RMB15,358,122,000).




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023      117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      3     Financial risk management (Continued)
            3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

                  3.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

                        (b)   Other receivables (excluding prepayments)

                              Other receivables (excluding prepayments) mainly included payments on behalf of property
                              owners, deposits, loans to third parties pledged by equities, receivables from finance leases
                              and others. The following table presents the credit risk exposure of other receivables (excluding
                              prepayments). Without considering guarantee or any other credit enhancement measures, the
                              maximum credit risk exposure of other receivables (excluding prepayments) is presented as the
                              gross carrying amount.

                                                                                     At 31 December 2023                     At 31 December 2022
                                                                                Gross                       Loss        Gross                         Loss
                                                                              carrying     Expected allowance         carrying      Expected     allowance
                                                                              amount        loss rate   provision     amount         loss rate    provision
                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000      RMB’000                     RMB’000

                                Stage 1
                                Deposits                                      486,340         0.8%         3,918    1,079,519          0.9%         10,100
                                Payments on behalf of property owners         913,437         0.6%         5,039      766,890          0.6%          4,844
                                Loans to third parties pledged by equities     84,011         0.3%           280      593,660          4.1%         24,333
                                Receivables from finance leases               228,751            —            —       260,869             —             —
                                Others                                        859,323         0.6%         5,391      602,233          1.5%          8,966

                                                                             2,571,862                    14,628    3,303,171                       48,243

                                Stage 3
                                Loans to third parties pledged by equities   1,100,000       18.7%       205,507    2,100,000         13.6%        285,834
                                Others                                         353,437           —            —       372,447             —             —

                                                                             1,453,437                   205,507    2,472,447                      285,834

                                                                             4,025,299                   220,135    5,775,618                      334,077

                              The loss allowance provision for other receivables (excluding prepayments) reconciles to the
                              opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                                                       2023                      2022
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000


                                At 1 January                                                                         334,077                     68,885
                                Provision for loss allowance (reversed)/recognised
                                  in profit or loss                                                                 (113,942)                  265,192

                                At 31 December                                                                       220,135                   334,077

                              As at 31 December 2023, the gross carrying amount of other receivables (excluding prepayments)
                              was RMB4,025,299,000 (2022: RMB5,775,618,000) and thus the maximum exposure to loss
                              was RMB3,805,164,000 (2022: RMB5,441,541,000).


118   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3   Financial risk management (Continued)
    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          3.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

               (c)    Financial guarantee

                      As at 31 December 2023, the Group has assessed that the expected credit losses for the
                      financial guarantee and accordingly made a provision of RMB6,598,000 (2022: Same) (note 40).

          3.1.2 Liquidity risk

               To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
               deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
               fluctuations in cash flows.

               The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on
               the remaining period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
               contractual undiscounted cash flows and include interest, if applicable.

                                                    Less than 1      1 to 2      2 to 5       Over 5
                                                           year      years       years         years      Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


                 At 31 December 2023
                 Trade and other payables
                    (excluding payroll payables,
                    contingent considerations for
                    business combinations and
                    other taxes payables)            13,246,030          —           —            —    13,246,030
                 Lease liabilities                      237,538     206,724     549,688    1,071,233    2,065,183
                 Bank and other borrowings              786,996      92,996     340,798      467,574    1,688,364


                 Total                               14,270,564     299,720     890,486    1,538,807   16,999,577


                 At 31 December 2022
                 Trade and other payables
                    (excluding payroll payables,
                    contingent considerations for
                    business combinations and
                    other taxes payables)            12,761,880          —           —            —    12,761,880
                 Lease liabilities                      322,797     264,396     666,318    1,992,792    3,246,303
                 Bank and other borrowings            1,259,631      71,993     136,391      902,437    2,370,452


                 Total                               14,344,308     336,389     802,709    2,895,229   18,378,635




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023     119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      3     Financial risk management (Continued)
            3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

                  3.1.3 Foreign exchange risk

                        The Group’s businesses are principally conducted in RMB. The majority of its assets is denominated
                        in RMB. The majority of its non-RMB assets are bank deposits denominated in Hong Kong Dollar
                        (“HKD”). The Group is subject to foreign exchange risk arising from future commercial transactions and
                        recognised assets which are denominated in non-RMB and net investment in foreign operations.

                        The aggregated carrying amount of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets of the Group at
                        the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                         31 December           31 December
                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


                         Assets
                         HKD                                                                   195,269              104,259
                         Other currencies                                                      128,867               89,679


                                                                                               324,136              193,938

                        The following table shows the sensitivity analysis of a 5% change in RMB against the HKD. The
                        sensitivity analysis includes only foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their
                        translation at the year-end for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. Should RMB strengthened/
                        weakened by 5% against the HKD, the effects on the profit or loss for the year would be as follows:

                                                                                           Change of profit or loss —
                                                                                             increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


                         RMB against HKD:
                         Strengthened by 5%                                                      (9,763)              (5,213)
                         Weakened by 5%                                                           9,763                5,213




120   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3   Financial risk management (Continued)
    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          3.1.4 Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                The Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly attributable to its borrowings, details of
                which have been disclosed in note 33. Borrowings carried at floating rates expose the Group to cash
                flow interest-rate risk whereas those carried at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest-rate
                risk.

                The Group currently does not use any interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk.
                However, the Group will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

                The exposure of the Group’s borrowings (note 33) to interest rate changes and the contractual re-
                pricing dates of the borrowings at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                      2023                              2022
                                                                             % of total                         % of total
                                                             RMB’000             loans         RMB’000             loans


                 Variable rate borrowings                      368,352             23%          363,550              16%
                 Fixed rate borrowings — repricing
                    or maturity dates:
                    Less than 1 year                           728,797             46%        1,237,636              55%
                    1—5 years                                  340,525             23%          114,871               5%
                    Over 5 years                               131,874              8%          537,508              24%


                                                             1,569,548            100%        2,253,565             100%

                As at 31 December 2023, borrowings of the Group which were bearing at floating rates amounted to
                approximately RMB368,352,000 (2022: RMB363,550,000). As at 31 December 2023, if the interest
                rates had been 50 basis point higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s
                post-tax profit for the years ended 31 December 2023 would have been approximately RMB1,381,000
                (2022: RMB1,817,000) lower/higher.

    3.2   Capital management

          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
          concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
          optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

          In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
          shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

          The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
          total capital. Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital
          is calculated as ‘equity’ as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position plus net debt.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group has a net cash position.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      3     Financial risk management (Continued)
            3.3   Fair value estimation

                  3.3.1 Fair value hierarchy

                        The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by level of the inputs to
                        valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as follows:

                        •       Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

                        •       Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                                either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

                        •       Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                                inputs) (level 3).

                                                                         Level 1           Level 2          Level 3             Total
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000


                            At 31 December 2023
                            Financial assets
                            Financial assets at FVPL                           —                  —          807,724            807,724
                            Financial assets at FVOCI                      15,573                 —        4,302,405          4,317,978


                            Total financial assets                         15,573                 —        5,110,129          5,125,702


                            Financial liabilities
                            Financial liabilities at FVPL (note 31)              —                —          214,683           214,683


                                                                          Level 1          Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


                            At 31 December 2022
                            Financial assets
                            Financial assets at FVPL                           —                  —          862,822            862,822
                            Financial assets at FVOCI                      29,225                 —        4,122,385          4,151,610


                            Total financial assets                         29,225                 —        4,985,207          5,014,432


                            Financial liabilities
                            Financial liabilities at FVPL                        —                —          269,361           269,361




122   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3   Financial risk management (Continued)
    3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

          3.3.2 Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)

               The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31 December 2023:

                                                                       Financial          Financial
                                                                       assets at          assets at
                                                                           FVPL              FVOCI
                                                                       (note 25)          (note 21)            Total
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


                Opening balance at 1 January 2023                        862,822          4,122,385          4,985,207
                Additions                                              2,526,000                 —           2,526,000
                Disposals                                             (2,584,572)           (32,026)        (2,616,598)
                Fair value changes                                         3,474            212,046            215,520


                Closing balance at 31 December 2023                        807,724        4,302,405         5,110,129

               There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year.

          3.3.3 Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value

               The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs
               used in level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets at FVOCI:

                                   Fair value at                                              Relationship of
                                  31 December                                    Range of     unobservable
                Description                2023     Unobservable inputs            inputs     inputs to fair value
                                       RMB’000


                Unlisted equity       4,307,463     Price-to-earnings ratio      12.6-22.8    The higher the price-
                  securities                                                                    to-earnings ratio, the
                                                                                                higher the fair value

                                                    Price-to-sales ratio                1.3   The higher the price-to-
                                                                                                sales ratio, the higher
                                                                                                the fair value




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023   123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      4     Critical accounting estimates and judgments
            The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will,
            by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk
            of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
            discussed below.

            (a)   Expected credit losses on receivables

                  The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss
                  rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
                  calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates
                  at the end of each reporting period.

                  Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying amount
                  of trade and other receivables and the related loss allowances in the period in which such estimate is
                  changed. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see note 3.1.1 above.

            (b)   Current tax and deferred tax

                  The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. Judgment is required in determining the provision for
                  income taxes. There are some transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is
                  uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different
                  from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and provisions in
                  the period in which such determination is made.

                  Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised when
                  management considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary
                  differences or tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual utilisation may be different.

            (c)   Goodwill impairment assessment

                  For the purposes of goodwill impairment assessment, management considered each of the acquired
                  companies a separate group of CGU and goodwill has been allocated to each of the acquired companies
                  accordingly. Management assessed the impairment of goodwill by determining the recoverable amounts
                  of the CGU based on higher of fair value less costs of disposal (“FVLCOD”) and value in use. The goodwill
                  impairment assessment calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by
                  management covering a five-year period. Significant judgments and estimates were involved in the goodwill
                  impairment assessment. These significant judgments and estimates include the adoption of appropriate
                  valuation model and methodology and the use of key assumptions in the valuation, which primarily include
                  annual revenue growth rates, gross profit margins, EBITDA margins, terminal growth rate and discount rates.
                  See note 17 for more details.




124   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5   Revenue and segment information
    Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief operating
    decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of
    the operating segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company.

    The Group was principally engaged in the provision of property management services, community value-
    added services, value-added services to non-property owners, water, electricity and heat supplies and property
    management services under the state-owned enterprises separation and reform program (hereinafter referred to
    as “Three Supplies and Property Management”), city services and commercial operational services in the PRC.
    The CODM of the Company regarded that there were four operating segments which were used to make strategic
    decisions:

    —    Property management and related services other than Three Supplies and Property Management businesses,
         which include property management services, community value-added services and value-added services to
         non-property owners;

    —    Three Supplies and Property Management businesses;

    —    City services business, which include sanitation, cleaning and sewage and waste treatment business; and

    —    Commercial operational services business.

    The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of operating profit,
    adjusted by excluding realised and unrealised gains from financial assets at FVPL, and including share of results of
    investments accounted for using the equity method.

    Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, other right-of-use assets, investment
    properties, intangible assets, investments accounted for using the equity method, contract assets, inventories,
    receivables, and operating cash. They exclude deferred income tax assets, financial assets at FVOCI and financial
    assets at FVPL. Segment liabilities consist primarily of operating liabilities. They exclude current and deferred
    income tax liabilities and bank and other borrowings.

    Capital expenditure comprises additions to property, plant and equipment, other right-of-use assets, investment
    properties and intangible assets, excluding those arising from business combinations.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023       125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      5     Revenue and segment information (Continued)
            Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from provision of property management services, community value-
            added services, value-added services to non-property owners, heat supply services, city services and commercial
            operational services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the years ended 31 December 2023 and
            2022 was as follows:

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2023            2022
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


             Revenue from property management and related services other
              than Three Supplies and Property Management businesses
              — Property management services                                               24,698,514          22,855,603
              — Community value-added services                                              3,752,870           4,017,481
              — Value-added services to non-property owners                                 1,553,399           2,664,714
              — Other services                                                                190,490             153,650


                                                                                           30,195,273          29,691,448


             Revenue from Three Supplies and Property Management
              businesses
              — Property management and other related services                              4,992,205           4,117,791
              — Heat supply services                                                        1,527,985           1,435,333


                                                                                            6,520,190           5,553,124


             Revenue from city services business                                            4,883,630           4,836,881


             Revenue from commercial operational services business                          1,012,418           1,285,120


                                                                                           42,611,511          41,366,573

            The Group has a large number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue
            during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

            Sales between segments are carried out on terms agreed upon by the respective segments’ management.

            Nearly 100% of the Group’s revenue is attributable to the markets in Mainland China and nearly 100% of the
            Group’s non-current assets are located in Mainland China. No geographical information is therefore presented.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately
            10.8% (2022: 8.6%) of the total revenue while the largest customer of the Group accounted for approximately 6.8%
            (2022: 7.2%) of the total revenue.

            As at 31 December 2023, the five largest mentioned above customers of the Group accounted for approximately
            18.2% (2022: 10.8%) of the total trade receivables while the largest customer mentioned above of the Group
            accounted for approximately 14.1% (2022: 8.9%) of the total trade receivables.




126   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)
    (a)   Contract liabilities

          The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                                            At 31 December
                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


            Contract liabilities
            Property management services                                                  6,119,206          4,545,760
            Community value-added services                                                  440,569            506,306
            Value-added services to non-property owners                                      65,084            144,474
            Three Supplies and Property Management
              — Property management and other related services                              170,376            169,430
              — Heat supply services                                                        647,074            492,892
            City services                                                                    19,697             10,242
            Commercial operational services                                                 129,484            112,842


                                                                                          7,591,490          5,981,946

          (i)    Significant changes in contract liabilities

                 Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while the
                 underlying services are yet to be provided. Such liabilities increased as a result of the growth of the
                 Group’s business during the year.

          (ii)   Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities

                 The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to brought-
                 forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


                  Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
                    liability balance at the beginning of the year
                    Property management services                                          4,344,228          3,377,579
                    Community value-added services                                          506,306            468,807
                    Value-added services to non-property owners                             144,474              9,864
                    Three Supplies and Property Management
                       — Property management and other related services                     166,042            100,076
                       — Heat supply services                                               492,892            392,157
                    City services                                                            10,242              6,239
                    Commercial operational services                                         112,842             77,327


                                                                                          5,777,026          4,432,049




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      5     Revenue and segment information (Continued)
            (a)   Contract liabilities (Continued)

                  (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations

                          For property management services, value-added services to non-property owners, heat supply
                          services, city services and commercial operational services, the Group recognises revenue in the
                          amount that equals to the right to invoice which corresponds directly with the value to the customer of
                          the Group’s performance to date, on a monthly basis. The Group has elected the practical expedient
                          for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these type of contracts. The majority
                          of the property management service, heat supply service, city services and commercial operational
                          services contracts do not have a fixed term. The term of the contracts for value-added services to non-
                          property owners is generally set to expire when the counterparties notify the Group that the services are
                          no longer required.

                          For community value-added services, they are rendered in short period of time and there is immaterial
                          unsatisfied performance obligation at the end of respective periods.

                  (iv)    Assets recognised from incremental costs to obtain a contract

                          During the year ended 31 December 2023, there were no incremental costs to obtain a contract (2022:
                          nil).

            (b)   Segment information

                  The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                  Property
                                                             management
                                                               and related
                                                            services other
                                                               than Three            Three
                                                             Supplies and         Supplies                   Commercial
                                                                  Property    and Property   City services    operational
                                                             Management       Management         business       services           Total
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000

                    Revenue from contracts with customers      30,224,898        6,520,190      4,989,336           723,171     42,457,595
                    Recognised over time                       29,152,688        5,836,604      4,824,286           700,278     40,513,856
                    Recognised at a point time                  1,072,210          683,586        165,050            22,893      1,943,739

                    Revenue from other source                           —               —              —            294,510       294,510
                    Rental income                                       —               —              —            294,510       294,510


                    Total segment revenue                      30,224,898        6,520,190      4,989,336          1,017,681    42,752,105

                    Less: inter-segment revenue                    (29,625)             —        (105,706)            (5,263)     (140,594)

                    Revenue from external customers            30,195,273        6,520,190      4,883,630          1,012,418    42,611,511

                    Segment results                                94,502           87,690        771,737            84,066      1,037,995

128   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)
    (b)   Segment information (Continued)

          The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2023 is as follows:
          (Continued)

                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                             Property
                                                        management
                                                          and related
                                                       services other
                                                          than Three
                                                        Supplies and Three Supplies                     Commercial
                                                             Property  and Property   City services      operational
                                                        Management    Management          business         services        Total
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


           Share of results of investments accounted
             for using the equity method                     (65,697)        13,754          1,182              (160)      (50,921)
           Depreciation and amortisation charges           1,282,531        128,257        344,169           170,062     1,925,019
           Net impairment losses on financial and
             contract assets                               2,425,810          6,483          7,324           154,182     2,593,799
           Impairment of goodwill and
             other intangible assets                       1,064,022             —         411,977                —      1,475,999
           Capital expenditure                               943,224        397,922        599,284           374,982     2,315,412


                                                                                  At 31 December 2023
                                                             Property
                                                        management
                                                          and related
                                                       services other
                                                          than Three
                                                        Supplies and Three Supplies                     Commercial
                                                             Property  and Property   City services      operational
                                                        Management    Management          business         services        Total
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


           Segment assets                                 51,179,563      3,354,333      6,347,875          2,329,101   63,210,872


           Investments accounted for
              using the equity method                       424,350         155,786         19,981               250      600,367


           Segment liabilities                            19,124,589      3,017,510      2,376,646          2,026,664   26,545,409




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023     129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      5     Revenue and segment information (Continued)
            (b)   Segment information (Continued)

                  The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2022 is as follows:

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 Property
                                                            management
                                                             and related
                                                           services other
                                                              than Three
                                                            Supplies and    Three Supplies                      Commercial
                                                                 Property     and Property     City services     operational
                                                            Management       Management            business        services          Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


                   Revenue from contracts with customers     29,731,761         5,553,124        4,887,437          1,073,836    41,246,158
                   Recognised over time                      29,145,056         5,000,259        4,486,909           983,056     39,615,280
                   Recognised at a point time                   586,705           552,865          400,528            90,780      1,630,878


                   Revenue from other source                          —                —                 —           263,831       263,831
                   Rental income                                      —                —                 —           263,831       263,831


                   Total segment revenue                     29,731,761         5,553,124        4,887,437          1,337,667    41,509,989


                   Less: inter-segment revenue                   (40,313)              —            (50,556)          (52,547)     (143,416)


                   Revenue from external customers           29,691,448         5,553,124        4,836,881          1,285,120    41,366,573


                   Segment results                            2,726,471            57,896          741,147           284,638      3,810,152




130   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)
    (b)   Segment information (Continued)

          The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2022 is as follows:
          (Continued)

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                             Property
                                                        management
                                                         and related
                                                       services other
                                                          than Three
                                                        Supplies and    Three Supplies                         Commercial
                                                             Property     and Property        City services     operational
                                                        Management       Management               business        services        Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


           Share of results of investments accounted
             for using the equity method                     19,496            13,278               1,651              —          34,425
           Depreciation and amortisation charges          1,287,673            81,616             365,965         133,566      1,868,820
           Net impairment losses on financial and
             contract assets                                517,963            46,096             113,898            1,223      679,180
           Impairment of goodwill and
             other intangible assets                      1,770,415                —                   —               —       1,770,415
           Capital expenditure                              618,556           145,437             410,564       1,200,298      2,374,855


                                                                                         At 31 December 2022
                                                             Property
                                                        management
                                                         and related
                                                       services other
                                                          than Three
                                                        Supplies and    Three Supplies                         Commercial
                                                             Property     and Property        City services     operational
                                                        Management       Management               business        services        Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


           Segment assets                                53,218,453         2,763,817           5,525,944       3,239,535     64,747,749


           Investments accounted for
              using the equity method                       477,155           149,438              18,222               —       644,815


           Segment liabilities                           17,830,918         2,509,966           1,905,831       2,866,532     25,113,247




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      5     Revenue and segment information (Continued)
            (b)   Segment information (Continued)

                  A reconciliation of segment results to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


                   Segment results                                                                        1,037,995      3,810,152
                   Realised and unrealised gains/(losses) from
                      financial assets at FVPL (note 7)                                                      3,474        (252,382)
                   Finance income/(costs) — net                                                             38,181          (72,132)


                   Profit before income tax                                                               1,079,650      3,485,638

                  A reconciliation of segment assets to total assets is provided as follows:

                                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


                   Segment assets                                                                        63,210,872     64,747,749
                   Deferred income tax assets                                                               907,500        314,715
                   Financial assets at FVOCI                                                              4,317,978      4,151,610
                   Financial assets at FVPL                                                                 807,724        862,822


                   Total assets                                                                          69,244,074     70,076,896

                  A reconciliation of segment liabilities to total liabilities is provided as follows:

                                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


                   Segment liabilities                                                                   26,545,409     25,113,247
                   Deferred income tax liabilities                                                        1,884,304      2,104,015
                   Current income tax liabilities                                                           462,736        697,069
                   Bank and other borrowings                                                              1,569,548      2,253,565


                   Total liabilities                                                                     30,461,997     30,167,896




132   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)
    (c)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition

          The Group provides property management services, community value-added services, value-added services
          to non-property owners, heat supply services, city services and commercial operational services. Revenue
          from providing services is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered. At contract
          inception, the Group evaluates whether the contracts meet the criteria under HKFRS 15 para 9, especially
          whether it is probable that the Group will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange
          for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. In evaluating whether collectability of an
          amount of consideration is probable, the Group consider the customer’s ability and intention to pay that
          amount of consideration when it is due. If the contract does not meet the criteria at inception, or subsequently
          a customer’s ability to pay the consideration deteriorates significantly and the Group conclude that it is
          not probable that the Group will collect the consideration to which they will be entitled in exchange for the
          remaining goods or services that will be transferred to the customer, the Group recognise the consideration
          received as revenue only if the Group has no remaining obligations to transfer goods or services to the
          customer and all, or substantially all, of the consideration promised by the customer has been received by
          the entity and is non-refundable, or the contract has been terminated and the consideration received from the
          customer is non-refundable. For contract meets such criteria and revenue is recognised, the credit risk of the
          collection is considered in impairment assessment (note 3.1.1).

          For property management services, heat supply services, city services and commercial operational services,
          the Group bills a fixed amount for services provided on a monthly basis and recognises as revenue in the
          amount to which the Group has a right to invoice and that corresponds directly with the value of performance
          completed.

          For property management services income from properties managed under lump sum basis, where the
          Group acts as principal and is primary responsible for providing the property management services to the
          property owners, the Group recognises the fee received or receivable from property owners as its revenue
          and all related property management costs as its cost of sales. For property management services income from
          properties managed under commission basis, the Group recognises the commission, which is calculated by
          certain percentage of the total property management fee received or receivable from the property units, as its
          revenue for arranging and monitoring the services as provided by other suppliers to the property owners.

          Value-added services to non-property owners mainly include consultancy services to property developers
          or other property management companies, cleaning, greening, repair and maintenance services, sales of
          goods, leasing agency services for unsold parking spaces and properties to property developers at the pre-
          delivery stage, and agency sales for parking spaces and unsold properties. The Group agrees the price for
          each service with the customers upfront and issue the monthly bill to the customers which varies based on
          the actual level of service completed in that month.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023       133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      5     Revenue and segment information (Continued)
            (c)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition (Continued)

                  Community value-added services mainly include home living services, home decoration intermediate services,
                  real estate brokerage services, community media services, local life services, community area services,
                  insurance brokerage services and sales of goods. Revenue from sales of goods is recognised at the point
                  in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, generally on the acceptance of the goods
                  by the customer. Revenue from brokerage services is recognised at the point in time when the services are
                  rendered and accepted by the customers. Revenue from the other services is recognised when the related
                  community value-added services are rendered. Payment of the transaction is due immediately when the
                  community value-added services are rendered to the customer.

                  City services mainly include road cleaning services, garbage collection services, waste treatment services
                  and sales of goods. The Group also provides construction services under service concession arrangements.
                  Revenue from the construction services is recognised over time as the Group’s performance creates or
                  enhances an asset or work in progress that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced.

                  Commercial operational services mainly include tenant management, rent collection services and other value-
                  added services. The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood centers, commercial blocks, specialised
                  markets and other projects with full-chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing,
                  operation and planning services, mainly including (i) conducting commercial operation and management
                  of the properties owned by leasing developers or property owners; (ii) providing property market research
                  and positioning services at the investment stage of property developers; (iii) providing market research and
                  positioning, business planning consulting, tenant solicitation and opening preparation services to property
                  developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties; and (iv) providing tenant
                  solicitation, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of property
                  operation.

                  If contracts involve the sale of multiple services, the transaction price will be allocated to each performance
                  obligation based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling prices are not directly
                  observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or adjusted market assessment
                  approach, depending on the availability of observable information.

                  When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the statement of financial
                  position as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the Group’s
                  performance and the customer’s payment.

                  A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has transferred
                  to a customer. Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalised and presented as
                  assets and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.

                  If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional,
                  before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the contract as a contract liability
                  when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A contract liability is the
                  Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or
                  an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. A receivable is recorded when the Group has an
                  unconditional right to consideration. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is
                  required before payment of that consideration is due.




134   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



6   Other income

                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


      Government subsidy income                                                                        233,409                 349,611
      Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI                                                   166,944                 120,265
      Late payment charges                                                                              77,010                  67,802


                                                                                                       477,363                 537,678


7   Other gains/(losses) — net
                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


      Gains/(Losses) on disposals of subsidiaries (note 36)                                             69,257                  (84,955)
      Gains from the change of sublease contracts (a)                                                   50,452                        –
      Gains on early termination of lease contracts (b)                                                 30,882                    2,024
      Net foreign exchange gains                                                                        21,483                   75,384
      Realised and unrealised gains/(losses) from financial assets at FVPL                               3,474                (252,382)
      Gains on disposals of investments accounted for
        using the equity method                                                                               —                 22,401
      (Losses)/gains on disposals of property,
        plant and equipment (note 34(c))                                                               (24,894)                 74,010
      Others                                                                                            10,724                  49,360


                                                                                                       161,378                (114,158)

    (a)   In 2023, the Group signed certain sublease contracts of properties with third parties, and recognised a net gain of RMB50,452,000
          (2022: nil) resulting from the change in receivables from finance leases and the derecognition of right-of-use assets.

    (b)   In 2023, the Group has early terminated certain property lease contracts. Such termination resulted in derecognition of other
          right-of-use assets of RMB13,628,000 (2022: RMB17,181,000) (note 15), investment properties of RMB1,093,747,000
          (2022: nil) (note 16), receivables from finance leases of RMB235,863,000 (2022: nil) and lease liabilities of RMB1,374,120,000
          (2022: RMB19,205,000) (note 34(d)), resulting the gains of early termination of lease contracts recognised in other gains of
          RMB30,882,000 (2022: RMB2,024,000).




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023          135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      8     Expenses by nature
            Expenses included in cost of providing services and sales of goods, selling and marketing expenses, general and
            administrative expenses and net impairment losses on financial and contract assets are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

                  Employee benefit expenses (note 9)                                                      15,384,516             16,172,039
                  Cleaning expenses                                                                        7,062,559              6,144,222
                  Maintenance expenses                                                                     2,667,873              2,307,911
                  Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets                                   2,593,799                679,180
                  Security expenses                                                                        2,137,449              1,803,009
                  Utilities                                                                                2,059,932              1,851,112
                  Depreciation and amortisation charges                                                    1,925,019              1,868,820
                  Heat supply costs                                                                        1,325,298              1,152,653
                  Cost of sales of goods                                                                   1,277,488              1,009,577
                  Greening and gardening expenses                                                            907,164                779,868
                  Rental expenses for short-term and low-value leases                                        433,855                375,233
                  Office and communication expenses                                                          362,654                335,183
                  Travelling and entertainment expenses                                                      349,152                280,130
                  Professional service fees                                                                  309,160                247,341
                  Other labour outsourcing costs (i)                                                         308,193                 89,047
                  Transportation expenses                                                                    251,499                200,780
                  Sales service expenses                                                                     204,801                213,871
                  Other taxes and surcharges                                                                 190,950                188,177
                  Advertising and promotion costs                                                            152,949                127,722
                  Community activities expenses                                                              132,205                 91,192
                  Bank charges                                                                               111,867                 90,310
                  Cost of information technology services                                                    110,466                101,461
                  Employee uniform expenses                                                                   41,782                 24,821
                  Construction costs for infrastructures under
                    service concession arrangements                                                            15,697               121,874
                  Auditor’s remuneration
                    — Annual audit and interim review services                                                 13,850                 14,150
                    — Non audit services                                                                        1,140                  2,040
                      — Tax consulting services                                                                    450                 1,200
                      — Bond offering services                                                                      —                    150
                      — Other services                                                                             690                   690
                  Other expenses                                                                              350,546               224,610

                                                                                                          40,681,863             36,496,333

            (i)       Other labour outsourcing costs excluding labour outsourcing expenses expressed in cleaning expenses, maintenance expenses,
                      and greening and gardening expenses.

      9     Employee benefit expenses
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

                  Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                             13,466,989             14,039,077
                  Housing funds, medical insurances and other social security costs                          816,382                826,383
                  Pension costs — defined contribution plans (a)                                             633,791                641,720
                  Share options granted to directors and employee                                           (202,649)                55,464
                  Other benefits                                                                             670,003                609,395

                                                                                                          15,384,516             16,172,039

136   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



9   Employee benefit expenses (Continued)
    (a)   Pension costs — defined contribution plan

          A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
          fund. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not
          hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior
          periods.

          The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution benefit plans organised by the
          relevant governmental authorities. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have
          been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due. Assets of the
          plans are held and managed by government authorities and are separated from those of the Group.

    (b)   Five highest paid individuals

          The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group included 4 directors for the year
          ended 31 December 2023 (2022: 3 directors), whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in
          note 39. The emoluments payable to the remaining 1 individual (2022: 2 individuals) are as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


           Basic salaries, housing allowances, share options, other
             allowances and benefits in kind                                               1,770               10,502
           Contribution to pension scheme                                                     25                   21


                                                                                           1,795               10,523

          The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2023            2022


           Emolument bands (in HKD)
           1,500,001—2,000,000                                                                 1                    —
           5,500,001—10,000,000                                                                —                    2


                                                                                                1                    2




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      9     Employee benefit expenses (Continued)
            (b)   Five highest paid individuals (Continued)

                  No incentive payment for joining the Group or compensation for loss of office was paid or payable to any of
                  the five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).

      10 Finance income/(costs) — net

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


             Finance income:
             Interest income on bank deposits                                                  271,998             142,695


             Finance costs:
             Interest expense on lease liabilities                                            (141,761)             (89,939)
             Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                     (92,056)             (70,482)
             Borrowing costs of convertible bonds                                                   —               (54,406)


                                                                                              (233,817)           (214,827)


             Finance income/(costs) — net                                                       38,181              (72,132)




138   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



11 Income tax expense

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


    Current income tax
     — Provision for current income tax                                              1,393,709           1,649,304


    Deferred income tax
     — Corporate income tax                                                           (850,770)           (481,763)
     — Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future                    20,000              56,761


                                                                                      (830,770)           (425,002)


                                                                                      562,939            1,224,302

   (a)   Cayman Island income tax

         The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the
         Companies Act of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands income tax.

   (b)   Hong Kong profits tax

         No provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made as the Group did not have any assessable income subject
         to Hong Kong profits tax during the year.

   (c)   PRC corporate income tax

         Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in Mainland China has been calculated at the
         applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the year, based on the existing legislation,
         interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

         The general corporate income tax rate in PRC is 25%. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are either
         located in western cities or autonomous regions or qualified as “High and New Technology Enterprise” or
         “Small and Micro Enterprises” subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15% or 10% in certain years.

   (d)   PRC withholding tax

         According to the applicable PRC tax regulations, dividends distributed by a company established in the
         PRC to a foreign investor with respect to profits derived after 1 January 2008 are generally subject to a
         10% withholding income tax. If a foreign investor incorporated in Hong Kong meets the conditions and
         requirements under the double taxation treaty arrangement entered into between the PRC and Hong
         Kong, the relevant withholding tax rate will be reduced from 10% to 5%. The Company and its intermediate
         subsidiaries incorporated in the BVI and Hong Kong have successfully obtained Hong Kong Tax Resident
         Identity certificates and the applicable withholding tax rate has been reduced to 5% accordingly in 2023 and
         2022.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023    139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      11 Income tax expense (Continued)
            (e)   The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
                  applicable corporate income tax rate of 25%. The difference is analysed as follows:

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


                   Profit before income tax                                                    1,079,650            3,485,638
                   Less: Share of results of investments accounted
                            for using the equity method                                           50,921              (34,425)


                                                                                               1,130,571            3,451,213


                   Tax calculated at applicable corporate income tax
                      rate of 25% (2022: 25%)                                                    282,643              862,803
                   Effects of different tax rates applicable to
                      different subsidiaries of the Group                                        (65,528)            (176,737)
                   Income not subject to tax                                                     (27,546)              (19,844)
                   Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                                 344,728              494,270
                   Unrecognised tax losses                                                         9,622                 5,981
                   Effects of tax rate change on deferred tax                                       (980)                1,068


                                                                                                 542,939            1,167,541
                   Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future                  20,000               56,761


                                                                                                 562,939            1,224,302


      12 Earnings per share
            (a)   Basic

                  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of the Company by the
                  weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2023            2022


                   Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                    292,335            1,943,422
                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                     (thousands shares)                                                        3,363,641            3,369,141


                   Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                              8.69               57.68




140   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



12 Earnings per share (Continued)
    (b)   Diluted

          Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
          outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Group has dilutive potential
          ordinary shares arising from the share option schemes (note 30).

          Diluted earnings per share equals to basic earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2023 and
          2022 as the effect of the share options were anti-dilutive.

13 Dividends
    The final dividend in respect of year ended 31 December 2022 of RMB14.40 cents (equivalent to HKD15.89
    cents) per share and a special dividend of RMB22.81 cents (equivalent to HKD25.17 cents) per share, totalling
    RMB1,255,141,000, has been approved at the Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2023 and was paid in cash on
    11 August 2023.

    The Board of Directors recommended the cash payment of a 2023 final dividend of RMB2.19 cents per share
    and a special dividend of RMB27.27 cents per share, totalling RMB984,870,000. The Dividend Scheme is
    conditional upon the passing of the resolution relating to the payment of the final dividend and special dividend at
    the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend
    payable.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023       141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      14 Property, plant and equipment

                                                                    Transportation     Electronic        Office                   Construction    Leasehold
                                                      Machinery         equipment      equipment     equipment      Buildings      in progress improvements        Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


             At 1 January 2022
             Cost                                       340,149            867,262        193,597      120,270       126,227           91,693       227,595     1,966,793
             Accumulated depreciation                    (83,898)         (266,545)      (121,503)      (59,428)       (4,073)             —         (65,770)    (601,217)


             Net book amount                            256,251           600,717         72,094        60,842       122,154           91,693       161,825     1,365,576


             Year ended 31 December 2022
             Opening net book amount                    256,251            600,717         72,094        60,842      122,154            91,693       161,825    1,365,576
             Transfer from construction in progress       21,463                 —             —              —          9,199         (30,662)           —             —
             Acquisition of subsidiaries                     839              1,349         4,730          1,118            —                —         2,056       10,092
             Other additions                              59,484           316,804       127,955         18,555        21,391           40,853        99,086      684,128
             Disposals of subsidiaries                      (138)              (410)           —            (809)       (1,579)              —          (690)       (3,626)
             Other disposals                             (50,318)           (55,286)      (17,889)        (7,320)     (17,581)           (2,406)          —      (150,800)
             Depreciation                                (58,525)         (136,615)       (90,425)      (22,796)        (6,393)              —      (113,099)    (427,853)


             Closing net book amount                    229,056           726,559         96,465        49,590       127,191           99,478       149,178     1,477,517


             At 31 December 2022
             Cost                                        362,489         1,083,741        288,986      120,334       136,212           99,478        328,048    2,419,288
             Accumulated depreciation                   (133,433)         (357,182)      (192,521)      (70,744)       (9,021)             —        (178,870)    (941,771)


             Net book amount                            229,056           726,559         96,465        49,590       127,191           99,478       149,178     1,477,517


             Year ended 31 December 2023
             Opening net book amount                    229,056            726,559         96,465        49,590      127,191           99,478        149,178    1,477,517
             Transfer from construction in progress      42,468                 —              —             —         3,811          (46,279)            —            —
             Additions                                   80,088            185,107         54,921        36,838       23,156          110,966        199,037      690,113
             Disposals                                   (6,034)           (80,568)        (3,439)       (1,026)          —            (2,098)            —       (93,165)
             Depreciation                               (60,582)          (108,242)       (80,322)      (32,894)      (6,496)              —        (128,965)    (417,501)


             Closing net book amount                    284,996           722,856         67,625        52,508       147,662          162,067       219,250     1,656,964


             At 31 December 2023
             Cost                                       467,773          1,125,045        309,856      145,056       163,179          162,067        527,085     2,900,061
             Accumulated depreciation                  (182,777)          (402,189)      (242,231)     (92,548)      (15,517)              —        (307,835)   (1,243,097)


             Net book amount                            284,996           722,856         67,625        52,508       147,662          162,067       219,250     1,656,964

            As at 31 December 2023, transportation equipment with net book amount of RMB68,021,000 (2022:
            RMB86,757,000) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank and other borrowings (note 33).




142   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



14 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
   Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
   income:

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000


    Cost of sales                                                                        350,873             359,573
    General and administrative expenses                                                   66,628              68,280


                                                                                         417,501             427,853

   (a)   Revaluation, depreciation methods and useful lives

         Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost, net of their residual values,
         over their estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements, the shorter lease term as follows:

         Buildings                                                                                            20 years
         Machinery                                                                                         5-15 years
         Transportation equipment                                                                          5-10 years
         Electronic equipment                                                                              5-10 years
         Office equipment                                                                                      5 years
         Leasehold improvements                                                    Estimated useful lives or remaining
                                                                                    lease terms, whichever is shorter

         See note 41.5 for the other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      15 Leases
            This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

            (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

                  Apart from leased-in investment properties (note 16), the movement of other right-of-use assets is shown as
                  follows:

                  Other right-of-use assets

                                                                         Transportation
                                                           Buildings         equipment      Machinery Land use right           Total
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000


                   Year ended 31 December 2023
                   Opening net book amount                   142,781              6,573         4,180             60,855      214,389
                   Additions                                 361,924             15,392        24,561                 —       401,877
                   Early termination of lease contracts      (12,463)                —             —              (1,165)     (13,628)
                   Depreciation                             (152,745)           (17,614)       (5,858)              (684)    (176,901)


                   Closing net book amount                  339,497               4,351        22,883             59,006      425,737


                   At 31 December 2023
                   Cost                                      503,313             23,950        30,289             68,046      625,598
                   Accumulated depreciation                 (163,816)           (19,599)       (7,406)            (9,040)    (199,861)


                   Net book amount                          339,497               4,351        22,883             59,006      425,737


                                                                          Transportation
                                                           Buildings          equipment      Machinery     Land use right       Total
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


                   Year ended 31 December 2022
                   Opening net book amount                   198,094              5,894              26           59,674      263,688
                   Acquisition of subsidiaries                  8,093                —               —                 —         8,093
                   Other additions                           111,293              2,368          6,540              3,111     123,312
                   Early termination of lease contracts       (17,158)                (5)           (18)               —       (17,181)
                   Depreciation                             (157,541)            (1,684)        (2,368)            (1,930)   (163,523)


                   Closing net book amount                  142,781               6,573         4,180             60,855      214,389


                   At 31 December 2022
                   Cost                                      313,271             11,165         14,859            69,212      408,507
                   Accumulated depreciation                 (170,490)             (4,592)      (10,679)            (8,357)   (194,118)


                   Net book amount                          142,781               6,573         4,180             60,855      214,389




144   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



15 Leases (Continued)
    (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position (Continued)

          The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to lease liabilities:

          Lease liabilities

                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


           Current                                                                         164,252               212,402
           Non-current                                                                   1,353,427             2,053,781


                                                                                         1,517,679             2,266,183

    (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

          The consolidated statement of comprehensive income shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


           Depreciation charge of other right-of-use assets
           Buildings                                                                       152,744               157,541
           Land use right                                                                      685                 1,930
           Machinery                                                                         5,858                 2,368
           Transportation equipment                                                         17,614                 1,684


                                                                                           176,901               163,523


           Expense relating to short-term leases (included in ‘Cost of sales’
              and ‘General and administrative expenses’)                                   334,068               288,929
           Interest expense (included in ‘Finance costs’)                                  141,761                89,939
           Expense relating to leases of low-value assets that are not
              shown above as short-term leases (included in ‘General and
              administrative expenses’)                                                      99,787               86,304

          The total cash outflow for leases in the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB810,496,000 (2022:
          RMB616,016,000).




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      15 Leases (Continued)
            (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for

                  The Group leases various buildings, transportation equipment and machinery. Rental contracts are typically
                  made for fixed periods of 1 to 20 years without extension options. Lease terms are negotiated on an
                  individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not
                  impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
                  Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

            (d)   Accounting policies of leases

                  Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset, a receivable (for subleased-out under finance leases) and a
                  corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

                  Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in
                  the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However,
                  for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease
                  components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

                  Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
                  The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that
                  are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

                  Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
                  include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                  •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

                  •     variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
                        at the commencement date

                  •     amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees

                  •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

                  •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that
                        option.

                  Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                  measurement of the liability.

                  The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
                  determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to
                  pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with
                  similar terms, security and conditions.




146   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



15 Leases (Continued)
    (d)   Accounting policies of leases (Continued)

          To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

          •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
                adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

          •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held
                by the Group, which does not have recent third-party financing, and

          •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

          If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or
          market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a
          starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

          The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate,
          which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based
          on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

          Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or
          loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
          the liability for each period.

          Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

          •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liabilities

          •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

          •     any initial direct costs, and

          •     restoration costs.

          Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
          a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
          depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

          Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets
          are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a
          lease term of 12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets mainly comprise electronic
          equipment and vehicles.

          Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line
          basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying
          amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease
          income. The respective leased assets are included in the statement of financial position based on their nature.
          The Group did not need to make any adjustments to the accounting for assets held as lessor as a result of
          adopting the new leasing standard.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      16 Investment properties

                                                                          Land and         Right-of-use
                                                                          buildings              assets               Total
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000


             Year ended 31 December 2023
             Opening net book amount                                         68,392            1,921,275            1,989,667
             Additions                                                      127,320              504,700              632,020
             Disposals                                                      (33,230)          (1,093,747)          (1,126,977)
             Depreciation                                                   (29,654)            (160,054)            (189,708)


             Net book amount                                                132,828            1,172,174            1,305,002

            (a)   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the additions of right-of-use assets comprised of leases in
                  commercial properties with lease term periods of 2-20 years.

            (b)   As at 31 December 2023, the fair values of the investment properties approximated to RMB1,446,767,000
                  (2022: RMB3,166,938,000).

            (c)   Fair value hierarchy

                  An independent valuation of the Group’s investment properties was performed by the independent and
                  professionally qualified valuer, to determine the fair value of the investment properties as at 31 December
                  2023.

                  As at 31 December 2023 as certain of significant inputs used in the determination of fair value of investment
                  properties are arrived at by reference to certain significant unobservable market data, the fair value of all
                  investment properties of the Group is included in level 3 of the fair value measurement hierarchy.

            (d)   Valuation processes of the Group

                  The Group’s investment properties were valued as at 31 December 2023, by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate
                  Appraisal and Advisory Limited, an independent and professionally qualified valuer who hold recognised
                  relevant professional qualifications and have recent experience in the locations and segments of the
                  investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best
                  use.

                  Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between management and the valuers on an annual
                  basis, in line with the Group’s annual reporting date.




148   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



16 Investment properties (Continued)
    (d)   Valuation processes of the Group (Continued)

          At each financial year end, the management:

          —    Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

          —    Assesses property valuation movements when compared to the prior year valuation report; and

          —    Holds discussions with the independent valuer.

    (e)   Valuation techniques

          Investment properties comprise of right-of-use assets of commercial properties held under leases. Fair values
          of the investment properties are generally derived using the term and reversionary method. This method is
          based on the tenancy agreements as at the respective valuation dates. The rental income derived within
          the tenancy agreements are discounted by adopting term yields and the potential reversionary income are
          discounted by adopting appropriate reversionary yields for the period beyond the rental period in the tenancy
          agreements. Potential reversionary income and the reversionary yields are derived from analysis of prevailing
          market rents and valuer’s interpretation of prevailing investor requirements or expectations. The prevailing
          market rents adopted in the valuation have reference to recent lettings, within the subject properties and
          other comparable properties.

                                                                      Range of
           Valuation                 Unobservable                 unobservable    Relationship of unobservable
           techniques                inputs                             inputs    inputs to fair value


           Income approach           Term yields                     3.0%-6.5%    The higher the term yields,
                                                                                  the lower the fair value
                                     Reversionary yields             3.5%-7.0%    The higher the reversionary yields,
                                                                                  the lower the fair value
                                     Market rents (RMB/                  21-203   The higher the market rents,
                                     square meter/month)                          the higher the fair value

    (f)   Accounting policies of investment properties

          Investment properties are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both and are not
          occupied by the Group. Commercial properties held under leases held for rental yields and are not occupied
          by the Group are recognised as investment properties.

          The Group measured its investment properties at cost, including related transaction costs and where
          applicable borrowing costs. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost
          over their useful life or lease term varying from 5 to 20 years.

          If an item of owner-occupied property becomes an investment property because its use has changed, the
          carrying amount of the item at the date of transfer is equal to the carrying amount of the investment property
          measured by the cost model.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      17 Intangible assets
                                                        Contracts        Insurance                   Concession     Total other
                                                     and customer        brokerage                    intangible     intangible
                                            Software relationships          license      Brand            assets         assets       Goodwill         Total
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                                                           (a)


             At 1 January 2022
             Cost                            327,100      6,770,885         28,663     2,069,555        177,422      9,373,625       19,291,590     28,665,215
             Accumulated amortisation         (40,730)     (551,203)         (3,918)    (107,944)        (11,191)     (714,986)               —       (714,986)
             Accumulated impairment                —          (2,861)            —            —               —          (2,861)          (2,570)        (5,431)


             Net book amount                 286,370      6,216,821         24,745     1,961,611        166,231      8,655,778       19,289,020     27,944,798


             Year ended 31 December 2022
             Opening net book amount         286,370      6,216,821         24,745     1,961,611        166,231       8,655,778      19,289,020     27,944,798
             Acquisition of subsidiaries           401      188,684              —         96,887             —         285,972          586,226        872,198
             Other additions                 211,463          68,531             —             —        116,941         396,935               —         396,935
             Amortisation                     (80,115)     (815,393)         (2,474)    (242,579)        (19,988)    (1,160,549)              —      (1,160,549)
             Disposals of subsidiaries              —        (81,883)            —             —              —          (81,883)       (238,391)      (320,274)
             Other disposals                    (9,332)           —              —             —              —            (9,332)            —           (9,332)
             Impairment                             —             —              —        (34,877)            —          (34,877)     (1,735,538)    (1,770,415)


             Closing net book amount         408,787      5,576,760         22,271     1,781,042        263,184      8,052,044       17,901,317     25,953,361


             At 31 December 2022
             Cost                            528,642       6,938,827        28,663     2,166,442        294,363       9,956,937      19,639,425     29,596,362
             Accumulated amortisation       (119,855)     (1,359,206)        (6,392)    (350,523)        (31,179)    (1,867,155)              —      (1,867,155)
             Accumulated impairment               —            (2,861)           —        (34,877)            —          (37,738)     (1,738,108)    (1,775,846)


             Net book amount                 408,787      5,576,760         22,271     1,781,042        263,184      8,052,044       17,901,317     25,953,361


             Year ended 31 December 2023
             Opening net book amount         408,787      5,576,760         22,271     1,781,042        263,184      8,052,044       17,901,317     25,953,361
             Additions                       139,357         77,988             —             —         374,057        591,402               —         591,402
             Amortisation                    (61,839)      (807,793)        (2,474)     (240,979)       (27,824)    (1,140,909)              —      (1,140,909)
             Disposals                          (546)            —              —             —              —            (546)              —            (546)
             Impairment                           —          (5,595)            —         (1,888)            —          (7,483)      (1,468,516)    (1,475,999)


             Closing net book amount         485,759      4,841,360         19,797     1,538,175        609,417      7,494,508       16,432,801     23,927,309


             At 31 December 2023
             Cost                            665,833       7,016,815        28,663     2,128,394        668,420     10,508,125       19,639,425     30,147,550
             Accumulated amortisation       (180,074)     (2,166,999)       (8,866)     (588,331)       (59,003)    (3,003,273)              —      (3,003,273)
             Accumulated impairment               —           (8,456)           —         (1,888)            —         (10,344)      (3,206,624)    (3,216,968)


             Net book amount                 485,759      4,841,360         19,797     1,538,175        609,417      7,494,508       16,432,801     23,927,309




150   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



17 Intangible assets (Continued)
    Amortisation of intangible assets were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of
    comprehensive income:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


      Cost of sales                                                                        1,079,070            1,080,434
      General and administrative expenses                                                     61,839               80,115


                                                                                           1,140,909            1,160,549

    (i)     Amortisation methods and periods

            The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the
            following periods:

            Software                                                                                            3-10 years
            Contracts and customer relationships                                                                 6-9 years
            Insurance brokerage license                                                                           12 years
            Brand                                                                                               5-12 years
            Concession intangible assets                                                                        5-29 years

    (ii)    Software

            Acquired software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the
            specific software.

            Costs associated with maintaining software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.

    (iii)   Contracts and customer relationships

            Contracts and customer relationships acquired in business combinations are recognised at fair value at the
            acquisition date. The contracts and customer relationships have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less
            accumulated amortisation and impairment.

    (iv)    Insurance brokerage license

            Insurance brokerage license acquired in the business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
            date. It has a finite useful life and is subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

    (v)     Brand

            Brand acquired in the business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. It has a finite
            useful life and is subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      17 Intangible assets (Continued)
            (vi)   Concession intangible assets

                   When the Group has entered into contractual service concession arrangements with local government
                   authorities for its participation in the municipal sanitation public infrastructure construction business, the
                   Group carries out the construction or upgrade work of municipal sanitation public infrastructures for the
                   granting authorities and receives in exchange of a right to operate the public infrastructures concerned.
                   Concession intangible assets correspond to the right granted by the respective concession grantors to the
                   Group to charge users of the sanitation services and the fact that the concession grantors (the respective
                   local governments) have not provided any contractual guarantees in respect of the amounts of construction
                   costs incurred to be recoverable.

            (vii) Goodwill

                   Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
                   tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
                   be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of
                   an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                   Goodwill is allocated to CGU for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those CGU
                   or groups of CGU that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose.
                   The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal
                   management purposes.




152   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



17 Intangible assets (Continued)
    (a)   Impairment tests for goodwill

          Goodwill of RMB16,432,801,000 has been allocated to the respective CGU for impairment testing.
          Management performed an impairment assessment on the goodwill as at 31 December 2023. The goodwill
          (net book amount) is allocated in CGU as follows:

                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


           Wealth Best Global Holdings Group Company Limited
              (“Wealth Best Global”)                                          3,567,263          3,567,263
           Country Garden Life Services Group Company Limited
              (“Life Services”)                                               3,468,945          1,189,736
           Link Joy Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (“Link Joy”)                     3,233,591          3,233,591
           Sichuan Justbon Life Services Group Co., Ltd.
              (“Justbon Services”)                                            2,973,736          3,588,309
           Country Garden Manguo Environmental
              Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“Manguo”)                           1,958,891          1,958,891
           Caixin Smart Life Services Group Limited
              (“Caixin Services”)                                                     —          1,370,829
           Fujian Dongfei Environment Group Co., Ltd.
              (“Fujian Dongfei”)                                                      —            406,382
           City-Media (Shanghai) culture media Co., Ltd.
              (“City Media”)                                                         —             313,998
           Others                                                             1,230,375          2,272,318

                                                                             16,432,801         17,901,317




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      17 Intangible assets (Continued)
            (a)   Impairment tests for goodwill (Continued)

                  During the year ended 31 December 2023, there has been a change in the identified CGU resulting from the
                  integration of Caixin Services to Life Services’s business in order to improve operation efficiency. Accordingly,
                  goodwill originally along with Caixin Services is merged into CGU of Life Services. Management expected
                  that the benefit of expected synergies of Caixin Services business shall be achieved from integrating it into
                  the Group’s existing business under Life Services. Such integration resulted in the reallocation of goodwill as
                  there has been a change to the way in which goodwill is monitored internally.

                  The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on the higher of value in use and the FVLCOD. As at
                  31 December 2023, management recalculated the recoverable amounts of all CGU. The value-in-use results
                  of CGU other than those primarily including Justbon Services, Fujian Dongfei and City Media CGU were
                  assessed to exceed their carrying amounts as at 31 December 2023.

                  In the year ended 31 December 2023, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment
                  testing of goodwill of Justbon Services and considered that the profit margin and property management
                  fee collection rate of several projects were less than expected, resulting in the management’s decisions
                  about withdrawing from corresponding property management projects of Justbon Services, and suspended
                  some value-added services to non-property owners with high book margins but poor payment collection
                  performance. Also, due to the impact of the macroeconomic environment, property owners were less willing
                  to spend, thereby affecting the development of community value-added services, which had a negative
                  impact on the revenue and profit of Justbon Service for the year ended 31 December 2023. In addition, the
                  pre-tax discount rate used in the goodwill impairment test increased as a result of the increase of equity risk
                  premium as well as the country premium, leading to a further decrease of value in use of Justbon Service.
                  According to the management’s estimation of the recoverable amount of Justbon Services with the assistance
                  of an independent valuer, which was calculated based on its value in use that was assessed to be higher than
                  its FVLCOD, impairment of goodwill of approximately RMB614,573,000 was recognised for Justbon Services,
                  resulting in a reduction in the carrying amount of the goodwill of Justbon Services to RMB2,973,736,000.

                  In the year ended 31 December 2023, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment testing
                  of goodwill of Fujian Dongfei and considered that the cash flows of government clients served by Fujian
                  Dongfei was tightening due to the impact of the macroeconomic environment, resulting in a decrease in
                  gross profit for new projects and increased difficulty in collecting payments from past projects. Moreover,
                  these adverse effects are expected to remain for a longer period of time. According to the management’s
                  estimation of the recoverable amount of Fujian Dongfei with the assistance of an independent valuer, which
                  was calculated based on its value in use that was assessed to be higher than its FVLCOD, impairment of
                  goodwill and other intangible assets of approximately RMB406,382,000 and RMB5,595,000 were recognised
                  for Fujian Dongfei, respectively, resulting in a reduction in the carrying amount of the goodwill and other
                  intangible assets of Fujian Dongfei to nil and RMB138,481,000.




154   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



17 Intangible assets (Continued)
    (a)   Impairment tests for goodwill (Continued)

          In the year ended 31 December 2023, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment
          testing of goodwill of City Media and considered that the consumer demands in the advertising market
          were shrinking due to the impact of the macroeconomic environment, resulting in a decrease in some
          clients’ advertising placement budget, which had a negative impact on the business development of City
          Media. Moreover, these adverse effects are expected to remain for a longer period of time. According to the
          management’s estimation of the recoverable amount of City Media with the assistance of an independent
          valuer, which was calculated based on its value in use that was assessed to be higher than its FVLCOD,
          impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets of approximately RMB313,998,000 and RMB701,000
          were recognised for City Media, respectively, resulting in a reduction in the carrying amount of the goodwill
          and other intangible assets of City Media to nil and RMB92,131,000.

          As at 31 December 2023, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill
          of the other CGU. Based on the assessment, the Group considered that no additional material impairment of
          goodwill was required.

          The following table sets forth each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow
          projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

                                                   Justbon        Wealth                             Life       Fujian       City
                                                   Services   Best Global   Link Joy   Manguo   Services       Dongfei      Media       Others


           2023


           Revenue growth rates during the        5.3%-5.7%   5.0%-9.0%        3.0%      5.0%      3.0%     -2.8%-5.0%       3.0%   -1.4%-9.4%
             projection period
           Gross profit margins during the           30.0%         34.2%      34.6%     24.0%     21.8%         25.4%       33.0% 17.7%-62.1%
             projection period
           EBITDA margins during the                 21.7%         22.9%      22.7%     20.2%     11.9%         23.9%       15.9%   4.0%-53.0%
             projection period
           Terminal growth rate                       3.0%          3.0%       3.0%      3.0%      3.0%          3.0%        3.0%        3.0%
           Pre-tax discount rates                    18.7%         20.4%      20.7%     15.3%     20.8%         15.4%       21.1% 18.4%-22.5%


           2022


           Revenue growth rates during the        3.8%-7.0%         3.0%       3.0%      3.0%      3.0%          3.0%        5.0% 3.0%-50.0%
             projection period
           Gross profit margins during the            31.2%        36.0%      32.7%     23.9%     30.0%         28.0%       45.3% 15.5%-46.9%
             projection period
           EBITDA margins during the projection       21.6%        25.6%      23.9%     21.9%     18.2% 22.9%-25.4%         29.9% 5.2%-33.5%
             period
           Terminal growth rate                        3.0%         3.0%       3.0%      3.0%      3.0%          3.0%        3.0%        3.0%
           Pre-tax discount rates                     15.8%        17.6%      17.7%     13.8%     18.5%         15.6%       20.4% 15.4%-20.8%




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023      155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      17 Intangible assets (Continued)
            (a)   Impairment tests for goodwill (Continued)

                  The recoverable amounts and the headrooms available (the excess of the recoverable amounts over the
                  carrying amounts) of the respective CGU are as follows:

                                                                                       At 31 December 2023
                                                      Justbon        Wealth                                           Life             Fujian         City
                                                     Services    Best Global    Link Joy         Manguo          Services             Dongfei        Media
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000


                   Recoverable amount                6,262,266      6,515,422   6,720,569       4,736,726       36,974,005           1,279,920      330,959
                   Headroom                                  –      1,249,341   1,884,400          33,006       14,928,682                   –            –


                                                                                          At 31 December 2022
                                                      Justbon         Wealth                                           Life            Fujian          City
                                                      Services    Best Global    Link Joy        Manguo           Services            Dongfei        Media
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000


                   Recoverable amount                6,960,668      6,556,733   6,147,173       4,888,882       42,231,056           2,321,051      975,902
                   Headroom                                  –        778,808   1,998,515         113,499       21,265,326             425,404       41,742

                  The recoverable amount of the respective CGU would equal its carrying amount if the key assumptions were
                  to change as follows:

                                                                                           At 31 December 2023
                                                           Wealth Best Global        Link Joy               Manguo                          Life Services
                                                            From           To     From           To     From                   To          From           To


                   Revenue growth rates during the
                    projection period                   5.0%-9.0%        0.5%      3.0%       -13.9%        5.0%              4.8%         3.0%      -48.8%
                   Gross profit margins during the
                    projection period                       34.2%       27.7%     34.6%        22.1%        24.0%         22.1%           21.8%        7.6%
                   EBITDA margins during the
                    projection period                       22.9%       17.6%     22.7%        12.4%        20.2%         20.1%           11.9%       -2.3%
                   Terminal growth rate                      3.0%       -2.7%      3.0%       -37.9%         3.0%          2.9%            3.0%          NA
                   Pre-tax discount rates                   20.4%       25.2%     20.7%        36.8%        15.3%         15.4%           20.8%          NA




156   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



17 Intangible assets (Continued)
    (b)    A segment-level summary of the goodwill allocation

                                                                                                              At 31 December
                                                                                                                2023            2022
                                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


             Property management and related services other than Three
               Supplies and Property Management business                                                   13,991,604                15,053,738
             Three Supplies and Property Management business                                                    3,465                     3,465
             City services business                                                                         1,958,891                 2,365,273
             Commercial operational services business                                                         478,841                   478,841


                                                                                                           16,432,801                17,901,317


18 Subsidiaries
    The following is a list of principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2023. Among these subsidiaries registered under
    PRC law, Life Services, Ganglian Real Estate Services (China) Co., Ltd and Justbon Services are joint stock
    companies with limited liabilities, and Shenzhen Happy Vientiane Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) is a
    limited partnership, and the other subsidiaries are limited liability companies:

                                                                Nominal value
                                                                 of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                               fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                            Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Name                                   incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                     2023         2022      2023        2022


     Directly held by the Company:
     Incorporated in the BVI and operates
       in Mainland China:
     United Gain (集裕集團有限公司)                 28 March 2006             USD200         100%       100%          —           —   Investment holding
     Ornate Forest (繁森有限公司)                 07 July 2017            USD50,000        100%       100%          —           —   Investment holding
     Sino Estate Holdings Limited           06 November 2003          HKD780         100%       100%          —           —   Investment holding
     Link Joy (鄰里樂控股集團有限公司)                 26 June 2015                USD2         100%       100%          —           —   Investment holding

     Indirectly held by the Company:
     Incorporated in Hong Kong and
       operates in Hong Kong:
     Country Garden Property Services HK    05 February 2018             HKD1        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
       Holdings Company Limited
       (碧桂園物業香港控股有限公司)




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023       157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      18 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                         Nominal value
                                                                          of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                        fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                                     Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
             Name                                    incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                              2023         2022      2023        2022


             Established and operates
                in Mainland China:
             Life Services                           19 April 2004      RMB360,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
                (碧桂園生活服務集團股份有限公司)                                                                                                      and related services
             Country Garden City Light Intelligent   15 December 1998   RMB19,390,000          51%        51%        49%         49% Property management
                Property Services Co., Ltd.                                                                                            and related services
                (碧桂園城市之光智慧物業服務
                有限公司)
             Beijing Shengshi Property               24 April 1999       RMB7,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Services Company Limited                                                                                               and related services
                (北京盛世物業服務有限公司)
             Jiangxi Country Garden Jiejia           18 February 1993   RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Property Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                             and related services
                (江西碧桂園潔佳物業服務有限公司)
             Shanghai Ruijing Industrial             15 January 2018    RMB26,620,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Company Limited                                                                                                        and related services
                (上海睿靖實業有限公司)
             Hainan Sailai Borui Property            12 April 2012       RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Services Company Limited                                                                                               and related services
                (海南賽萊柏瑞物業服務有限公司)
             Guangdong Country Garden Huimin         09 January 2017     RMB5,100,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Property Services Company Limited                                                                                      and related services
                (廣東碧桂園惠民物業服務有限公司)
             Xingong Xiamen Property Management      30 April 2003       RMB9,132,250         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Services Company Limited                                                                                               and related services
                (新工（廈門）物業管理服務有限公司)
             Suzhou Industrial Park CPG Facilities   14 December 2001    RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   and related services
                (蘇州碧桂園碧新物業管理服務
                有限公司)
             Fenghuang Hui Information               18 January 2018    RMB30,580,000         100%     63.50%          —      36.50% E-commerce
                Technology Co., Ltd.
                (鳳凰匯信息科技有限公司)
             Guangdong Bichuang Asset                18 January 2004     RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
                Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    and related services
                (廣東碧創資產運營有限公司)




158   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



18 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                          Nominal value
                                                           of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                         fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                      Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Name                             incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                               2023         2022      2023        2022


     Shanghai Lianyuan Property       20 November 1995   RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
       Development Company Limited                                                                                      services
       (上海聯源物業發展有限公司)
     Inner Mongolia Renhe Services    18 November 1999   RMB14,008,340          70%        70%        30%         30% Property management
       Company Limited                                                                                                  and related services
       (內蒙古仁和服務有限責任公司)
     Suzhou Wuyuan Property           22 March 2007       RMB5,000,000          95%        70%         5%         30% Property management
       Management Company Limited                                                                                       and related services
       (蘇州物源物業管理有限公司)
     Zhejiang Country Garden Bijia    24 January 2002    RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Property Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                       and related services
       (浙江碧桂園碧嘉物業服務有限公司)
     Shanghai Mingjun Property        31 May 1996         RMB5,150,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Management Company Limited                                                                                       and related services
       (上海明君物業管理有限公司)
     Ganglian Real Estate Services    05 August 1999     RMB60,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       (China) Co., Ltd. (i)                                                                                            and related services
       (港聯不動產服務（中國）股份
       有限公司)
     Baoshihua Home Life Services     12 September 2018 RMB400,000,000          65%        80%        35%         20% Investment holding
       Group Co., Ltd.
       (寶石花家園生活服務集團有限公司)
     Baoshihua Property Management    26 October 2018    RMB308,111,060         51%        51%        49%         49% Property management
       Company Limited                                                                                                  and related services
       (寶石花物業管理有限公司)
     Baoshihua Tong Fang Energy       27 December 2018 RMB122,950,000           70%        70%        30%         30% Property management,
       Technology Company Limited                                                                                       heat supply and related
       (寶石花同方能源科技有限公司)                                                                                                  services
     Baoshihua Heat Company Limited   07 January 2019    RMB150,000,000         65%        65%        35%         35% Heat supply services
       (寶石花熱力有限公司)
     Daqing Baoshihua Heat Company    18 January 2019    RMB30,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Heat supply services
       Limited
       (大慶寶石花熱力有限公司)
     Fujian Dongfei (i)               11 January 2013    RMB133,333,333         60%        60%        40%         40% City services
       (福建東飛環境集團有限公司)




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023           159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      18 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                     Nominal value
                                                                      of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                    fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                                 Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
             Name                                incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                          2023         2022      2023        2022


             Manguo (i)                          26 March 2015      RMB50,500,000          70%        70%        30%         30% City services
               (碧桂園滿國環境科技集團有限公司)
             City-Media                          20 December 2010   RMB60,000,000          65%        65%        35%         35% City media services
               (城市縱橫（上海）文化傳媒有限公司)
             Shanghai Jinchen Property           20 February 1998   RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                and related services
               (上海金晨物業經營管理有限公司)
             Guangdong Country Garden            20 December 2019    RMB2,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
               Life Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                              and related services
               (廣東碧桂園生活服務有限公司)
             Guangdong Lexiang Life Family       30 April 2015                    —       100%       100%          —           — Property management
               Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   and related services
               (廣東樂享生活家庭服務有限公司)
             Caixin Services                     01 November 2006 RMB200,000,000          100%       100%          —           — Property management
               (財信智慧生活服務集團有限公司)                                                                                                    and related services
             Country Garden Services Business    13 July 2021                     —       100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
               Management Holdings Limited
               (碧桂園服務商業管理控股有限公司)
             Guizhou Shunhui Business            29 January 2021     RMB8,800,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                management services
               (貴州順暉商業管理有限公司)
             Zhuhai Shunhui Business             22 January 2021     RMB9,500,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                management services
               (珠海順暉商業管理有限公司)
             Shenzhen Zehui Apartment            04 March 2021       RMB2,760,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                services
               (深圳澤暉公寓管理有限公司)
             Guiyang Southwest International     04 September 2012 RMB50,000,000          100%       100%          —           — Property management
               Trade City Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                     and related services
               (貴陽西南國際商貿城經營管理
               有限公司)
             Hainan Dehui Technology             23 April 2021      RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Information system
               Management Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                         integration services
               (海南德暉科技管理服務有限公司)




160   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



18 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                              Nominal value
                                                               of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                             fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                          Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Name                                 incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                   2023         2022      2023        2022


     Guangdong Shunhui Business           20 January 2021    RMB25,500,000          85%        85%        15%         15% Commercial complex
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 management services
       (廣東順暉商業管理有限公司)
     Foshan Dehui Business                08 March 2021       RMB1,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 management services
       (佛山德暉商業管理有限公司)
     Guangdong Zehui Housing Rental       26 January 2021     RMB7,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
       Development Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                                     services
       (廣東澤暉住房租賃發展
       投資有限公司)
     Suzhou Xinbiyuan Business            01 August 2018      RMB3,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 services and
       (蘇州新碧園商業管理有限公司)                                                                                                      Commercial complex
                                                                                                                            management services
     Guangzhou Zhihui Business            26 February 2021    RMB1,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 management services
       (廣州智暉商業管理有限公司)
     Justbon Services                     07 December 2000 RMB178,102,160        99.71%     99.71%      0.29%       0.29% Property management
       (四川嘉寶生活服務集團                                                                                                          and related services
       股份有限公司)
     Chongqing Jiabao Management          14 July 2008        RMB5,000,000       99.25%     99.25%      0.75%       0.75% Property management
       Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 and related services
       (重慶嘉寶管理顧問有限公司)
     Wealth Best Global                   10 December 1998             USD1        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       (富良環球有限公司)                                                                                                           and related services
     Guangzhou Tianli Real Estate         10 December 1997 RMB610,000,000          100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                                and related services
       (廣州天力物業發展有限公司)
     Guangzhou Fuxing Investment          11 December 2019 RMB310,000,000          100%       100%          —           — Consulting services
       Consulting Co., Ltd. (i)
       (廣州富星投資諮詢有限公司)
     Guangzhou Fulin Commercial           15 June 2020       RMB20,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  management services
       (廣州富鄰商業運營有限公司)
     Beijing Hengfu Property Service      11 December 2022    RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                            and related services
       (北京恒富物業服務有限公司)




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      18 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                         Nominal value
                                                                          of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                        fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                                     Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
             Name                                    incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                              2023         2022      2023        2022


             Guangdong Surplus Equity                04 May 2015        RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
               Investment Fund Management
               Co., Ltd.
               (廣東盈盛產業投資有限責任公司)
             Guangdong Fenghuangdaojia               31 December 2019   RMB10,000,000          70%        70%        30%         30% Skill training services
               Vocational Skill Training School
               Co., Ltd.
               (廣東鳳凰到家職業技能培訓學校
               有限公司)
             Wenjin International Insurance          08 November 2007   RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Insurance services
               Broker Co., Ltd.
               (文津國際保險經紀有限公司)
             Guangdong Bi’An Security Service        19 June 2020       RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Security services
               Co., Ltd.
               (廣東碧安保安服務有限公司)
             Guangdong Bi’An Electromechanical       09 May 2020        RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Construction and
               Engineering Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   installation services
               (廣東碧安機電工程有限公司)
             Tianjin TEDA City Investment Property   24 February 2004   RMB11,260,000          70%        70%        30%         30% Property intermediary
               Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    services
               (天津泰達城投物業管理有限公司)
             Shenzhen Biguiyuan Shengfu              16 August 1995     RMB15,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
               Real Estate Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                        and related services
               (深圳碧桂園盛孚物業管理有限公司)
             Haikou Xinhuazhengda Airport            02 November 1994   RMB13,200,000          90%        90%        10%         10% Property management
               Services Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      and related services
               (海口新華正達空港服務有限公司)
             Guangdong Meifang Zhigao Robot          18 January 2021    RMB40,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Science and technology
               Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               promotion and
               (廣東美房智高機器人有限公司)                                                                                                         application services
             Henan Guangxin Advertising Co., Ltd.    14 January 2005    RMB19,030,000          60%        60%        40%         40% Advertising services
               (河南廣新廣告有限公司)
             Anhui Chenghe Property Service          26 August 2008     RMB20,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
               Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               and related services
               (安徽誠和物業服務有限公司)




162   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



18 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                               Nominal value
                                                                of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                              fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                           Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Name                                  incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                    2023         2022      2023        2022


     Shenzhen Country Garden Business      22 February 2016   RMB10,000,000          50%        50%        50%         50% Property intermediary
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  services and
       (深圳碧桂園商業管理有限公司)                                                                                                       commercial complex
                                                                                                                             management services
     Tianjin Blue Ray Quanwei Business     19 October 2020    RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  management services
       (天津藍光全維商業管理有限公司)
     Shenzhen Jiaxin Consulting Service    16 June 2016       RMB204,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Consulting services
       Co., Ltd.
       (深圳市嘉信諮詢服務有限公司)
     Shenzhen Happy Vientiane Investment   11 April 2014      RMB980,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
       Partnership (Limited Partnership)
       (深圳市幸福萬象投資合夥企業
       （有限合夥）)
     Wanxiangmei Property Management       08 May 2015        RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             and related services
       (萬象美物業管理有限公司)
     Shenzhen Kaiyuan International Real   19 October 2000    RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Estate Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                           and related services
       (深圳市開元國際物業管理有限公司)
     Chongqing Degu Trading Co., Ltd.      04 May 2014        RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
       (重慶得固商貿有限公司)                                                                                                          services
     Hainan Zhaonan Property Service       07 June 2000       RMB15,000,000          70%        70%        30%         30% Property management
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             and related services
       (海南兆南物業服務有限公司)
     Shenzhen Gongyuan Property            22 December 2004   RMB20,000,000          70%        70%        30%         30% Property management
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  and related services
       (深圳市公元物業管理有限公司)
     Yangpu Chengyi Property               25 April 2019         RMB500,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
       Management Co., Ltd. (i)                                                                                              services
       (洋浦誠益物業管理有限公司)
     Beijing Guorui Real Estate            12 April 2002       RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  and related services
       (北京國瑞物業服務有限公司)
     Chengdu Dongjing Property             15 October 2003     RMB5,500,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Management Company Limited                                                                                            and related services
       (成都市東景物業管理有限公司)




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      18 Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                          Nominal value
                                                                           of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                         fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                                      Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
                  Name                                incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                               2023         2022      2023        2022


                  Shanghai Zhongliang Property       15 December 2016 RMB130,000,000           100%       100%          —           — Property management
                    Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                               and related services
                    (上海中梁物業發展有限公司)
                  Wuhan Quanpu Culture Communication 01 June 2017      RMB6,250,000             60%        60%        40%         40% Advertising services
                    Co., Ltd.
                    (武漢圈譜文化傳播有限公司)

            (i)        Registered as foreign investment enterprises under PRC law.

            (ii)       None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.


            The English names of the subsidiaries represent the best efforts made by the management of the Group in
            translating their Chinese names as they do not have official English names.

            The above list included subsidiaries having material impact on the annual results or net assets of the Group.

            The directors of the Company consider that none of the non-controlling interests of the individual subsidiaries was
            significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of these subsidiaries was not disclosed in this
            section.




164   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



19 Investments accounted for using the equity method

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


    At 1 January                                                                     644,815             397,750
    Additions                                                                         14,700             305,195
    Share of results                                                                 (50,921)              34,425
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                           —                 1,605
    Disposals of subsidiaries                                                             —                  (209)
    Dividends received                                                                (8,227)             (20,035)
    Disposals                                                                             —               (73,916)


    At 31 December                                                                   600,367             644,815

   The directors of the Company consider that none of these investments as at 31 December 2023 was significant to
   the Group and thus the individual financial information of the investments accounted for using the equity method
   was not disclosed.

20 Financial instruments by category
                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

    Financial assets at amortised cost:
    Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                             20,183,666          20,799,663
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                     12,637,187          11,215,770
    Restricted bank deposits                                                         302,090             161,002

                                                                                  33,122,943          32,176,435

    Financial assets at FVPL                                                         807,724             862,822

    Financial assets at FVOCI                                                      4,317,978           4,151,610

                                                                                  38,248,645          37,190,867

    Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
    Bank and other borrowings                                                      1,569,548           2,253,565
    Trade and other payables excluding contingent considerations and
      non-financial liabilities                                                   13,246,030          12,761,880
    Lease liabilities                                                              1,517,679           2,266,183

                                                                                  16,333,257          17,281,628

    Financial liabilities at FVPL:
    Contingent considerations for business combinations                              214,683             269,361

                                                                                  16,547,940          17,550,989


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023    165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      21 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                                                                               At 31 December
                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


              Listed equity securities                                                          15,573               29,225
              Unlisted equity investments                                                    4,302,405            4,122,385


                                                                                             4,317,978            4,151,610

            The investments mainly represent equity investments in several property management companies. The fair values of
            these investments were determined mainly based on direct comparison approach by making reference to quoted
            market price or recent transaction prices of similar deals.

      22 Contract assets
            The Group has recognised the following assets related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                               At 31 December
                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


              Contract assets                                                                     71,405            427,725

            Pursuant to the service concession agreements for sewage and waste treatment, the Group receives no payment
            from the grantors during the construction period and receives service fees when relevant services are rendered
            during the operating periods. Upon the completion of construction, the balance of contract assets will transfer to
            concession intangible assets.

      23 Inventories

                                                                                               At 31 December
                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


              Merchandise goods (i)                                                              360,865             99,808
              Raw materials                                                                      125,605            143,747
              Others                                                                              29,795             27,203


                                                                                                 516,265            270,758

            (i)   Merchandise goods recognised as an expense during the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to
                  RMB1,277,488,000 (2022: RMB1,009,577,000). These were included in cost of sales and cost of providing
                  services.




166   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



24 Trade and other receivables

                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                     2023            2022
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


    Current assets:
    Trade receivables (a)
      — Related parties (note 37(e))                                             2,997,161            1,731,344
      — Third parties                                                           16,514,024           14,224,776


                                                                                19,511,185           15,956,120
    Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables
      — Related parties (note 37(e))                                             (2,198,613)                 —
      — Third parties                                                              (934,070)           (597,998)


                                                                                 (3,132,683)           (597,998)


                                                                                16,378,502           15,358,122


    Other receivables
      — Payments on behalf of property owners                                       913,437             766,890
      — Deposits                                                                    486,340           1,079,519
      — Loans to third parties pledged by equities (b)                            1,184,011           2,693,660
      — Receivables from finance leases                                              66,316              14,266
      — Others (c)                                                                1,212,760             974,680


                                                                                  3,862,864           5,529,015
    Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables                            (220,135)           (334,077)


                                                                                  3,642,729           5,194,938


    Prepayments to suppliers
      — Related parties (note 37(e))                                                 14,317               7,654
      — Third parties                                                             1,200,509           1,364,980


                                                                                  1,214,826           1,372,634
    Prepayments for tax                                                             370,054             220,448


                                                                                21,606,111           22,146,142


    Non-current assets:
    Other receivables
      — Receivables from finance leases                                            162,435              246,603

   As at 31 December 2023, most of the trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB, and the fair value of
   trade and other receivables approximated their carrying amounts.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      24 Trade and other receivables (Continued)
            (a)   Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services income under lump sum basis, value-
                  added services to non-property owners, heat supply services, city services and commercial operational
                  services.

                  Property management services income under lump sum basis, heat supply services income and commercial
                  operational services income are received in accordance with the terms of the relevant service agreements.
                  Service income from property management services and heat supply services are due for payment by the
                  residents upon the issuance of demand note.

                  For value-added services to non-property owners and city services, customers are generally given a credit
                  term of up to 90 days.

                  The aging analysis of the gross trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

                   0-180 days                                                                 8,813,813          11,779,462
                   181-365 days                                                               4,190,985           2,091,517
                   1 to 2 years                                                               5,461,279           1,699,600
                   2 to 3 years                                                                 668,626             270,136
                   Over 3 years                                                                 376,482             115,405


                                                                                             19,511,185          15,956,120

                  The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9. As
                  at 31 December 2023, a provision of RMB3,132,683,000 (2022: RMB597,998,000) was made against the
                  gross amounts of trade receivables (note 3.1).

            (b)   The Group provided short-term loans to several third parties pledged by equity interests of property
                  management and property agency services companies in the PRC held by the corresponding parties. The
                  loans to third parties bear interest rate at 6% to 15% per annum. These loans have a term of 2 to 12 months.
                  The reason for the Group to provide such loans to the third parties is for potential acquisitions of equity
                  interests of property management and property agency services companies. In 2023, one of the equities
                  pledged has been released as a result of the completion of a relative equity acquisition transaction.

            (c)   These receivables mainly included current accounts due from third parties, which are mainly interest-free,
                  unsecured and repayable according to contract terms.

            (d)   See note 3.1.1 for the Group’s policy regarding impairment of trade and other receivables.




168   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



25 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

    Wealth management products (a)                                                   602,323             569,162
    Investment in a fund (b)                                                         205,401             293,660


                                                                                     807,724             862,822

   (a)   The Group invested in various wealth management products. These products have a term of 3 to 5 years.
         They have an expected return rate ranging from 2.8% to 4.6%. The fair values of these investments were
         determined based on the expected returns as stipulated in relevant contracts with the counterparties.

   (b)   This represented the Group’s investment in a fund. The fair value of this investment was determined based
         on the valuation report provided by the fund manager.

26 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits
                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

    Cash at banks (a)                                                             12,939,277          11,376,772
    Less: Restricted bank deposits (b)                                              (302,090)           (161,002)


    Cash and cash equivalents                                                     12,637,187          11,215,770

   As at 31 December 2023, cash and cash equivalents did not include housing maintenance funds of
   RMB17,983,000 (2022: RMB21,726,000) which were owned by the property owners but were deposited in the
   bank accounts in the name of the Group. Such deposits can be used by the Group for the purpose of public
   maintenance expenditures upon the approval from the relevant government authorities.

   (a)   Cash at banks were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

          RMB                                                                     12,615,141          11,182,834
          HKD                                                                        195,269             104,259
          Other currencies                                                           128,867              89,679


                                                                                  12,939,277          11,376,772

   (b)   Restricted bank deposits mainly represent the cash deposits in bank as performance security for property
         management services according to the requirements of local government authorities, the deposits made
         as performance security for certain contracts relating to the city services business and judicially frozen
         funds. As at 31 December 2023, the amount of restricted bank deposits includes RMB23,562,000 (2022:
         RMB5,385,000) in the frozen bank accounts of Caixin Services for its financial guarantee (note 40).


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023    169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      27 Share capital and share premium
                                                                                          Equivalent
                                                                              Nominal       nominal
                                                              Number of          value      value of       Share                   Treasury
                                                    Note         shares      of shares       shares     premium         Total        Shares       Total
                                                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

             Authorised
             Increase in authorised share capital
                of USD0.0001 each                          10,000,000,000    1,000,000

             At 1 January 2022, 31 December
               2022, 1 January 2023 and 31
               December 2023                               10,000,000,000    1,000,000

             At 1 January 2022                             3,366,067,903      336,606         2,151    27,200,463    27,202,614          —     27,202,614
             Employee share scheme —
                exercise of options                            2,451,000          245             2         2,642         2,644          —          2,644
             Issuance of shares as a result of
                scrip dividend                                  5,566,033          557            4      147,856       147,860           —       147,860
             Buy-back of shares                                        —            —            —             —             —      (82,050)      (82,050)
             Cancellation of shares                            (3,140,000)        (314)          (2)      (82,048)      (82,050)     82,050            —
             Consideration issue                                2,182,454          218            2        58,844        58,846          —         58,846

             At 31 December 2022                           3,373,127,390      337,312         2,157    27,327,757    27,329,914          —     27,329,914

             At 1 January 2023                             3,373,127,390      337,312         2,157    27,327,757    27,329,914          —     27,329,914
             Buy-back of shares                     (a)               —            —             —             —             —     (266,603)     (266,603)
             Cancellation of shares                 (a)      (30,184,000)      (3,018)          (22)     (266,581)     (266,603)    266,603            —
             Consideration issue                    (b)           76,946            8            —          3,547         3,547          —          3,547

             At 31 December 2023                           3,343,020,336      334,302         2,135    27,064,723    27,066,858          —     27,066,858

            (a)    During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company bought back and cancelled a total of 30,184,000
                   shares. The buy-back and cancellation were approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting on 25
                   May 2023. The total consideration paid to buy back these shares was RMB266,603,000, which has been
                   deducted from equity attributable to the owners of the Company. The shares were acquired at a weighted
                   average price of HKD9.60 per share, with prices ranging from HKD9.31 to HKD10.04.

            (b)    On 18 July 2023, the Company issued 76,946 consideration shares to the third parties for the projects in
                   transit delivered by Everjoy Services Company Limited.




170   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



28 Other reserves
                                                                      Currency         Share-
                                         Statutory       FVOCI      translation        based
                                         Reserves       reserve        reserve      payments         Others          Total
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2022                     385,215        (64,462)       (16,251)      291,089        (126,951)      468,640
    Currency translation differences           —              —         (19,775)           —               —         (19,775)
    Changes in fair value of financial
       assets at FVOCI                         —         190,828             —              —              —        190,828
    Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                               —              —              —              —         (17,835)       (17,835)
    Employees share schemes
       — value of employee services            —              —              —          55,464             —         55,464
       — exercise of options                   —              —              —            (769)            —           (769)
    Disposals of financial assets at
       FVOCI                                   —          (1,388)            —              —              —          (1,388)
    Transfer to statutory reserves        137,751             —              —              —              —        137,751


    At 31 December 2022                   522,966        124,978        (36,026)      345,784        (144,786)      812,916


    At 1 January 2023                     522,966        124,978        (36,026)      345,784        (144,786)      812,916
    Currency translation differences           —              —         (15,970)           —               —        (15,970)
    Changes in fair value of financial
       assets at FVOCI                         —         173,446             —              —              —        173,446
    Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                               —              —              —              —         (29,523)       (29,523)
    Employees share schemes
       — value of employee services
             (note 9)                          —              —              —        (202,649)            —        (202,649)
    Disposals of financial assets at
       FVOCI                                   —          54,555             —              —              —         54,555
    Transfer to statutory reserves (a)    131,534             —              —              —              —        131,534


    At 31 December 2023                   654,500        352,979        (51,996)      143,135        (174,309)      924,309

   (a)   Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations governing foreign investment enterprise established in the
         PRC and the articles of association of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group, the subsidiaries are required to
         transfer certain portion of their profit after taxation to the statutory reserve fund, until the accumulated total of
         the fund reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      29 Retained earnings
                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2023            2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000

             At 1 January                                                                         9,313,601             8,515,620
             Profit for the year                                                                    292,335             1,943,422
             Disposals of financial assets at FVOCI                                                 (54,555)                1,388
             Transfer to statutory reserves (note 28)                                              (131,534)             (137,751)
             Dividends (note 13)                                                                 (1,255,141)           (1,009,078)


             At 31 December                                                                       8,164,706            9,313,601


      30 Share-based payments
            (a)   In September 2020, the Company granted share options under the share option scheme under which the
                  option holders are entitled to acquire an aggregate of 71,500,000 shares of the Company. Pursuant to the
                  terms of the share option scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

                  The options granted to the grantees will be vested based on the following rates on the date of the audit
                  report of the Group for the relevant financial year, provided that the vesting conditions above are satisfied in
                  the relevant financial year: (i) 40% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial year
                  in which the share options are granted (the “Grant Year”); (ii) 30% of the total number of the share options will
                  be vested in the financial year immediately following the Grant Year; and (iii) 30% of the total number of the
                  share options will be vested in the second financial year after the Grant Year. If the vesting conditions above
                  have not been fulfilled during the relevant financial year, the corresponding percentage of the share options
                  granted will lapse.

                  All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 5
                  years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD50.07 per share.




172   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



30 Share-based payments (Continued)
   (a)   (continued)

         Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                          2023                                      2022
                                           Average exercise       Number of          Average exercise        Number of
                                               price in HKD    share options             price in HKD      share options


          At 1 January                                 50.07          48,566,000               50.07        51,679,000
          Forfeited                                    50.07         (22,787,000)              50.07         (3,113,000)


          At 31 December                               50.07         25,779,000                50.07        48,566,000


          Vested and exercisable
            at 31 December                             50.07         25,299,000                50.07        28,016,000

         Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                                        Share options
                                                                                                         outstanding
                                                                                                        31 December
          Grant date                                  Expiry date                   Exercise price              2023


          28 September 2020                           27 September 2025                 HKD50.07           25,299,000

         The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of period is approximately
         1.8 years.

         The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

         The Group has to estimate the expected percentage of grantees that will stay within the Group (the “Expected
         Retention Rate”) of the shares option scheme in order to determine the amount of share-based compensation
         expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the Expected Retention Rate was assessed to
         be 83.9% (2022: 92.7%).

   (b)   In March 2021, the Company granted share options under the share option scheme under which the option
         holders are entitled to acquire an aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of
         the share option scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

         The options granted to the grantees will be vested based on the following rates on the date of the audit
         report of the Group for the relevant financial year, provided that the vesting conditions above are satisfied
         in the relevant financial year: (i) 40% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial
         year in the Grant Year; (ii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial year
         immediately following the Grant Year; and (iii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in
         the second financial year after the Grant Year. If the vesting conditions above have not been fulfilled during
         the relevant financial year, the corresponding percentage of the share options granted will lapse.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023     173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      30 Share-based payments (Continued)
            (b)   (continued)

                  All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 5
                  years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD72.40 per share.

                  In March 2022, the share options were cancelled and a total of 1,600,000 share options were granted to the
                  eligible participants, served as replacement share options with the same vesting conditions. All the options
                  regranted under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 5 years
                  after the grant date in 2022 at the exercise price of HKD50.07 per share.

                  Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                                    2023                                    2022
                                                     Average exercise       Number of        Average exercise        Number of
                                                         price in HKD    share options           price in HKD      share options


                   At 1 January                                50.07           1,600,000               72.40          1,600,000
                   Granted                                     50.07                  —                50.07          1,600,000
                   Forfeited                                   50.07            (480,000)                 —                  —
                   Cancelled                                   50.07                  —                72.40         (1,600,000)


                   At 31 December                              50.07           1,120,000               50.07            1,600,000


                   Vested and exercisable
                     at 31 December                            50.07            640,000                50.07             640,000

                  Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                                               Share options
                                                                                                                outstanding
                                                                                                               31 December
                   Grant date                                  Expiry date                  Exercise price             2023


                   30 March 2022                               29 March 2027                    HKD50.07                 640,000

                  The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the year is approximately
                  3.4 years.

                  The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

                  The Group has to estimate the Expected Retention Rate of the shares option scheme in order to determine
                  the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the
                  Expected Retention Rate was assessed to be 100% (2022: 100%).




174   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



30 Share-based payments (Continued)
   (c)   In March 2022, the Company granted share options under the share option scheme under which the option
         holders are entitled to acquire an aggregate of 1,640,000 shares of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of
         the share option scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

         The options granted to the grantees will be vested based on the following rates on the date of the audit
         report of the Group for the relevant financial year, provided that the vesting conditions above are satisfied
         in the relevant financial year: (i) 40% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial
         year in the Grant Year; (ii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial year
         immediately following the Grant Year; and (iii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in
         the second financial year after the Grant Year. If the vesting conditions above have not been fulfilled during
         the relevant financial year, the corresponding percentage of the share options granted will lapse.

         All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 5
         years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD50.07 per share.

         Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                          2023                                     2022
                                           Average exercise       Number of         Average exercise        Number of
                                               price in HKD    share options            price in HKD      share options


          At 1 January                                50.07          1,640,000                  —                  —
          Granted                                        —                  —                50.07          1,640,000
          Forfeited                                   50.07           (656,000)                 —                  —


          At 31 December                              50.07            984,000               50.07          1,640,000


          Vested and exercisable
            at 31 December                                —                   —                  —                   —

         Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                                       Share options
                                                                                                        outstanding
                                                                                                       31 December
          Grant date                                  Expiry date                 Exercise price               2023


          30 March 2022                               29 March 2027                    HKD50.07                      —

         The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the year is approximately
         3.4 years.

         The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

         The Group has to estimate the Expected Retention Rate of the shares option scheme in order to determine
         the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the
         Expected Retention Rate was assessed to be 59.2% (2022: 100%).




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023       175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      31 Trade and other payables
                                                                                               At 31 December
                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


             Trade payables
               — Related parties (note 37(e))                                                   210,312            84,072
               — Third parties                                                                7,005,967         5,892,499


                                                                                              7,216,279         5,976,571


             Other payables
               — Deposits                                                                     2,294,108         2,167,900
               — Temporary receipts from properties owners                                    2,873,493         2,996,335
               — Considerations payable for business combinations                                 5,499           325,800
               — Accruals and others                                                            856,651         1,295,274


                                                                                              6,029,751         6,785,309


             Contingent considerations for business combinations                                214,683           269,361
             Payroll payables                                                                 3,123,369         3,138,169
             Other taxes payables                                                               852,158           695,708


                                                                                             17,436,240        16,865,118

            As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated their fair values.

            The aging analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                               At 31 December
                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


             Up to 1 year                                                                     6,122,897         5,550,167
             1 to 2 years                                                                       953,450           366,965
             2 to 3 years                                                                        82,028            50,277
             Over 3 years                                                                        57,904             9,162


                                                                                              7,216,279         5,976,571




176   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



32 Deferred income tax
   The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities was as follows:

                                                                                        At 31 December
                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


    Deferred income tax assets:
      — to be recovered within 12 months                                                 717,170             291,895
      — to be recovered over 12 months                                                   415,895             276,447


    Total deferred tax assets                                                          1,133,065             568,342
    Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                  (225,565)           (253,627)


    Net deferred tax assets                                                              907,500             314,715


    Deferred income tax liabilities:
      — to be recovered within 12 months                                                 619,807             356,361
      — to be recovered over 12 months                                                 1,490,062           2,001,281


    Total deferred tax liabilities                                                     2,109,869           2,357,642
    Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                       (225,565)           (253,627)


    Net deferred tax liabilities                                                       1,884,304           2,104,015

   The movement in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
   offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, was as follows.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      32 Deferred income tax (Continued)
            Deferred income tax assets:

                                                                                                            Fair value
                                                          Allowance for                                    changes of
                                                          impairment of                         Lease        financial
                                                             receivables   Tax losses    Liabilities (i)        assets      Total
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


              At 1 January 2022                                  86,342        56,285         123,269           12,738     278,634
              Charged to other comprehensive income                  —             —               —           (12,738)     (12,738)
              Credited to profit or loss                        136,438        26,416         139,592               —      302,446


              At 31 December 2022                               222,780        82,701         262,861               —      568,342


              At 1 January 2023                                 222,780        82,701         262,861               —      568,342
              Credited to profit or loss                        579,761        22,108         (37,146)              —      564,723


              At 31 December 2023                               802,541       104,809         225,715               —     1,133,065

            Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that the realisation of
            the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the
            Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB94,720,000 (2022:
            RMB78,280,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. Tax losses of group companies
            operated in the PRC could be carried forward for a maximum of five years. These tax losses will expire up to year
            2028 (2022: 2027).

            (i)     The Group has adopted amendments to HKAS 12 — Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from
                    a single transaction retrospectively from 1 January 2023. The amendment requires the Group to recognise
                    deferred tax on transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal amounts of taxable and deductible
                    temporary differences. As a consequence, the Group will be required to recognise both a deferred tax asset
                    and a deferred tax liability on the initial recognition of a lease.

                    No changes were necessary to any of the amounts recognised or disclosures made for applying the
                    amendment of HKAS 12.




178   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



32 Deferred income tax (Continued)
   Deferred income tax liabilities:

                                                                                         Withholding
                                                         Differences                     income tax
                                                                  on      Fair value       on profits     Fair value Contractual
                                             Right-      recognition      gain from              to be   changes of        service
                                             of-use               of       business       distributed      financial    concession
                                           assets (i)   depreciation    combination          in future        assets arrangements        Total
                                           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


    At 1 January 2022                      (114,070)          (2,686)     (2,108,570)        (102,031)      (64,248)       (12,701)   (2,404,306)
    Disposals of subsidiaries                    —                —            20,471              —             —              —          20,471
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                  —                —           (71,393)             —             —              —         (71,393)
    Charged to other
      comprehensive income                       —               —               —                 —        (24,970)            —        (24,970)
    (Charged)/credited to profit or loss   (121,627)          1,249         257,443           (56,761)       46,045         (3,793)     122,556


    At 31 December 2022                    (235,697)          (1,437)     (1,902,049)        (158,792)      (43,173)       (16,494)   (2,357,642)


    At 1 January 2023                      (235,697)          (1,437)     (1,902,049)        (158,792)      (43,173)       (16,494)   (2,357,642)
    Charged to other
      comprehensive income                        —               —               —                —        (18,274)            —        (18,274)
    (Charged)/credited to
      profit or loss                         10,134           (2,089)       265,716           (20,000)           —          12,286      266,047


    At 31 December 2023                    (225,563)          (3,526)     (1,636,333)        (178,792)      (61,447)        (4,208)   (2,109,869)

   As at 31 December 2023, the retained earnings of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries not yet remitted to holding
   companies incorporated outside PRC, for which no deferred income tax liability had been provided, were
   approximately RMB9,555,087,000 (2022: RMB9,563,706,000). Such earnings are expected to be retained by the
   PRC subsidiaries for reinvestment purposes and would not be remitted to their overseas holding companies in the
   foreseeable future based on management’s estimation of overseas funding requirements.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023          179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      33 Bank and other borrowings

                                                At 31 December 2023                        At 31 December 2022
                                            Current Non-current     Total             Current Non-current        Total
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


             Secured:
               Bank loans                    614,560     652,135       1,266,695    1,097,262        792,005     1,889,267
               Other borrowings              114,237     188,501         302,738      137,374        223,809       361,183


                                             728,797     840,636       1,569,433    1,234,636      1,015,814     2,250,450


             Unsecured:
               Bank loans                          —           —             —           3,000            —          3,000
               Other borrowings                    —          115           115             —            115           115


                                                   —          115           115          3,000           115         3,115


             Total bank and
               other borrowings              728,797     840,751       1,569,548    1,237,636      1,015,929     2,253,565

            The Group’s secured borrowings as at 31 December 2023 was amounted to RMB1,569,433,000 (2022:
            RMB2,250,450,000), mainly secured by certain transportation equipment of the Group with net book amount of
            RMB68,021,000 (2022: RMB86,757,000) and pledged by rights of collection of several city service projects.

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                              Bank loans                          Other borrowings
                                                              2023          2022                    2023           2022
                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000                 RMB’000        RMB’000


             Within 1 year                                   614,560         1,100,262            114,237          137,374
             Over 1 year and within 2 years                   81,230             7,000             56,743           77,133
             Over 2 years and within 5 years                 251,646            27,000                 —            37,738
             Over 5 years                                    319,259           758,120            131,873          108,938


                                                           1,266,695         1,892,382            302,853          361,183

            The weighted average effective interest rate for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 4.59% (2022: 4.88%) per
            annum.

            The carrying amounts of the bank and other borrowings are denominated in RMB.

            The carrying amounts of the current borrowings approximate their fair value, as the impact of discounting using a
            current borrowing rate is not significant.




180   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



34 Cash flow information
   (a)   Cash generated from operations

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


          Profit before income tax                                            1,079,650           3,485,638
          Adjustments for
            — Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 14)           417,501             427,853
            — Depreciation of other right-of-use assets (note 15)               176,901             163,523
            — Depreciation of investment properties (note 16)                   189,708             116,895
            — Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets (note 17)    1,475,999           1,770,415
            — Amortisation of other intangible assets (note 17)               1,140,909           1,160,549
            — (Losses)/gains on disposals of plant, property and
                  equipment (note 7)                                             24,894              (74,010)
            — Gains from the change of sublease contracts (note 7)              (50,452)                  —
            — Gains on disposals of Investments accounted for using the
                  equity method                                                      —               (22,401)
            — Gains on early termination of lease contracts
                  (note 7)                                                      (30,882)              (2,024)
            — Realised and unrealised (gains)/losses from financial assets
                  at FVPL (note 7)                                               (3,474)            252,382
            — Employee share schemes — value of employee services
                  (note 9)                                                     (202,649)             55,464
            — Share of results of investments accounted for using the
                  equity method (note 19)                                        50,921               (34,425)
            — (Gains)/Losses on disposals of subsidiaries (note 7)              (69,257)               84,955
            — Finance (income)/costs — net (note 10)                            (38,181)               72,132
            — Dividends received from financial assets at FVOCI                (166,944)            (120,265)

          Changes in working capital (excluding the effects of
            acquisition and disposals of subsidiaries):
            — Restricted bank deposits                                         (141,088)              (23,720)
            — Inventories                                                      (245,686)              (59,139)
            — Trade and other receivables                                       296,812           (5,577,010)
            — Contract assets                                                   (17,737)            (153,941)
            — Contract liabilities                                            1,609,544            1,110,054
            — Trade and other payables                                          746,344            2,565,283


          Cash generated from operations                                      6,242,833           5,198,208




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023    181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      34 Cash flow information (Continued)
            (b)   Non-cash investing and financing activities

                  Significant non-cash investing and financing activities for the year end 31 December 2023 represented
                  additions of other right-of-use assets amounted to RMB401,877,000 (note 15), additions of investment
                  properties amounted to RMB305,326,000 and additions of receivables from finance leases amounted to
                  RMB165,938,000.

            (c)   In the consolidated statements of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment
                  comprise:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Net book amount (note 14)                                                 93,165           150,800
                   (Losses)/Gains on disposals (note 7)                                     (24,894)           74,010


                   Proceeds from disposals                                                  68,271            224,810




182   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



34 Cash flow information (Continued)
    (d)   Net cash reconciliation

          This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt.

                                                Other assets          Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                      Bank and
                                                                      Lease                other       Convertible
                                                      Cash         liabilities       borrowings             bonds        Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000


           Net debt at 1 January 2022            11,618,619      (1,140,691)         (1,122,538)      (4,064,827)     5,290,563
           Cash flows                              (333,794)        240,783          (1,060,545)       4,279,781      3,126,225
           Acquisition of subsidiaries                    —            (8,093)                —                —          (8,093)
           Acquisition of new contracts                   —      (1,287,448)                  —                —     (1,287,448)
           Interest expenses accrued                      —          (89,939)            (70,482)         (54,406)     (214,827)
           Early termination of contracts                 —           19,205                  —                —         19,205
           Currency translation differences          (69,055)              —                  —         (160,548)      (229,603)


           Net debt at 31 December 2022          11,215,770      (2,266,183)         (2,253,565)               —     6,696,022


                                                       Other assetsLiabilities from financing activities
                                                                                             Bank and
                                                                              Lease              other
                                                             Cash          liabilities     borrowings                  Total
                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Net debt at 1 January 2023                     11,215,770             (2,266,183)        (2,253,565)      6,696,022
           Cash flows                                      1,466,376                389,286            776,073       2,631,735
           Acquisition of new contracts                           —                (873,141)                —         (873,141)
           Interest expenses accrued                              —                (141,761)           (92,056)       (233,817)
           Early termination of contracts                         —               1,374,120                 —        1,374,120
           Currency translation differences                  (44,959)                    —                  —          (44,959)


           Net debt at 31 December 2023                   12,637,187             (1,517,679)        (1,569,548)      9,549,960




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023       183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      35 Commitments
            Commitments for capital expenditures

                                                                                              At 31 December
                                                                                                2023            2022
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


             Contracted but not provided for:
             Property, plant and equipment                                                      55,411              55,536
             Right-of-use assets                                                                54,096                  —
             Intangible assets                                                                      —               43,888


      36 Disposals of subsidiaries
            During the year, the Group disposed of interests in several subsidiaries to certain third parties. Details of the
            disposals are as follows:

                                                                                                                 RMB’000


             Disposal considerations                                                                                 7,338
                — Cash received                                                                                      2,338
                — Outstanding and included in other receivables                                                      5,000


             Less:
               — Total net assets of subsidiaries disposed of                                                      102,287
               — Non-controlling interests disposed of                                                             (40,368)

             Gains on disposals (note 7)                                                                            69,257


             Cash proceeds from disposals, net of cash disposed of
               — Cash considerations received                                                                        2,338
               — Less: cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries disposed of                                   (31,088)


             Net cash outflow on disposals                                                                         (28,750)




184   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



37 Related party transactions
   (a)   Ultimate controlling shareholder

         The Company is ultimately controlled by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”).

   (b)   Transactions with related parties

         The Group has entered into the following significant transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


           Provision of services (i)
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder               1,139,644            2,071,304
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                  Shareholder                                                               90,554              270,397
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                  significant influence                                                     84,630               74,642
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of
                  the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                                      13,636                   —


                                                                                         1,328,464            2,416,343


           Purchase of goods and services
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                  45,399               41,243
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                 Shareholder                                                                91,576                  404
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                 significant influence                                                      20,530                6,034
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of
                 the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                                        3,851                7,504


                                                                                           161,356               55,185


           Acquisition of assets
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                       —               21,744

         (i)   In 2023, due to the credit risk of certain related parties has increased significantly, the Group only
               recognised revenue from the related parties according to policies in note 5(c). Excluding such effect,
               revenue from provision of services to the related parties for the year ended 31 December 2023 was
               approximately RMB1,529,779,000 (2022: RMB2,416,343,000).




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      37 Related party transactions (Continued)
            (b)   Transactions with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2023            2022
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Addition of investment properties
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                  —             307,236
                     — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                          Shareholder                                                               —             172,324


                                                                                                    —             479,560


                   Interest expenses on lease liabilities
                      — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder            72,866              36,897
                      — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                          Shareholder                                                               —              22,247


                                                                                               72,866              59,144


                   Repayment of lease liabilities
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder            135,849              66,389
                     — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                        Shareholder                                                                 —              50,538


                                                                                              135,849             116,927


                   Rental expenses
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder             13,659              21,869
                     — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                          Shareholder                                                               —                 433


                                                                                               13,659              22,302

                  The prices for the above service fees and goods were determined in accordance with the terms mutually
                  agreed by the contract parties.

            (c)   Free trademark license agreement

                  A trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Company and a subsidiary of Country
                  Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CGH”), Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development
                  Company Limited (“佛山市順德區碧桂園物業發展有限公司”) (“Foshan Shunde”) and a deed of trademark
                  licencing was entered into between the Company and CGH (the “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”).
                  Pursuant to the Trademark Licencing Arrangement, Foshan Shunde agreed and CGH would procure Foshan
                  Shunde to irrevocably and unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use several
                  trademarks registered in the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of the
                  Trademark Licencing Agreement and the deed of trademark licencing, which are subject to the renewal of the
                  licenced trademarks, on a royalty-free basis.



186   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



37 Related party transactions (Continued)
    (d)   Key management compensation

          Key management includes directors and senior management. Compensations for key management are set
          out below:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


           Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                       14,246               20,596
           Share-based payments                                                      —                28,772
           Fees                                                                     900                  900
           Contribution to retirement benefits and other social insurances          238                  336


                                                                                 15,384               50,604

    (e)   Balances with related parties

                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

           Receivables from related parties

           Trade receivables
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder    2,757,874            1,416,563
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                  Shareholder                                                   165,454              240,719
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                  has significant influence                                      70,606               70,936
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                         3,227                3,126


                                                                              2,997,161            1,731,344
           Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables from
             related parties (note 3.1.1(a))                                  (2,198,613)                 —


                                                                                798,548            1,731,344


           Prepayments
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder        8,678                3,435
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                 Shareholder                                                        499                1,018
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                 has significant influence                                        5,140                3,201


                                                                                 14,317                7,654




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      37 Related party transactions (Continued)
            (e)   Balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                      At 31 December
                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000

                   Payables to related parties

                   Trade payables
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder    171,161         69,841
                     — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                         Shareholder                                                   26,494         13,674
                     — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                         has significant influence                                      9,841            232
                     — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                         Controlling Shareholder                                        2,816            325


                                                                                      210,312         84,072


                   Contract liabilities
                     — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder     83,459             56
                     — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                         Shareholder                                                    8,096         49,512
                     — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                         has significant influence                                      2,335         28,127
                     — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                         Controlling Shareholder                                         814               2


                                                                                       94,704         77,697




188   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



38 Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                  Note               2023            2022
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000

    Assets
    Non-current assets
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                     96,685             299,334
    Property, plant and equipment                                                       12                  22
    Other receivables                                                           25,945,632          26,715,295

                                                                                26,042,329          27,014,651

    Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                        93,080             14,308
    Dividends receivable                                                          4,137,624          3,751,810
    Other receivables                                                                    98                512

                                                                                  4,230,802          3,766,630

    Total assets                                                                30,273,131          30,781,281

    Equity
    Share capital and share premium                                             26,823,159          27,086,215
    Other reserves                                                                  95,744             298,393
    Retained earnings                                                            3,347,096           3,390,478

    Total equity                                                                30,265,999          30,775,086

    Liabilities
    Current liabilities
    Other payables                                                                    7,132               6,195

    Total liabilities                                                                 7,132               6,195

    Total equity and liabilities                                                30,273,131          30,781,281

   The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2024 and
   was signed on its behalf.




                          Xu Binhuai                                            Xiao Hua
                           Director                                              Director




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023    189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      38 Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the Company
            (Continued)

            Movement of retained earnings of the Company

                                                                                        Retained              Other
                                                                                        earnings           reserves
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


              At 1 January 2022                                                         1,009,206           242,929
              Profit for the year                                                       3,390,351                —
              Dividends                                                                (1,009,079)               —
              Issue of shares under employee scheme                                            —             55,464

              At 31 December 2022                                                       3,390,478           298,393

              At 1 January 2023                                                         3,390,478            298,393
              Profit for the year                                                       1,211,759                 —
              Dividends                                                                (1,255,141)                —
              Issue of shares under employee scheme                                            —            (202,649)

              At 31 December 2023                                                       3,347,096             95,744


      39 Directors’ benefits and interests
            Chairman and Non-executive Director

            Ms. Yang Huiyan (note (a))

            Executive Director

            Mr. Xu Binhuai, President (i)
            Mr. Xiao Hua
            Mr. Guo Zhanjun

            Independent non-executive directors

            Mr. Mei Wenjue
            Mr. Rui Meng
            Mr. Chen Weiru

            (i)   In October 2023, Mr. Li Changjiang resigned from his position and Mr. Xu Binhuai was appointed as an
                  executive director and the president of the Group.




190   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



39 Directors’ benefits and interests (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’ emoluments

          The directors received emoluments from the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 as follows:

                                                                                                                           Contributions
                                                                                                                            to retirement
                                                                                                                             benefits and
                                                                                                                             other social
                Name                                                                     Fees                Salary        security costs
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000


                Executive directors
                Mr. Li Changjiang                                                              —                   5,800                 47
                Mr. Xu Binhuai                                                                 —                   1,500                 43
                Mr. Xiao Hua                                                                   —                   2,030                 29
                Mr. Guo Zhanjun                                                                —                   1,750                 46

                Independent non-executive directors
                Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                               300                      —                  —
                Mr. Chen Weiru                                                               300                      —                  —
                Mr. Rui Meng                                                                 300                      —                  —

                                                                                             900                  11,080               165

          The directors received emoluments from the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 as follows:

                                                                                                       Contributions            Employee
                                                                                                        to retirement      share schemes
                                                                                                         benefits and          — value of
                                                                                                          other social          employee
                Name                                               Fees                 Salary         security costs             services
                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000


                Executive directors
                Mr. Li Changjiang                                        —                6,510                      42              8,607
                Mr. Xiao Hua                                             —                2,030                      34              2,705
                Mr. Guo Zhanjun                                          —                1,750                      59              2,459

                Non-executive directors
                Mr. Yang Zhicheng (ii)                                   —                     —                      —              4,918

                Independent non-executive directors
                Mr. Mei Wenjue                                         300                     —                      —                  —
                Mr. Chen Weiru                                         300                     —                      —                  —
                Mr. Rui Meng                                           300                     —                      —                  —

                                                                       900               10,290                     135            18,689

          (i)        In 2023, the amount of employee share schemes – value of employee services is nil as the respective share options are not
                     vested due to failure of meeting performance standards.

          (ii)       In August 2022, Mr. Yang Zhicheng resigned from his position as an non-executive director.


                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      39 Directors’ benefits and interests (Continued)
            (a)   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

                  The non-executive directors, Ms. Yang Huiyan did not receive any emoluments from the Group during the
                  years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. Ms. Yang Huiyan has made arrangements with the Company
                  under which she has waived or agreed to waive her emolument.

            (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits

                  There were no retirement benefits paid to or receivable by directors during the year by defined benefit
                  pension plans operated by the Group (2022: nil).

            (c)   Directors’ termination benefits

                  There were no director’s termination benefits subsisted during the year (2022: nil) and there was no
                  compensation paid during the year or receivable by Mr. Li Changjiang for the loss of office as a director of the
                  Group or any other office in connection with the management of the affairs of any member of the Group.

            (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

                  There was no consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services subsisted during
                  the year (2022:nil).

            (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies
                  corporate by and connected entities with such directors

                  There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate by
                  and connected entities with such directors subsisted during the year (2022: nil).

            (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

                  The Chairman and non-executive director, Ms. Yang Huiyan, is an executive director of CGH. The Group’s
                  transactions with CGH and its related entities are set out in note 37.

                  Save for the aforementioned transactions, no other significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
                  relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company
                  had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
                  year (2022: nil).




192   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



40 Financial Guarantee
   Caixin Services, a subsidiary of the Company, was acquired by the Group from its original shareholder, Chongqing
   Caixin Group Co., Ltd. (“Caixin Group”), on 30 September 2021 (the “Acquisition Date”). In late August 2022,
   certain bank accounts of Caixin Services were frozen judicially, in light of the fact that Caixin Services provided joint
   and several guarantee to a trust financing arrangement of Caixin Group prior to the Acquisition Date. The Company
   was informed by Caixin Group and validated the existence of this obligation after the incident happened.

   According to information subsequently obtained, in addition to the pledge of the equity interest of a subsidiary held
   by Caixin Group, the debts were also secured by another eight guarantors, including: (1) one guarantor providing
   guarantees by way of asset pledge; and (2) the other seven entities (including Caixin Services) providing joint and
   several guarantee obligations. As of 31 December 2023, the principal amount involved in the guarantee of the
   relevant debt is approximately RMB689,500,000 (2022: Same). Together with accrued interests and penalties, the
   total guarantee amount is approximately RMB934,500,000 (2022: RMB770,000,000).

   Management of the Company represents that: (1) the Caixin Group confirms that, apart from this, Caixin Services
   provided no other external guarantee prior to the acquisition date; (2) the normal operation of Caixin Services has
   not been materially and adversely affected; (3) since the engagement with and acquisition of Caixin Services by
   the Group, Caixin Group has disclosed and undertaken that the guarantee did not exist during the course of due
   diligence and negotiation of the acquisition agreement, which, at present, is in violation of the relevant covenants
   and undertakings under the agreement regarding the acquisition of Caixin Services; (4) the Company has actively
   taken legal proceedings, to protect the Company’s legitimate rights and interests. As at 31 December 2023, the
   amount of restricted bank deposits in the frozen bank accounts of Caixin Services was RMB23,562,000 (2022:
   RMB5,385,000). As at 31 December 2023, the Group has assessed that the expected credit losses for the financial
   guarantee and accordingly made a provision of RMB6,598,000 (2022: Same). When estimating the expected credit
   losses of the financial guarantee, management applied estimation under various scenarios of repayment orders
   after taking into account the lawyer’s opinion.

41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies
   41.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

         (a)   Subsidiaries

               Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
               controls an entity where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
               with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the
               entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
               They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

               Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
               are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
               impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
               necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

               Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
               consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
               consolidated statement of financial position respectively.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
            41.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

                  (b)   Associates

                        Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                        control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                        Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (note 41.1.(d)), after
                        initially being recognised at cost.

                  (c)   Joint arrangements

                        Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint
                        operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of
                        each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The Group has joint ventures
                        only.

                        Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (note 41.1.(d)), after initially being
                        recognised at cost in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                  (d)   Equity method

                        Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
                        thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                        profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in
                        other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are
                        recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                        Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                        the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further
                        losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                        Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
                        eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated
                        unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies
                        of equity-accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
                        policies adopted by the Group.

                        The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                        policy described in note 41.6.




194   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   41.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

        (e)   Changes in equity interests

              The Group accounts for transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
              control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an
              adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect
              their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-
              controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within
              equity attributable to owners of the Group.

              When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
              control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair
              value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial
              carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate,
              joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive
              income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
              assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
              are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
              applicable HKFRSs.

              If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant
              influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other
              comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

   41.2 Separate financial statements

        Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
        costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
        received and receivable.

        Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
        investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
        dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
        the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

   41.3 Segment reporting

        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
        chief operating decision-maker. The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
        performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that
        make strategic decisions.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
            41.4 Foreign currency translation

                  (i)     Functional and presentation currency

                          Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                          currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                          The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and
                          presentation currency.

                  (ii)    Transactions and balances

                          Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                          at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                          such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                          currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                          Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                          exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and
                          liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation
                          differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at FVPL are recognised in profit
                          or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as
                          equities classified as FVOCI are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  (iii)   Group companies

                          The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                          hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency of
                          RMB are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                          •     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                                closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position,

                          •     income and expenses for each consolidated statement of comprehensive income are translated
                                at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative
                                effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are
                                translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                          •     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                          On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                          entities and of borrowings are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation
                          is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange
                          differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.




196   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   41.5 Property, plant and equipment

        Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation, net of any impairment losses, if
        any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
        appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
        Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted
        for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to
        profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
        reporting period.

        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
        amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

        Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
        recognised within ‘Other (losses)/gains — net’ in profit or loss.

   41.6 Impairment of non-financial assets

        Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
        annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
        impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
        the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the
        asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s
        FVLCOD and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
        for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from
        other assets or groups of assets (CGU). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment
        are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023       197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
            41.7 Investments and other financial assets

                  (i)     Classification

                          The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                          •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI, or through profit or loss),
                                and

                          •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                          The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                          contractual terms of the cash flows.

                          For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
                          For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which the investment
                          is held. For investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether the Group has made an
                          irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.

                          The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those
                          assets changes.

                  (ii)    Recognition and derecognition

                          Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
                          the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
                          receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                          transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                  (iii)   Measurement

                          At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
                          asset not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.
                          Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                          Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                          their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




198   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   41.7 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

        (iii)   Measurement (Continued)

                Debt instruments

                Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing
                the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into
                which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                     flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest
                     income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate
                     method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and
                     presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment
                     losses are presented as separate line item in profit or loss.

                •    FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                     assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                     measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the
                     recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and
                     losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                     cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss
                     and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included in
                     finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are
                     presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in
                     profit or loss.

                •    FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A
                     gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit
                     or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises.

                Equity instruments

                The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management
                has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
                reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
                investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other
                income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the
                statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
            41.8 Offsetting financial instruments

                  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of
                  financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is
                  an intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The legally
                  enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of
                  business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.

            41.9 Impairment of financial assets

                  The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets carried
                  at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
                  increase in credit risk. Note 3.1.1 details how the Group determines whether there has been a significant
                  increase in credit risk.

                  For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
                  expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

                  For other receivables, the Group assesses whether their credit risk has increased significantly since their
                  initial recognition, and applies a three-stage impairment model to calculate their impairment allowance and
                  recognize their expected credit losses, as follows:

                  Stage 1        if the credit risk has not increased significantly since its initial recognition, the financial asset is
                                 included in Stage 1.

                  Stage 2        if the credit risk has not increased significantly since its initial recognition but is not yet deemed
                                 to be credit-impaired, the financial instrument is included in Stage 2.

                  Stage 3        if the financial instruments are credit-impaired, the financial instrument is included in Stage 3.

            41.10 Inventories

                  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted
                  average method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
                  applicable variable selling expenses.

            41.11 Trade and other receivables

                  Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services provided in the ordinary course of business.
                  If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle if
                  longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

                  Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
                  contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the
                  trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
                  subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Details about the Group’s impairment
                  policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in note 3.1.1.




200   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   41.12 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash

        For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents
        includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term, highly liquid investments with
        original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
        are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank deposits which are restricted to use are included
        in “restricted cash” of the consolidated statement of financial position. Restricted cash are excluded from
        cash and cash equivalents.

   41.13 Share capital

        Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

        Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
        deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

   41.14 Trade and other payables

        Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
        financial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment
        is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and
        subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

   41.15 Borrowings

        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
        subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
        and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs
        of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the
        fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or
        all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised
        over the period of the facility to which it relates.

        Borrowings are removed from the consolidated statement of financial position when the obligation specified
        in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial
        liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any
        non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

        Where the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated and the entity issues equity instruments to a creditor to
        extinguish all or part of the liability (debt for equity swap), a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss, which
        is measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability and the fair value of the
        equity instruments issued.

        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
        of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
            41.16 Borrowing costs

                  General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                  production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and
                  prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
                  period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

                  Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
                  qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                  Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

            41.17 Current and deferred income tax

                  The tax expense for the period comprised current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except
                  to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this
                  case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

                  (i)    Current income tax

                         The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                         enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the company and its subsidiaries and
                         associates operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken
                         in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation
                         and considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment.
                         The group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value,
                         depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.

                  (ii)   Deferred income tax

                         Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                         between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
                         statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition
                         of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset
                         or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                         neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                         temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been
                         enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when
                         the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                         Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
                         utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                         Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
                         amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control the
                         timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse
                         in the foreseeable future.

                         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
                         assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current
                         tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and
                         intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

202   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   41.18 Employee benefits

        (i)     Pension obligations

                A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a
                separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the
                fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the
                current and prior periods.

                The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution benefit plans organised by the
                relevant governmental authorities. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due.
                Assets of the plans are held and managed by government authorities and are separated from those of
                the Group.

        (ii)    Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances

                Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised
                housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a
                monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject
                to certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable
                in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances are
                expensed as incurred.

        (iii)   Termination benefits

                Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) When the
                Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity recognises costs for
                a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the payment of termination benefits. In
                the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured
                based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12
                months after the end of reporting period are discounted to their present value.

        (iv)    Employee leave entitlements

                Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the
                statement of financial position date.

                Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023       203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
            41.19 Share-based payments

                  Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Company’s share option scheme.
                  Information relating to the scheme is set out in note 30. The fair value of the employee service received in
                  exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
                  The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

                  (i)     Including any market performance conditions (e.g. the entity’s share price);

                  (ii)    Excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g. profitability,
                          sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period); and

                  (iii)   Including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (e.g. the requirement for employees to save or hold
                          shares for a specific period of time).

                  Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options
                  that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over
                  which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

                  In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and
                  therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense during the period
                  between service commencement period and grant date.

                  The grant by the Company of its options to the employees of the subsidiaries of the Group is treated as
                  a capital contribution. The Group recognised the share-based compensation expenses in “General and
                  administrative expenses” for the share options granted to the directors, senior management and employees
                  of the Group and recognised as a deemed distribution to the shareholders in equity (recorded in “Other
                  reserves”) for the share options granted to the directors and senior management of related companies, who
                  did not provide significant services to the Group. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
                  reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investments in
                  subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.

                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are
                  expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service conditions. It recognises the impact
                  of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                  When the share options are exercised, the Group issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
                  directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.




204   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   41.20 Provisions

        Provisions for legal claims and other obligations are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
        constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
        to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future
        operating losses.

        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood
        of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
        to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
        present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
        risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
        expense.

   41.21 Interest income

        Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in the net fair value gains/(losses) on these assets.
        Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the
        effective interest method is recognised in ‘Other income’. Interest income is presented as finance income
        where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes. Any other interest
        income is included in ‘Other income’.

        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial
        asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial
        assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of
        the loss allowance).

   41.22 Dividend income

        Dividends are received from financial assets at FVPL and at FVOCI. Dividends are recognised as other
        income in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



      41 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
            41.23 Government grants

                  Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the
                  grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                  Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary
                  to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

            41.24 Dividend distribution

                  Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at
                  the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the
                  reporting period.

            41.25 Financial guarantee contracts

                  Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
                  liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

                  •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                        Instruments, and

                  •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
                        accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

                  The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
                  between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be
                  required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming
                  the obligations.




206   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                           GLOSSARY

“2024 AGM”                     the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Thursday, 6 June 2024

“Board”                        the board of Directors

“Bright Scholar”               Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman
                               Islands with limited liability and the shares of which are listed on the New York Stock
                               Exchange (NYSE ticker: BEDU)

“Bright Scholar Group”         Bright Scholar, its subsidiaries and its variable interest entities and its 30% controlled
                               companies

“CG Holdings” or “CGH”         Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (碧桂園控股有限公司), an exempted
                               company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and the shares of
                               which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2007)

“CG Life Services”             Country Garden Life Services Group Co., Ltd.* (碧桂園生活服務集團股份有限公司),
                               formerly known as Guangdong Country Garden Property Services Co. Ltd* (廣東碧桂園
                               物業服務股份有限公司) and subsequently known as Country Garden Intelligent Services
                               Group Co., Ltd.* (碧桂園智慧物業服務集團股份有限公司), a company established
                               under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                               Company

“CG Property Services HK”      Country Garden Property Services HK Holdings Company Limited (碧桂園物業香港控股
                               有限公司), a company established under the laws of Hong Kong with limited liability and
                               a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“CGH Group”                    CG Holdings and its subsidiaries

“Chairman”                     the Chairman of the Board

“China Index Academy”          China Index Academy (中國指數研究院), an independent global market research and
                               consulting company, which was established in 1994 in the PRC

“Company” or “CG Services”     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (碧桂園服務控股有限公司), an
                               exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and the
                               Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6098)

“Concrete Win”                 Concrete Win Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the BVI on 7 April
                               2006, is beneficially wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan

“Corporate Governance Code” Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules (as effective
                            during the Year)

“Deed of Non-competition”      the deed of non-competition dated 29 May 2018 entered into by Ms. Yang Huiyan in
                               favour of the Company

“Directors”                    the directors of the Company

“Eligible Shareholders”        the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on
                               Tuesday, 18 June 2024

“Executive”                    the executive director of the corporate finance division of the Securities and Futures
                               Commission of Hong Kong or any delegate of the executive director




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023       207
      Glossary



      “Fortune Warrior”                     Fortune Warrior Global Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the BVI on 25
                                            April 2019, is beneficially wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan

      “Group” or “We” or                    the Company and its subsidiaries
        “CG Services Group”

      “HK$”                                 Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

      “Hong Kong”                           the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “Listing Rules”                       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

      “Model Code”                          the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
                                            Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

      “PRC”                                 the People’s Republic of China

      “Pre-Listing Share Option             a pre-listing share option scheme adopted by the then shareholders of the Company
        Scheme”                             on 13 March 2018, which was subsequently amended by a resolution passed at the
                                            extraordinary general meeting held on 7 November 2019

      “RMB”                                 Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “SFO”                                 the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

      “Share”                               ordinary share(s) with a par value of US$0.0001 each in the issued share capital of the
                                            Company

      “Share Option Scheme”                 the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 28 September 2020

      “Shareholders”                        holder(s) of the Share(s)

      “Shunbi Property”                     Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development Company Limited* (佛山市順
                                            德區碧桂園物業發展有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on 2
                                            April 1997 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CGH

      “Stock Exchange”                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “Takeovers Code”                      the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs

      “The Year”                            The year ended 31 December 2023

      “Three Supplies and Property          water, electricity, heat supply and property management
        Management”

      “YIHAN”                               EH Consulting (億翰智庫), a consulting firm specializing in the PRC real estate industry
                                            and listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 837350)

      “%”                                   per cent

      *   For identification purpose only




208   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
