 碧桂園服務控股有限公司
                                                           碧桂園服務控股有限公司
                                                           Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited




  Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                                                                                           Stock Code: 6098




2 019 A N N U A L R E P O R T




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT
Content
2     Corporate Overview
3     Corporate Information
4     Major Events
6     Awards and Honours
8     Chairman’s Statement
13    Financial Summary
14    Management Discussion and Analysis
30 Biographical Details of Directors and
	  Senior Management
37    Corporate Governance Report
55    Report of the Directors
77    Independent Auditor’s Report
83 Consolidated Statement of
	  Comprehensive Income
84    Consolidated Balance Sheet
86 Consolidated Statement of
	  Changes in Equity
87 Consolidated Statement of
	  Cash Flows
88 Notes to the Consolidated
	  Financial Statements
151   Glossary
    CORPORATE OVERVIEW

    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 6098.HK) is a leading service provider in
    comprehensive property management in China with residential property as its major focus. We have won industry-
    leading customer satisfaction rate with our quality services and service brands as well as gained high recognition in
    the industry.
    The Group has the honor of ranking Top 3 in terms of overall evaluation and No. 1 in terms of operating
    performance among the Top 100 Property Management Companies in China of 2019, according to China Index
    Academy; No. 1 among Chinese Community Service Providers in 2019 according to YIHAN (億 翰 智 庫) and
    was awarded “2019 Top 10 Listed Company of Property Management Service” by China Property Management
    Association. Founded in 1992, the Group experienced 28 years of steady development. It always adheres to
    the service concepts of “Cater for property owners’ urgent needs; address property owners’ concerns.” and
    “Property owner-oriented”. With strong business capability, it has formed a comprehensive and efficient property
    management service system. It is committed to offering property owners quality services through strong offline
    service system and consolidation of community business resources. Furthermore, it provided full life-cycle value
    services by focusing on preservation and appreciation of the value of owners’ real estates.
    Our main businesses include property management services, community value-added services, value-added
    services to non-property owners and “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses (currently includes
    property management services and heat supply business), which form an integrated service offering to our
    customers and cover the entire value chain of property management. As at 31 December 2019, apart from the
    property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, our contracted
    gross floor area (“GFA”) was approximately 684.7 million sq.m., and our revenue-bearing GFA was approximately
    276.1 million sq.m.. In addition, both of the contracted and revenue-bearing GFA of the property management
    services of “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses were approximately 84.9 million sq.m. as at
    31 December 2019. We managed 2,405 property projects covering more than 350 cities across 31 provinces,
    municipalities and autonomous regions in China and overseas markets, providing quality property management
    services to more than 3.46 million property owners.
    Property management services — We provide a range of property management services to property owners,
    residents and property developers, including security, cleaning, greening, gardening and repair and maintenance
    services. We have been optimizing our property management portfolio and enriching our forms of management.
    Currently, our property management portfolio covers residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings,
    multi-purpose complexes, government, hospitals and other public facilities, industrial parks, highway service
    stations, parks, scenic areas and schools. In addition, we have expanded into the operation and maintenance of
    urban public facilities, intelligent industrial park operation services, thus extended our community life services to city
    integrated services.
    Community value-added services — By focusing on the mature development cycle of communities, the family
    growth cycle of property owners and the property value cycle, we are committed to becoming an “integrated
    whole-cycle community life services operator”, providing comprehensive community value-added services to
    property owners. In light of the daily needs of property owners, we proactively promoted this business segment in
    the old and new communities, and provided a wide range of community value-added services to property owners
    and residents of the properties under our management, which mainly included: (1) housekeeping services; (2) turn-
    key furnishing and move-in services; (3) community media services; (4) value-added innovations services; (5) real
    estate brokerage services; and (6) community area services.
    Value-added services to non-property owners — The value-added services to non-property owners provided by
    us mainly include (1) consultancy services to property developers for their pre-sale properties management, as well
    as consultancy services for properties managed by other property management companies, (2) cleaning, greening,
    repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-delivery stage, and (3) sales and leasing agency
    services of unsold parking spaces and properties.
    “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses — In 2018, we have set up a joint venture company
    and started to enter the separation and transfer of property management and heat supply on “Three Supplies
    and Property Management” Reform. We promoted the smooth transition and takeover of property management
    and heat-supply businesses projects under the “Three Supplies and Property Management” Reform in an orderly
    manner. We will give full play to our successful experience in this benchmarking project and continue to further
    develop the “Three Supplies and Property Management” field, thus creating one of our future growth drivers.
    On 19 June 2018, the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange, indicating its formal entrance into the
    international capital market. Since then, the Company was well recognized in the market. It was included as a
    constituent of MSCI China Index and Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index, on 31 August 2018 and 10
    September 2018, respectively, and became one of the investable stocks in the Mainland-Hong Kong Stock Connect.
    In addition, the Company received a rating of A in the MSCI ESG ratings assessment in November 2019.

2        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                     CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                              CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Executive Directors                             AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Li Changjiang (President)                   Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Mr. Xiao Hua                                    Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr. Guo Zhanjun                                 P.O. Box 2681
                                                Grand Cayman
Non-executive Directors                         KY1-1111
Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                      Cayman Islands
Mr. Yang Zhicheng
Ms. Wu Bijun                                    HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                Tricor Investor Services Limited
Independent Non-executive Directors             Level 54, Hopewell Centre
Mr. Mei Wenjue                                  183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
Mr. Rui Meng
Mr. Chen Weiru                                  AUDITORS
                                                PricewaterhouseCoopers
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                 Certified Public Accountants
Mr. Rui Meng (Chairman)                         22nd Floor, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
Mr. Mei Wenjue
Mr. Chen Weiru                                  COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
                                                Somerley Capital Limited
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                          20/F, China Building, 29 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Mr. Chen Weiru (Chairman)
Ms. Yang Huiyan                                 LEGAL ADVISERS
Mr. Mei Wenjue                                  As to Hong Kong laws:
                                                Woo Kwan Lee & Lo
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                            26/F, Jardine House. 1 Connaught Place. Central, Hong Kong
Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)
Mr. Rui Meng                                    As to PRC laws:
Mr. Chen Weiru                                  DeHeng Law Offices (Shenzhen)
                                                11/F, Section B, Anlian Plaza No. 4018 Jintian Road,
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                       Futian District Shenzhen, PRC
Mr. Huang Peng
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Solicitor in Hong Kong)   PRINCIPAL BANKERS (In Alphabetical Order)
                                                Agricultural Bank of China Limited
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                      Bank of China Limited
Mr. Li Changjiang                               China Construction Bank Corporation
Mr. Huang Peng                                  China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
REGISTERED OFFICE
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive                  COMPANY WEBSITE
P.O. Box 2681                                   www.bgyfw.com
Grand Cayman
KY1-1111                                        STOCK CODE
Cayman Islands                                  6098

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG        LISTING DATE
4th Floor, Ruttonjee House                      19 June 2018
Ruttonjee Centre
11 Duddell Street
Central
Hong Kong

HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
West Building of Country Garden Office
Beijiao Town
Shunde District, Foshan
Guangdong Province, PRC




                                                                                  Annual Report 2019         3
    MAJOR EVENTS


    In May 2019, after obtaining
    approval from relevant authorities,
    the company name of Guangdong
    Country Garden Property Services
    Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of CG
    Services, was changed to Country
    Garden Intelligent Services Group
    Co. Ltd.*.




          MAY                                                      AUGUST


                                          JULY



                                                  In July 2019, United Gain and CG
                                                  Life Services (both wholly-owned
                                                  subsidiaries of CG Services), entered
                                                  into equity transfer agreements with
                                                  certain third parties to acquire 100%
                                                  equity interest in Asia Asset Real
                                                  Estate Services (China) Co., Ltd. The
                                                  acquisition will further expand the
                                                  scale and coverage of the Group’s
                                                  business and enhance the Group’s
                                                  influence and competitiveness in
                                                  the market. The acquisition was
                                                  completed on 9 September, 2019.




4         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                      MAJOR EVENTS


In August 2019, Vipshop (China) Holdings
Limited issued a notice of award to CG
Life Services. According to the notice,
CG Life Services was awarded after a                   In October 2019, CG Services joined hands
bidding process 11 projects in relation to             with six renowned technology companies,
logistics park property outsourcing services           including Tencent, Hikvision, China Unicom,
for Section One, North China, Central                  Celnet Technology and ACIGA to take
China and Southwest Logistics Parks.                   part in 2019 China International Property
This marked the first time for CG Services             Management Industry Expo. With “AI for All
to work hand in hand with the upstart                  — Defining the Future of Our Community”
e-commerce giant in undertaking projects               (共 用AI ，定 義 社 區 未 來) as its theme,
in relation to large-scale logistics parks.            their pavilion showcased “AI Full-stack
Vipshop’s Central China Logistics Park is              Solutions” (AI全 棧 解 決 方 案) and relevant
the largest of its kind in Central China, with         implementation results in a B2B and
a site area of 1 million square meters and a           comprehensive manner, confirming the
storage area of 0.665 million square meters.           company’s leading position in its use of
Seven tenants, three of which are listed               technology in the industry and enhancing its
companies, are currently using the park,               B2B influence.
which has around 3,500 staff to maintain its
ordinary operation.




                                                 OCTOBER


                                                                                  DECEMBER



          In December 2019, the 3rd China Real Estate
          New Era Grand Ceremony 2019 was held
          in Beijing, in which the List of Intelligent
          Residential Communities for the Year 2019 was
          unveiled. On the list are CG Services’ three
          benchmarking projects of intelligent communities,
          namely Shunde Country Garden • Panpu
          Bay • Chuntianli Community (順 德 碧 桂 園 • 泮 浦
          灣 • 春天里苑區), Liuzhou Country Garden • Ten
          Miles Riverside (柳 州 碧 桂 園 • 十 里 江 灣) and
          Zhengzhou Country Garden • Jade Bay (鄭 州
          碧 桂 園 • 翡 翠 灣), are named on the list and all
          of which are described as “Star-graded Models
          of Intelligent Residential Communities”. This
          shows that CG Services’ intelligent solutions
          and relevant implementation results have been
          acknowledged by the industry.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   5
    AWARDS AND HONOURS




1

                                                                                                          2

    1.   In May 2019, CG Services was honoured as one of the “2019 TOP 100 Property Management Companies in
         China (2019中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 企 業)”, “Top 10 of 2019 China TOP 100 Property Management Companies
         in terms of business size (2019中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 企 業 服 務 規 模TOP10)”, “Top 10 of 2019 China TOP 100
         Property Management Companies in terms of business performance (2019中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 企 業 經 營 績 效
         TOP10)”, “2019 China TOP 100 Leading Property Management Companies in terms of service quality (2019中
         國 物 業 服 務 百 強 服 務 質 量 領 先 企 業)” and “2019 China TOP 100 Leading Property Management Companies
         in terms of customer satisfaction (2019中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 滿 意 度 領 先 企 業)” by China Index Academy.

    2.   In May 2019, CG Services was honoured as one of the “Top 50 Chinese Listed Companies by Brand Value
         (2019中 國 上 市 公 司 品 牌 價 值 榜 新 銳 榜TOP50)” by China Property Management Institute, Shanghai E-house
         China R&D Institute and China Real Estate Appraisal Centre.




6        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    AWARDS AND HONOURS




      3

      4

3.   In June 2019, CG Services was honoured as one of the “2019 Top 50 Most Valuable Brands of Property
     Management Services (2019物業服務企業品牌價值50強)” by China Property Management Institute, E-house
     China R&D Institute and the China Real Estate Appraisal, and as a “2019 China’s Blue Chip Real Estate
     Company (2019年 藍 籌 物 業 企 業)” by The Economic Observer.

4.   In August 2019, CG Services was honoured as the “2019 China Top 1 Community Service Provider (2019年
     中 國 社 區 服 務 商TOP1)”, as well as one of the “2019 China Top 10 Community Service Providers in terms of
     community culture construction (2019中 國 社 區 服 務 商 社 區 文 化 建 設 十 強)”, “2019 China Top 10 Community
     Service Providers in terms of operational capabilities (2019中 國 社 區 服 務 商 運 營 能 力 十 強)” and “2019 China
     Top 10 (Listed) Community Service Providers (2019中 國 社 區 服 務 商 (上 市) 十 強)” by EH Consulting (億 瀚 智
     庫).




                                                                                     Annual Report 2019        7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


                                                                                     To create a better
                                                                                     society with our
                                                                                     existence
                                                                                     — Yeung Kwok
                                                                                     Keung




    Dear Shareholders,

    The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) is pleased to report that the Group recorded revenue of
    approximately RMB9,644.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of 106.3%
    as compared to that of 2018, and gross profit of approximately RMB3,052.2 million, representing an increase of
    73.3% as compared to that of 2018. The net profit for the year was approximately RMB1,718.4 million, representing
    an increase of 83.9% as compared to that of 2018. The profit attributable to the owners of the Company
    increased from approximately RMB923.2 million for the same period in 2018 to approximately RMB1,670.7
    million, representing an increase of approximately 81.0%. The basic earnings per share were RMB62.73 cents,
    representing an increase of approximately 69.9%. The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend for
    2019 of RMB15.14 cents per share (2018: RMB8.49 cents).

    On the occasion of the presentation of our annual results, on behalf of the Group, please allow me to pay tribute
    to all CGS staff who have been battling the coronavirus epidemic on the front lines up to this very moment. In this
    battle against the epidemic, it’s them who have, with the selflessness, reliability and professionalism as befit a
    property professional, built a bulwark in the last kilometre — i.e. the communities, thus warding off the disease and
    preserving the life and health of millions of property owners. It’s them who have spared no managerial effort to “seal
    off” the communities, implementing strict control over the entry and exit of people and vehicles, full-on and frequent
    disinfection of public areas, the collection and disposal of used medical masks at fixed locations, as well as the
    allocation and assistance in purchasing of hygiene products and daily necessities — none of which is an easy task.
    It’s them who have, courageously, taken up the social responsibility for fighting the disease, committing themselves
    to maintaining the community environment healthy where one can feel safe and clean, and to safeguarding every
    family. They have made property owners truly realise what our service principle of “addressing property owners’
    concerns and catering for property owners’ urgent needs” mean, and truly realise the strength and value of the
    property management industry as a whole.



8        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


As the pace of urbanization is quickening, with a blue ocean market worth a trillion dollar awaiting to be explored,
the property management industry has entered a phase where development is rapid and new values are being
discovered. As the property management industry is becoming more standardised and professional, with the
adoption of vertical integration and smart management, the value of property management is shaping up and
making its presence felt among property owners, who are being provided with basic property management services
of better quality, more diversified community value-added services, as well as more comfortable and time-saving
experience of smart living. The application and fusion of smart technologies have also helped traditional property
management services to adopt the modern model of intensive management.

During the year, many of our industry peers managed to secure new capital, as the capital market saw property
management companies go public in droves. At the beginning of 2020, when many industries were being hit
temporarily by the epidemic, the share prices of property management companies surged. With its asset-light
nature, high visibility of growth as well as high resistance to cyclicality and risk, and thanks to the supportive
government policies, the industry is held in high esteem by the capital market. The development of the industry
is, no doubt, being propelled by new capital. More and more enterprises have taken full advantage of the capital
market to open up diversified financing channels, synchronize technological and human resources strategies,
promote leapfrogging development and lay a solid foundation for a trillion-dollar market.

As industry consolidation continues to increase, the property management industry is witnessing a watershed
moment, when the competitive edge of brand enterprises is becoming more salient. Premium service quality and
leading service brands will win the recognition of property owners and earn a higher satisfaction rate. As a result,
better trust with property owners will be fostered. As the collection and pricing of property management fees
are based on trust, better trust will mean a better chance for the development of subsequent community value-
added services. Meanwhile, the upgrading of traditional communities to smart communities has reached a crucial
moment. Traditional service models are transforming into smart ones in order to provide property owners with safer
and more convenient services.

The market is also looking for more from the leading companies in the property management industry. These
industry leaders will employ smart technologies such as big data, artificial intelligence and robots to create values.
They will help the government to improve services at grassroots level in communities and in society, proactively
taking up social responsibilities. They will further improve the quality of their services through standardisation,
professionalisation and the enhancement of security management, thereby bolstering the reputation of their brands
and instilling in property owners, as consumers, the ideas of “quality should be in line with price” and “a higher price
means better quality” or deepening their belief in them.

We always seek to provide services of premium quality and expand our diversified community value-
added services. We have been working hard in the property management industry for 28 years, and we always
seek to provide services of premium quality using our solid business capability and refined management, so that
property owners can enjoy the comfort offered by property management services. With property owners’ demand
for a better life in mind, we listen to what property owners really want, cater for their everyday needs, enrich
and expand the scope and content of our services and promote their standardisation. With the upgrading of our
business model and the deepening of our platform operation, the ecological layout of our community value-added
services is also gradually expanding. We have penetrated into market segments and forged more diversified,
whole-cycle industrial chains of community value-added services, including housekeeping services, community
advertising media services, turnkey furnishing services, community group purchase and venue operation, etc. We
have also incorporated technology and big data into our value-added services, creating the “Phoenix Club” APP
flow platform and building 360-degree portraits of users. We have consolidated quality resources, both on-line
and off-line, so that the products and services provided by our platform will match accurately property owners’
consumption demands, thereby releasing more profit potential.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2019           9
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     We continue to improve our market expansion ability and achieve efficient and quality growth in size.
     With the change in property owners’ conceptions of consumption and the aid provided by the capital market,
     we have, on the basis of strong organic growth, relied on quality services and the innovative service model of
     technology empowerment to gradually build up a mechanism for market expansion. We tendered for more projects
     and entered into more strategic co-operation agreements, supplementing them with reasonable and quality
     acquisitions. Our work in market expansion bore fruit, as we managed to win projects including China Southern
     Airlines’ base at Beijing Daxing International Airport and the Liaoning Expressway service area, expanding our
     community life services into urban integrated services. Meanwhile, through acquiring several quality property
     management companies with brand influence, we have consolidated our partners’ quality resources to establish
     more diversified forms of services and a more balanced geographical layout, providing ample room for fast and
     stable development in the future. We have been working hard in the urban services sector and exploring the new
     blue ocean of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” Reform, expecting a harvest in the future.

     We enhance the application of technology in smart communities, and we also promote the
     implementation of technology and the development of technology-empowered industry. Under the
     backdrop of artificial intelligence, cloud computing, big data, IoT and other technologies, the traditional property
     industry has already entered into the era of smart technology, which induces a series of reforms within the industry.
     Increasingly more property management enterprises are trying to introduce smart and technological transformation,
     and several smart community projects which served as examples are emerging in the industry as well. These
     changes facilitate enterprises in reducing costs, increasing efficiency and enhancing service quality as well as
     improve the experience of property owners. We are committed to create a better and more secure community
     life with quality for property owners through technology, thus we have successively launched the first “AI+IoT-
     based” AI integrated solution system in the industry, cleaning robots and smart speakers; launched the community
     epidemic-prevention smart solution using digital empowered devices; and entered into strategic cooperation with
     high-tech companies such as Tencent, Alibaba Cloud, Baidu, Hikvision and Bright Dream Robotics (博 智 林 機 器
     人) to form advantageous alliance partnerships. We have become one of the property enterprises with the highest
     density of new technology in the property management sector’s layout, and we are able to empower small and
     medium-sized enterprises as well.

     We uphold the corporate values of “being good to people and good to society”, and we implement
     social responsibilities with practical actions. We actively respond to the country’s targeted poverty alleviation
     policies, and we have launched “power of community” campaigns on the fight against consumption poverty by
     taking the lead to participate in poverty alleviation with the help from community. We linked up with over a million
     property owners and connected the “last mile” service by leveraging the channel resources in urban communities,
     through which we enable the high-quality agricultural products in poverty areas to be directly transported from their
     origins to the dining tables of property owners in urban communities. The call to action of “Bring a catty home (帶
     一 斤 回 家)” directly helps farmers from poverty areas to open up sales channels, increase income and alleviate
     poverty. Moreover, we actively make donations to society and fulfill our social responsibilities. During the outbreak
     of novel coronavirus, we took the initiative to donate protective supplies, and have fully supported the anti-epidemic
     work by providing anti-epidemic support to frontline property management service workers in Wuhan City. We
     proactively respond to the spirit of the meeting of the State Council, create more employment and development
     opportunities for migrant workers and local job seekers and also actively fulfil tax obligations, thus contribute to the
     harmony and stability of society.

     We are committed to “talent-oriented” principle, creating an all-round staff training system, and
     promoting shared growth among enterprise and employees. We highly value outstanding talents, and we
     provide a comprehensive recruitment, promotion, training and development system for all employees. We efficiently
     and systematically attract talents by establishing various recruitment channels, combining job features and




10        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


requirements as well as selecting diversified recruitment channels. We have different training programs designed for
respective employees at all levels, and we set up a “property management capability development plan” targeted
on company’s key group of people for the purpose of reserving key talents for company’s development. Upholding
the concept of “virtue-oriented, equipped with morals and intellect; eclectic and able” for talents, we strive to
provide a harmonious, fair and just working environment that provide satisfaction and rewards to employees,
encourage employees to cooperate while providing them with opportunities to learn, grow and succeed in both
work and life, thus achieving shared growth among employees and the company.

Based on the development model of “Service + Science and Technology” and “Service + Ecology”, we focus on
the business portfolio strategy of “Big Property Management” and “Big Community Services” to strengthen our
four core capabilities, namely, service capabilities, technological capabilities, channel capabilities and investment
capabilities, and to further promote the implementation of the strategies.

We deepen our service capabilities and technological capabilities based on the business strategy of
“Big Property Management”.

We deepen our professional service capabilities. By combining years of service experience in our diversified
business models and the accumulation of our basic services, we have created capabilities for professional facilities
and equipment management. We have carried out our professional operation, improved our basic service standard
system and strived to inject AI technology and machine tools into basic property management services, from which
we created a smart management platform, and promoted the mechanization, intelligence and intensification of
services, and have become leader of service enterprise in the industry.

We deepen the application of our technological capabilities. We have conducted full-scale in-depth business
integration with new technologies, allowing technologies to be implemented in various service scenarios: create
primary AI capabilities and platform, and jointly deploy 5G application with operators; arrange community service
robot matrix; build AI-based service portal for community households, thereby constructing full-ecological and full-
scenario AI community service. At the same time, we have exported smart community implementation solutions to
the industry, empowered small and medium-sized enterprises, and shared AI with peers.

We focus on the business strategy of “Big Community Services” to strengthen our channel capabilities
and investment capabilities.

We deepen our channel capabilities. We have established a membership system, linked up various value-added
businesses, empowered members several living rights, increased the stickiness of property owners, and promoted
a win-win situation for the better lifestyle of property owners and business development.

We deepen our investment capabilities. By self-construction and mergers and acquisitions, we will improve the
value-added business portfolio and ecological layout of enterprises, we have rapidly strengthened the professional
capabilities of our business, and also commenced marketization of potential business.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our appreciation to all our staff and the management team for
their unwavering contribution to the Company. I would also like to extend my sincere appreciations to all our
shareholders and stakeholders for their trust and support. 2020 is destined to be a milestone year, our country will
endeavor to build a comprehensive well-off society and achieve its first century goal. We will also keep pace with
the times, work relentlessly, empower service quality with our technological power, and let more people experience
the beauty of life with our quality services.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          11
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     We wish to create a better society with our existence.

     We are determined to shape a prosperous future through our conscience and social responsibility
     awareness.




     Yang Huiyan
     Chairman of the Board

     Hong Kong, 18 March 2020




12       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Financial Summary

Consolidated Results
                                            2015         2016         2017         2018          2019
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000
Revenue                                 1,672,464    2,358,449    3,121,852    4,675,287     9,644,947
Profit before income tax                 294,913      486,332      608,197     1,069,387     2,076,112
Income tax expense                        (74,460)    (133,804)    (167,734)    (135,177)     (357,721)
Profit for the year                      220,453      352,528      440,463      934,210      1,718,391
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company                    220,453      324,181      401,743      923,154      1,670,664
Non-controlling interests                      —       28,347       38,720       11,056        47,727
                                         220,453      352,528      440,463      934,210      1,718,391
Earnings per share for
  profit attributable to
  owners of the Company
  (expressed in RMB cents per share)
Basic                                                                 16.07        36.93         62.73
Diluted                                                               16.07        36.53         61.67



Consolidated Financial Position
                                            2015         2016         2017         2018          2019
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000
Non-current assets                        47,310       70,084      121,569      851,088      2,044,918
Current assets                          1,386,855    2,397,878    3,355,551    4,670,806    10,224,404
Current liabilities                      856,855     1,384,619    1,920,558    3,127,144     6,427,299
Net current assets                       530,000     1,013,259    1,434,993    1,543,662     3,797,105
Total assets less current liabilities    577,310     1,083,343    1,556,562    2,394,750     5,842,023
Non-current liabilities                        —            —       14,456       65,044       162,497
Equity attributable to owners
  of the Company                         577,310     1,019,430    1,421,173    2,260,787     5,373,156
Non-controlling interests                              63,913      120,933       68,919       306,370
Total equity                             577,310     1,083,343    1,542,106    2,329,706     5,679,526




                                                                                Annual Report 2019        13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
     ANALYSIS
     BUSINESS REVIEW

     Business Overview

     The Group is a leading service provider in comprehensive property management in China with residential property
     as its major focus. Due to our excellent service quality and service brands, we have earned high customer
     satisfaction rate as well as high recognition in the industry. During the year, we were rated top 3 in terms of overall
     evaluation and No. 1 in terms of operating performance among the Top 100 Property Management Companies
     in China, according to China Index Academy and No. 1 among Chinese Community Service Providers in 2019
     according to YIHAN (億 翰 智 庫) and ranked top 10 in “2019 Listed Property Management Service Enterprise”
     according to China Property Management Association.

     The Group covers four major business sectors: (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added
     services, (iii) value-added services to non-property owners, and (iv) the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
     businesses, which constitute part of our comprehensive services we provide to customers that covers the full-
     range of value chain in property management.

     Property Management Services

     We provide property owners, residents and property developers with a series of property management services,
     including security, cleaning, green landscaping, repair and maintenance, and other services. Currently, we still
     focus on residential communities. Yet, with the steady growth of third-party projects, our property management
     portfolio has become diversified by extending community living services to an integrated portfolio of city services
     that serve non-residential properties, including commercial properties, office buildings, multi-purpose complexes,
     government buildings, hospitals and other public facilities, industrial parks, highway service stations, parks, scenic
     areas and schools.




14        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As of 31 December 2019, a breakdown of geographical coverage for managed properties based on i) contracted
GFA, and ii) revenue-bearing GFA respectively is listed as follows:

Contracted GFA
(million sq.m.)


 <1         Jilin, Tibet Autonomous Region

 1–5        Beijing, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Heilongjiang,
            Qinghai, Shanxi, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, Malaysia

 5–10       Chongqing, Shanghai, Gansu, Hainan

 ≥10        Guangdong, Jiangsu, Anhui, Hubei, Hunan, Shandong, Henan, Guizhou, Guangxi Zhuang
            Autonomous Region, Zhejiang, Sichuan, Hebei, Jiangxi, Liaoning, Fujian, Shaanxi, Yunnan, Tianjin


Revenue-bearing GFA
(million sq.m.)


 <1         Heilongjiang, Shanxi, Jilin, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, Qinghai, Tibet Autonomous Region,
            Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region

 1–5        Jiangxi, Guizhou, Hebei, Henan, Beijing, Hainan, Chongqing, Gansu, Inner Mongolia Autonomous
            Region, Shaanxi, Yunnan, Malaysia

 5–10       Liaoning, Zhejiang, Shandong, Tianjin, Shanghai, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Fujian,
            Sichuan

 ≥10        Guangdong, Jiangsu, Anhui, Hubei, Hunan




                                                                                      Annual Report 2019       15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     We own a large-scale property management portfolio. As at 31 December 2019, apart from the property services
     of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, our contracted GFA recorded approximately
     684.7 million sq.m., while our revenue-bearing GFA was approximately 276.1 million sq.m.. In addition, both of
     the revenue-bearing and contracted GFA of the property services of “Three Supplies and Property Management”
     businesses were 84.9 million sq.m. as at 31 December 2019. Our projects cover more than 350 cities in 31
     provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions across China and overseas markets, with a focus on four key
     economically developed city clusters, including the Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze River Delta, the middle reaches
     of the Yangtze River and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei areas in China. We manage a total of 2,405 properties and provide
     property management services to approximately 3.46 million local and overseas property owners and commercial
     tenants. During the year, our collection rate continued to remain high and reached 95.2%.

     Community Value-added Services

     In community value-added service sector, we are committed to becoming an “integrated whole cycle community
     life services operator” by focusing on mature development cycle of communities, the family growth cycle of
     property owners and the property value cycle to provide comprehensive community value-added services to
     property owners. In the past few years, the Group has vigorously promoted the community value-added services.
     We started from providing the basic living needs for the property owners with butler services, and smoothly
     achieved a merging of sales and marketing and channel developments, which enables us to link up external
     business resources with the property owners’ needs. As such, we are able to provide a wide range of community
     value-added services, that specifically include: 1) housekeeping services; 2) turnkey furnishing and move-in
     services; 3) community media services; 4) value-added innovations services; 5) real estate brokerage services; 6)
     community area services.




16       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




During the year, the revenue generated from community value-added services was approximately RMB865.2
million, representing an increase of 107.4% compared to the corresponding period last year; which accounted
for 9.0% of the Company’s total revenue, representing an increase of 0.1 percentage point compared to the
corresponding period last year.

During the year, we intensively explored into the markets of community housekeeping services and community
media services, whereby, we experimented with pilot programmes to discover the preferred service contents and
feasible income sources. Also, we initiated scale-up operations in our established communities. Both community
housekeeping services and community media services recorded outstanding performance, with the revenue of
RMB274.6 million and RMB93.8 million respectively, representing an increase of 207.8% and 218.0% as compared
to that of the same period of 2018 respectively. We promote the traffic flow business within the community value-
added services. Along with the fact that the business model and profit model have become more evident and
defined, the four major branded business segments have gradually taken shape: “Phoenix Home-furnishing”,
specific branded services for one-stop turnkey home furnishing services; “Phoenix Home Services”, for safe,
convenient, professional and attentive housekeeping services; community media services, a portal that reaches
for the full-range of media matrix that helps promote close-tie link-up between consumers and various branded
products; real estate brokerage services, a portal that serves as the property owners’ exclusive property consultant
to help boost and preserve the owners’ asset value.

The “Phoenix Club” App is an online portal we developed specially for the promotion of community value-added
products and services. Besides, this App helps improve the accessibility of our services, as well as to enhance
customers’ satisfaction rate and loyalty. During the year, we actively promoted the use of the “Phoenix Club”
App among the property owners. As at 31 December 2019, the number of registered users has exceeded 4.28
million, and monthly active users exceeded 1.59 million. Due to our serious effort to integrate premium resources
drawn from both online and offline channels, our platform products and services can precisely accommodate the
consumption needs of property owners.

Value-added Services for Non-property Owners

During the year, the revenue from our value-added services for non-property owners was approximately
RMB1,422.1 million, representing an increase of 79.8%, as compared with the corresponding period in 2018 and
accounting for 14.7% of the total revenue of the Company. The value-added services we provide to non-property
owners mainly include (i) consultancy services to property developers for their pre-sale activities, as well as
consultancy services for properties managed by other property management companies, and (ii) cleaning services,
green landscaping, repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-delivery stage, and (iii) sales
and leasing agency services of unsold parking spaces and properties.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2019          17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     The “Three Supplies and Property Management” Businesses

     The Group established a joint venture in 2018 and began to enter the separation and transfer of property
     management and heat supply on “Three Supplies and Property Management” Reform. During the year, we have
     completed the smooth and transitional takeover of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” reform on
     the property management and heat supply businesses. We signed the commission agreements for 955 projects
     in 53 cities of 11 provinces across the country, and drafted and formulated service standards and service unit
     prices for project-based undertakings, among which, the recognised revenue-bearing GFA of the property
     management projects that we took over was approximately 84.9 million sq.m., and the revenue generated
     amounted to RMB525.2 million. The recognised revenue-bearing GFA of heat supply projects that we took over
     was approximately 40.8 million sq.m., and the revenue generated was approximately RMB990.2 million.

     We follow a three-year plan, where we set “to solidify the fundamentals in the first year; to establish the smooth
     development in the second year, and to consolidate the progress in the third year” as our objective. We will
     continue to put our effort to promote the long-term collaboration between the parties and are committed
     to strengthening quality control and improving service standards; we will continue to promote technology
     empowerment and construct smart community platforms; continue to explore the potential market growth for
     community value-added services, as well as to build the business resource platforms; we will optimise our existing
     manpower structure and system, and undertake project-based talent training sessions.

     Fighting Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pneumonia

     Since the epidemic outbreak of COVID-19, property service companies, being the basic unit of grid-type
     governance, have taken the initiative to assume social responsibilities, and have fought together with all sectors
     in the forefront of the epidemic. Its role has transformed from a living service provider to a guardian of customers
     and employees as well as a stabilizer of social operations. “The frontline treatment is in hospitals, and the frontline
     protection is in property management services” — property management companies have formed a government-
     enterprise linkage mechanism with local governments to implement work deployments and have undertaken
     epidemic prevention work that the residents’ committees assigned due to insufficient staff, including: personnel
     inspection, vehicle recording, providing access statistics to communities, temperature measurements of residents,




18        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




providing advice on wearing masks, isolation and quarantine of suspected cases, publicity on epidemic prevention
and control in communities, frequent sanitization and disinfection in public areas, distribution of masks to property
owners, and purchasing and delivering supplies (such as vegetables) for property owners under quarantine which
provides strong protection for residents’ livelihood and epidemic prevention and control.

On the other hand, the epidemic has a certain impact on the daily operations of property companies in the short
term, but in the long term, it will be an opportunity for the Company and the industry. This is mainly reflected in that:
1) the property management service industry will be respected by society and the government, and its exposure
and sense of presence will be significantly improved than before; 2) high-quality property management services can
provide property owners with an intuitive experience, therefore enhance owners’ trust on property management
companies and demand for quality properties, which has a positive impact on the collection rate of subsequent
property management fees; 3) it will facilitate the building of good service reputation and brand. The reputation
and brand building of property management services usually take time, and such outbreak may help high-quality
property management companies build a good service reputation and brand image faster. Property owners will
be inclined to choose leading companies with reputation, ability and good services. The integration of small and
medium-sized property management companies will also be strengthened, which may accelerate the improvement
of industry consolidation; 4) the impact on the future development of the industry will be reflected in the further
deployments of technology to replace labor. Leading companies with high-technology can empower other small
and medium-sized companies and output complete set of solutions. In terms of new business, new value-added
service models and businesses will be developed; 5) governments at all levels have successively introduced
supportive policies applicable to property management companies to alleviate the short-term adverse effects
arising from the epidemic.


PROSPECTS AND FUTURE PLANS
Maintain high-quality scale expansion, while intensively develop the community value-added services to
benefit from potential market growth

The large-scale effect has been the key to facilitate our sustainable growth in business. Due to our extensive
geographical coverage, and project operation scale, which is higher than industry average, we are able to reduce
our operating costs and reap the maximum values from platform operations. In the future, we will continue to
leverage project-based resource advantages brought by the steady development of affiliated companies, undertake
premium projects and speed up expansion. Meanwhile, we plan to continue to enhance marketing expansion
capabilities and to promote low-cost brand development, which includes seeking new businesses from (among
others) small-and-medium-sized property developers, governments, industrial parks and schools, and that we will
contribute to the “Three Supplies and Property Management” Reform of state-owned enterprises, and expand GFA
from third-party developers. We will closely follow government policies, explore market opportunities and cautiously
proceed with high-quality mergers and acquisitions, so as to achieve efficient and quality scale expansion.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2019           19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     We will persist to build up our capabilities in channels and investment to provide a comprehensive portfolio
     of community value-added services, so as to explore the potential market growth for community value-added
     services. We intend to achieve full-coverage of community media hub at low-tier cities through integrating and
     merging online and offline channel resources at community level and formulation of a community-based scenario
     that allows an integrated marketing and communication portal. We will continue to build up precise and prudent
     investment capabilities. To this end, we will establish professional team and set up investment funds that cater
     for facility management, asset management and greater community living services sectors, among others. Such
     development will further refine our corporate business portfolio and ecological framework, as well as to allow for a
     full-launch of offline channels that facilitates a close matching between the needs of property owners and services
     provided by commercial operators, which in turn has enabled an optimal allocation of resources among diverse
     needs. In addition, the high population density conjured up by large-scale projects has helped generate more
     value-added service needs and this becomes a natural competitive edge for us to develop community value-added
     services. Due to the enormous loyalty and recognition we earned from property owners through our provision of
     excellent services for longstanding years, we have laid a solid ground for developing our community value-added
     services. We will leverage the core coverage advantages of population, assets, and channels to reap benefits from
     the potential growth in the business of community value-added services.

     “Urban Co-existence Programme” shows positive results; apply “Amazing Plus (美好+)” operation model
     in expressway service area

     In 2018, we launched the city service product system “Urban Co-existence Programme” of CG Services,
     while in 2019, we officially entered Kaiyuan City in Liaoning Province. We provided integrated smart services
     to the aforesaid city, and have made impressive progresses in various aspects, including urban environmental
     improvement, and public disaster contingency support services. All along, we have steadily developed and
     implemented value-added service models. In the future, we will serve as a pioneer in providing brand new public
     services oriented to theme of city-governance. By taking gradual steps in applying city-based digitalised operation
     and maintenance platform, the Company will provide a wide spectrum of municipal public services that covers
     infrastructure, parks and scenic spots, cultural and sports centers, transportation hubs, hospitals, schools,
     commercial office buildings, residential communities, among others, with all such facilities in multi-faceted sectors
     all operated under an integrated city-based on big property management model.

     Moreover, we innovatively initiate the strategic blueprint, themed “Amazing Plus” as our services provision catered
     for expressway areas. Our Company aims to create a “professional expressway service brand in China”, that will
     enable commuters to have the privilege to attentive service system, as well as to effectively utilise the assets’
     values within the expressway service areas. In the future, we will base on expressway as a hub, applying the smart
     operation model, “Urban Co-existence Programme” to expressway service areas. Our business operation will
     stretch from commercial operation services to monetizing data analysis of commuters in transit. We also intend to
     initiate AI smart maintenance on facilities and environment, that will allow us to promote the betterment for cities
     along the same line of traffic. We will also contribute to the high-quality environmental development for cities by
     making them the best suitable for living, business, tourism and healthcare.




20       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Promote the applications of smart community and lead the trend in “AI plus Community” development in
the industry

Applying digitalization and smart technology has become the key to enhance efficiency as well as to reduce costs
in property management services industry. More importantly, with the help of technology enhancement, we are able
to standardize our service by the automation of AI technology. By doing so, we will save labour and time cost so
that our staff will have more opportunities to contact property owners directly to deliver attentive services and more
user-friendly and personalised premium services.

We launched the first “AI + IoT based” artificial intelligence integrated solution product system in the industry,
including all products in the CLOUD, EDGE, END structures, providing a complete solution for smart communities,
to achieve an integrated solution of cloud-based data and decision-making with community scenarios via edge
servers. Such solution has the four advantages of “all-scenario, all-intelligence; full-integration, and full-chain”
operation, that facilitates an overall smart city development. During the fight to contain COVID-19, we innovatively
initiated community barriers that include infrared thermographs to achieve highly efficient access control, drone
disinfection and ultraviolet germicidal lamps to achieve a wider coverage of three-dimensional sanitation and
termination impact. This testifies the empowerment of science and technology to promote community epidemic
prevention and control. In the future, we will continue to develop smart applications, as well as to share and
integrate digitalised and smart solutions and products in the industry. We will base on technological capacities
offered by AI, cloud computing, big data, and IoT, to intensify penetrative strategic collaborative efforts with
Tencent and Alibaba Cloud, Baidu, Hikvision, Bright Dream Robotics (博 智 林 機 器 人) and other competitive
affiliated partners. Ultimately, we aim to facilitate the implementation of “AI plus Community” initiative, that will not
only benefit small and medium-sized property enterprises, but also improve the service effectiveness and efficiency
in property management, and, therefore, more property owners will be offered with a more attentive and premium
service system.

Center on “Big Property Management”; expand service mode both vertically and horizontally to enhance
service quality

We are in the grand era of property management, there is huge space for the expansion of property management
companies both in the horizontal and vertical dimensions within the context of “Big Property Management. We have
completed the equity cooperation with Liyang Zhongli Elevators and Escalators (溧 陽 中 立 電 梯), a professional
elevator company, to further promote the elevator management and standardised services to our managed
communities. Based on the business ethic of safety first, we are poised to develop a deeper market penetration
with our professional services. In the future, on the basis of providing security, cleaning, green landscaping,
maintenance and repair, and butler services, we will vertically explore more professional services, including
professional maintenance services for elevators, pest control, and professional security services.

We will continue to make full use of our advantages in terms of population, assets, channels in virtue of the large
scale of our property management portfolio to develop more extensive and diversified value-added services;
providing high-tech and digital facilities and equipments management services on the basis of the integrated
property services through intensive management and technology empowerment; realizing the full coverage of asset
facilities operation and asset value management through the upgrading of professional capabilities. At the same
time, we will further promote the horizontal extension of service types to extend the services to the ends of living
and assets. In the space of “Big Property Management”, we will open up more room for development by means of
cooperation, merger and acquisition, self-development to drive the Group to fulfill the corporate vision of becoming
an international leading technology-based integrated services group.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2019           21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Material acquisitions

     The Company currently has a large area of reserved GFA and is well positioned to have access to acquire GFA.
     Since the listing, the Company has been closely focusing on the merger and acquisition opportunities in the market
     and prudently assessing the matching degree of each project with the existing businesses of the Company and
     their potential profitability. During the Year, we completed several material equity acquisitions (details are set out in
     note 32 to the consolidated financial statements). These acquisitions will enable CG Services to further expand the
     scale and the scope of its business, deepen the synergy with the existing projects and achieve the complementary
     effect among regions and industries.


     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Revenue

     The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services,
     (iii) value-added services to non-property owners, (iv) Three Supplies and Property Management businesses.
     For the year ended 31 December 2019, the total revenue increased by approximately 106.3% to approximately
     RMB9,644.9 million from approximately RMB4,675.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     (1)   Property management services

           During the Year, the revenue from property management services increased by approximately 68.8% to
           approximately RMB5,817.0 million from approximately RMB3,445.5 million for the year ended 31 December
           2018, accounting for approximately 60.3% of the total revenue (for the corresponding period in 2018:
           approximately 73.7%).

           The table below sets out the breakdown of (i) our revenue-bearing GFA, and (ii) our revenue generated from
           the management of properties developed by the CGH Group and independent third-party property developers
           respectively, as at the dates or for the periods indicated:

                                                    For the year ended/                       For the year ended/
                                                  As at 31 December 2019                    As at 31 December 2018
                                                                 Revenue-bearing                            Revenue-bearing
                                               Revenue                GFA                Revenue                  GFA

                                           (RMB’000)     (%) (’000 sq.m.)    (%)    (RMB’000)      (%)   (’000 sq.m.)     (%)

      Properties developed by
        the CGH Group                      4,349,499    74.8     203,924     73.9   3,054,342     88.6      145,475      80.1
      Properties developed by
        independent third-party property
        developers                         1,467,462    25.2      72,176     26.1     391,147     11.4        36,033     19.9

      Total                                5,816,961   100.0     276,100    100.0   3,445,489    100.0      181,508     100.0

           The revenue-bearing GFA increased by approximately 94.6 million sq.m. from approximately 181.5 million
           sq.m. for the same period in 2018 to approximately 276.1 million sq.m.; among which, the revenue-bearing
           GFA from management of properties developed by independent third-party property developers increased
           by approximately 100.3%, and its percentage of the total revenue-bearing increased by 6.2 percentage
           points from 19.9% for the same periods in 2018 to 26.1%. This was mainly due to the significant effect of
           market expansion, diversification of property management services which focuses on residential communities,
           discovery of new profit growth points, addition of non-residential property management service areas such
           as hospital and industry parks, commercial buildings and schools, and the continuing promotion of scale
           development of enterprises to provide professional integrated city operation services.

     (2)   Community value-added services

           During the Year, the revenue from community value-added services increased by approximately 107.4%
           to approximately RMB865.2 million from approximately RMB417.2 million for the year ended 31 December
           2018, accounting for approximately 9.0% of the total revenue (for the corresponding period in 2018:
           approximately 8.9%).



22         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      The increase in revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to:

      (a)   During the Year, the revenue from housekeeping services increased by approximately 207.8% to
            approximately RMB274.6 million from approximately RMB89.2 million for the year ended 31 December
            2018.

      (b)   During the Year, the revenue from turn-key furnishing and move-in services increased by approximately
            70.4% to approximately RMB97.8 million from approximately RMB57.4 million for the year ended 31
            December 2018.

      (c)   During the Year, the revenue from community media services increased by approximately 218.0% to
            approximately RMB93.8 million from approximately RMB29.5 million for the year ended 31 December
            2018.

      (d)   During the Year, the revenue from value-added innovations services increased by approximately
            92.8% to approximately RMB144.8 million from approximately RMB75.1 million for the year ended 31
            December 2018.

      (e)   During the Year, the revenue from real estate brokerage services increased by approximately 30.3% to
            approximately RMB138.1 million from approximately RMB106.0 million for the year ended 31 December
            2018.

      (f)   During the Year, the revenue from community area services increased by approximately 93.5% to
            approximately RMB116.1 million from approximately RMB60.0 million for the year ended 31 December
            2018.

      As discussed above, we provided property owners with a full range of community value-added services. With
      the continuous expansion of the management area and the number of customers covered by our property
      management service business, and by building a community value-added service system with high reach,
      good experience and strong trust through service innovation, precision marketing, increased penetration,
      external cooperation, brand creation and other methods, the Group further provided property owners with
      rich, affordable and convenient livelihood services and also brought rapid growth to the community value-
      added services.

(3)   Value-added services to non-property owners

      During the Year, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners increased by approximately
      79.8% to approximately RMB1,422.1 million from approximately RMB791.1 million for the same period
      in 2018, accounting for approximately 14.7% of the total revenue (for the corresponding period in 2018:
      approximately 16.9%).

      The increase in value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to the fact that: (i) the Group’s
      consultancy services for pre-sale business management saw a decline in service income of individual cases, but
      the significant increase in the number of projects brought about revenue growth; (ii) pre-delivery cleaning and
      other services achieved growth; (iii) since the second half of 2018, the Group has been commissioned by CGH
      Group to collect agency fees for the sales and leasing agency services of unsold parking spaces and properties.
      Revenue for this period had higher growth when compared to the same period of last year, increased to
      approximately RMB195.2 million from approximately RMB66.7 million for the same period of 2018.

(4)   Three Supplies and Property Management Businesses

      During the Year, the Group has successfully taken over the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
      businesses. The revenue from “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses currently include of the
      revenue arising from property management services and heat supply services.



                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             Among which, the revenue from property management services was approximately RMB525.2 million, the
             revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services was 84.9 million sq.m. as of 31 December 2019;
             the revenue from heat supply services was approximately RMB990.2 million, the revenue-bearing GFA of the
             heat supply services was 40.8 million sq.m. as of 31 December 2019.

     Cost of Services

     The Group’s cost of services includes (i) staff cost, (ii) cleaning cost, (iii) heat supply cost, (iv) maintenance cost,
     (v) utilities, (vi) greening and gardening cost, (vii) transportation cost, (viii) office and communication cost, (ix)
     taxes and surcharges, (x) security expenses, (xi) depreciation and amortisation charges, (xii) community activities
     cost, (xiii) travelling and entertainment cost, (xiv) others. During the Year, the cost of services was approximately
     RMB6,592.7 million, representing an increase of approximately 126.3% as compared to approximately RMB2,913.7
     million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     Such increase was mainly reflected in the increase in labour cost and various costs as a result of continuous
     expansion of the revenue-bearing GFA of the Group.

     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

     During the Year, the overall gross profit increased by approximately RMB1,290.6 million to approximately
     RMB3,052.2 million from approximately RMB1,761.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018, representing an
     increase of approximately 73.3%.

     During the Year, the overall gross profit margin decreased by 6.1 percentage points to approximately 31.6% from
     approximately 37.7% for the year ended 31 December 2018, and the overall gross profit margin decreased was
     mainly due to that the gross profit margin of new projects and the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
     businesses was lower than the average gross profit margin of the Group.

     (i)     Property management services

             During the Year, the gross profit margin of property management services decreased by 1.7 percentage
             points to approximately 30.2% from approximately 31.9% for the year ended 31 December 2018.

             The decrease in the gross profit margin of property management services was mainly due to the Group’s
             acquisition of various property management companies in the second half of the year and the active
             increase of external market expansion projects. The above mentioned new projects lowered the gross profit
             margin of property management services to a certain extent.

     (ii)    Community value-added services

             During the Year, the gross profit margin of community value-added services increased by 0.1 percentage
             points to approximately 66.2% from approximately 66.1% for the year ended 31 December 2018.

             The gross profit margin of community value-added services was relatively stably, business structure
             optimization, the community value-added service system was further improved.

     (iii)   Value-added services to non-property owners

             During the Year, the gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners decreased by 7.1
             percentage points to approximately 41.0% from approximately 48.1% for the year ended 31 December
             2018.




24           Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       The decrease in the gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to
       (i) the provision of consultancy services for pre-sale business management saw a decline in service income
       of individual cases; (ii) the business of pre-delivery cleaning and other services with low gross profit margin
       further increased, resulting in a decrease in gross profit margin.

(iv)   Three Supplies and Property Management Business

       During the Year, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, the gross profit margin of its
       property management services was approximately 13.4%, and the gross profit margin of heat supply services
       was approximately 6.0%.

       Among which, the gross profit margin of the property management services was lower than the average
       level in the Group, which was mainly due to the fact that service targets of Three Supplies and Property
       Management were mostly state-owned enterprise communities that established early, and the unit price of
       property charges were low; in addition, the proportion of maintenance costs for old facilities of property in
       Three Supplies and Property Management is higher than that of the Group; the gross profit margin of the heat
       supply services was slightly lower than the average level in the industry, which was mainly because subject
       to the background as state-owned enterprises, the heat supply service level was higher than the market level
       which resulted in higher costs.

Selling and Marketing Expenses

During the Year, selling and marketing expenses were approximately RMB66.8 million, representing an increase of
approximately 151.1% as compared with approximately RMB26.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

The increase in selling and marketing expenses was mainly due to the expansion of staff costs and professional
consultancy fees incurred by the Group during its search for better business targets and continuing mergers and
acquisitions to expand third-party properties, resulting in an increase of selling and marketing expenses compared
to the same period in 2018.

General and Administrative Expenses

During the Year, general and administrative expenses were approximately RMB1,207.6 million, representing
an increase of approximately 59.0% as compared with approximately RMB759.7 million for the year ended 31
December 2018.

The increase in general and administrative expenses was mainly due to the expansion of the Group’s business
scale with the increase in its total revenue-bearing GFA. In 2019, the Group’s organizational structure went
through adjustments with the merging of certain segments, its management was streamlined by implementing
“one post with multi-functions” policy, resulting in improvement in per capita efficiency. Of which, the share-based
compensation expenses was approximately RMB14.4 million.

Other Income

During the Year, other income was approximately RMB51.1 million, representing an increase of approximately
135.5% as compared with approximately RMB21.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

The increase in other income was mainly due to (i) increase in employment, tax refund and other relevant
government subsidies compared to the same period of last year as the Group expanded its business; (ii) increase in
other income of approximately RMB12.0 million for the Year arising from the taxation benefit of 10% on deductible
input tax enjoyed by the Group as a taxpayer in the industries of living services from 1 April 2019 to 31 December
2021 with the implementation of the policies on substantial reduction of value added tax in mainland China.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Other Gains — Net

     During the Year, other gains — net were approximately RMB178.1 million, representing an increase of
     approximately RMB149.6 million as compared with approximately RMB28.5 million for the year ended 31
     December 2018.

     The increase was mainly due to investment return from financial assets at fair value through profit and loss of
     approximately RMB115.1 million.

     Finance Income — Net

     During the Year, the finance income — net was approximately RMB91.9 million, representing an increase of
     approximately 70.8% compared with approximately RMB53.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     On the one hand, the increase of the finance income — net was mainly due to the increase in interest income
     derived from deposits, mainly benefiting from a higher cash level and more efficient deposit management as
     compared to that as at the end of the corresponding period last year; on the other hand, exchange gains was
     generated on bank deposits that dominated in Hong Kong dollar that received by the Group from the issue of
     shares at the beginning of this year as a result of depreciation of RMB.

     Income Tax Expense

     During the Year, income tax expense was approximately RMB357.7 million, representing an increase of
     approximately 164.6% compared to approximately RMB135.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     The increase was mainly due to (i) the overprovision for income tax expense of approximately RMB58.3 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2017 of our major subsidiary, CG Life Services, was reversed in 2018, while there
     was no such impact during the Year; (ii) the increase of the Group’s profit before income tax as a result of income
     tax expense increased.

     Profit for the Year

     During the Year, the net profit of the Group was approximately RMB1,718.4 million, representing an increase of
     approximately 83.9% compared to approximately RMB934.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     During the Year, the profit attributable to the owners of the Company increased from approximately RMB923.2
     million for year ended 31 December 2018 to approximately RMB1,670.7 million, representing an increase of
     approximately 81.0%.

     During the Year, the profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of the Company increased by approximately
     329.7% from approximately RMB11.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to approximately RMB47.7
     million.

     Property, Plant and Equipment

     Property, plant and equipment of the Group comprise transportation equipment, machinery equipment, electronic
     equipment, building, office equipment and leasehold improvements.

     As at 31 December 2019, the property, plant and equipment of the Group was approximately RMB311.9 million,
     representing an increase of approximately RMB193.1 million from approximately RMB118.8 million as at 31
     December 2018, mainly due to (i) an increase in tangible assets injected by non-controlling shareholders as capital;
     (ii) an increase in the purchase of transportation equipment, machinery equipment, electronic equipment etc. for the
     purpose of meeting the requirements of the Group’s business development during the Year, which was partly offset
     by the depreciation during the Year.




26       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Intangible Assets

The intangible assets of the Group mainly comprise goodwill arising from equity acquisitions, property management
contracts and customer relationships and software assets.

As at 31 December 2019, the intangible assets of the Group were approximately RMB1,603.9 million, representing
an increase of approximately RMB917.6 million compared to approximately RMB686.3 million as at 31 December
2018, which was mainly due to several equity acquisitions completed by the Group during the Year, resulting in
goodwill of approximately RMB712.0 million and property management contracts and customer relationships of
approximately RMB222.7 million. Besides, the amortization of property contracts and customer relationships arising
from the acquisitions during the Year was approximately RMB41.0 million.

Trade and Other Receivables

Trade and other receivables include trade receivables, other receivables and prepayments.

As at 31 December 2019, the Group recorded net trade receivables of approximately RMB1,574.0 million,
representing an increase of approximately RMB1,006.5 million compared to approximately RMB567.5 million as at
31 December 2018, mainly due to the significant increase in the total revenue of the Group.

The net other receivable increased by 92.8% from approximately RMB190.5 million as at 31 December 2018 to
approximately RMB367.2 million as at 31 December 2019, mainly due to the increase in security deposits, utilities,
garbage and other fees collected and paid for property owners when compared with 2018.

Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include wealth management products and investments in closed-
end funds. On 31 December 2019, the balance of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of the Group
amounted to approximately RMB1,280.7 million. All the applicable percentages for such transactions calculated
under the Listing Rules are less than 5%, therefore, related transactions do not constitute disclosable transactions.

Contract Liabilities

The contract liabilities mainly arose from the advance payments made by customers for the underlying services
such as property management services and community value-added services, which are yet to be provided.

The contract liabilities increased from approximately RMB1,000.2 million as at 31 December 2018 to approximately
RMB1,618.1 million as at 31 December 2019, representing an increase of approximately RMB617.9 million, which
was mainly due to an increase in prepayment for property services as a result of an increase in the revenue-bearing
GFA.

Trade and Other Payables

Trade and other payables include trade payables, other payables, payroll payables and other taxes payables.

Trade payables primarily represent payables for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
business from suppliers, including purchase of materials and utilities as well as purchase from sub-contractors.

As at 31 December 2019, trade payables of the Group were approximately RMB1,480.2 million, representing an
increase of approximately RMB1,129.5 million compared to approximately RMB350.7 million as at 31 December
2018, primarily due to the Group’s business expansion resulting in an increase in material procurement costs, labor
outsourcing costs and utility fees.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Other payables primarily include (i) deposits from property owners in relation to interior decorations; (ii) temporary
     receipts from properties owners (mainly consisting of utilities fees collected from properties owners and
     income generated from common area value-added services that belongs to properties owners); (iii) outstanding
     considerations payable for business combinations; (iv) accruals and others (mainly in relation to withholding funds
     for utilities and advance).

     Other payables increased from approximately RMB1,072.0 million as at 31 December 2018 to approximately
     RMB2,012.8 million as at 31 December 2019, primarily due to the impact of an increase in outstanding
     considerations payable for business combinations, deposits from property owners for interior decorations and the
     income generated from community area services that belongs to properties owners.

     Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

     As at 31 December 2019, total bank deposits and cash (including restricted bank deposits) of the Group were
     approximately RMB6,926.0 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB3,051.7 million as compared
     with approximately RMB3,874.3 million as at 31 December 2018. Out of the total bank deposits and cash of
     the Group, restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB11.9 million (as at 31 December 2018: approximately
     RMB5.4 million) mainly represented the cash deposits in bank as performance security for property management
     services according to the requirements of the local government authorities.

     As at 31 December 2019, the net current assets of the Group were approximately RMB3,797.1 million (31
     December 2018: approximately RMB1,543.7 million). The current ratio (current assets/current liabilities) of the
     Group was 1.6 times (31 December 2018: 1.5 times).

     For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any loan or borrowing.

     Key Risk Factors and Uncertainties

     The following content lists out the key risks and uncertainties confronted by the Group. It is a non- exhaustive list
     and there may be other risks and uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.

     Industry Risk

     The Group’s operations are subject to the regulatory environment and measures affecting the property
     management industry in the PRC. In particular, the fees that property management companies may charge for
     property management services are subject to regulation and supervision by relevant regulatory authorities. The
     Group’s business performance primarily depends on the total contracted and revenue-bearing GFA and the
     number of properties the Group manages, but the Group’s business growth is, and will likely continue to be
     affected by the PRC government regulations of the Group industries.

     Business Risk

     The Group’s ability to maintain or improve the Group’s current level of profitability depends on the Group’s ability
     to control operating costs (particularly labour costs) and the Group’s profit margins and results of operations may
     be materially and adversely affected by the increase in labour or other operating costs; The Group may not procure
     new property management service contracts as planned or at desirable pace or price; The Group may not be able
     to collect property management fees from customers and as a result, may incur impairment losses on receivables;
     Termination or non-renewal of the Group’s property management services for a significant number of properties
     could have a material adverse effect on business, financial position and results of operations.




28        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Foreign Exchange Risk

The Group principally focuses on its business in the PRC. Except for bank deposits and trade receivables
denominated in foreign currencies, the Group was not subject to any other material risk directly relating to foreign
exchange fluctuations. During the Year, the Directors expected that fluctuations of the RMB exchange rate would
not materially and adversely affect the operations of the Group. The management will continue to monitor the
foreign exchange exposure, and take prudent measures to reduce foreign exchange risks.

Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at 31 December 2019, the Group had 54,085 employees (31 December 2018: 33,609 employees). During the
Year, the total staff costs were approximately RMB4,041.6 million.

The remuneration package of the employees includes salary, bonus and other cash subsidies. Employees are
rewarded on a performance related basis, together with reference to the profitability of the Group, remuneration
benchmarks in the industry, and prevailing market conditions within the general framework of the Group’s salary
and bonus system.

The Group is subject to social insurance contribution plans or other pension schemes prescribed by the local
governments and is required to pay on behalf of its employees, a monthly social insurance funds covering pension
fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and unemployment insurance, and
the housing provident fund, or to contribute regularly to other mandatory provident fund schemes on behalf of
its employees. The Group has also approved and/or adopted certain share option scheme, details of which are
disclosed in the paragraph headed “Pre-listing Share Option Scheme” of this report.

Employee Training and Development

The Group organized various special talent training camps, quality development training, cross- district exchange
and learning, video conferences, seminars, etc. We also evaluated and fed back the training effectiveness by
means of training assessment, implementation of key tasks, rotation practice, etc.

During the Year, the Company held various kinds of trainings, the number of participants reached approximately
280,000 person-time and a total of tens of thousands of training hours, of which 16 trainings were for developing
talents. This has effectively enhanced the management level of all senior management and the service ability of our
frontline staff and further optimized our talent structure to make our talent team more accordant with the business
development of the Company.

Dividends

The final dividend in respect of 2018 of RMB8.49 cents (equivalent to HKD9.66 cents) per share, totalling
RMB226,309,000, has been approved at the Annual General Meeting on 20 May 2019 and paid in cash in July
2019.

The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a 2019 final dividend of RMB15.14 cents per share, totalling
RMB417,670,000, which has taken into account the expected exercise of share options as of the record date for
the eligible shareholders. Such dividend is to be approved by the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General
Meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.

Charge on Assets

As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any charges on its assets.

Contingent Liabilities

As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.



                                                                                           Annual Report 2019          29
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Directors

     Ms. Yang Huiyan (楊 惠 妍), aged 38, was appointed as a Non-executive Director and the chairman of the Board
     on 9 March 2018 and is responsible for the formulation and provision of guidance and development strategies for
     the overall development of the Group. Ms. Yang is also the chairman of the nomination committee and a member
     of the remuneration committee of the Company. Ms. Yang is a controlling shareholder of the Company indirectly
     holding the shares of the Company through Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior (both of which are beneficially
     wholly-owned by Ms. Yang with Ms. Yang as a director).

     Ms. Yang joined CGH in March 2005 as a general manager of the procurement department, where she was
     responsible for overall procurement decision making until November 2006. Ms. Yang was appointed as an
     executive director of CGH in December 2006 and a vice chairman of CGH in March 2012 and was re-designated
     from a vice chairman to a co-chairman of CGH in December 2018. She is mainly responsible for assisting Mr.
     Yeung Kwok Keung, the chairman of CGH, in the day-to-day work of the CGH Group, and responsible for the CGH
     Group’s strategic investments and new business exploration based on the existing business, such as new retail
     business. Ms. Yang is also a member of the corporate governance committee, the executive committee and the
     finance committee of CGH and a director of various members of the CGH Group.

     Ms. Yang was appointed as a director of the board and the chairman of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited
     (the shares of which are listed on The New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU)) since December 2016.

     Ms. Yang graduated from Ohio State University in the United States in March 2005, where she obtained a bachelor
     degree in business administration and she also obtained an EMBA degree from Tsinghua University in 2019.

     Ms. Yang was awarded “China Charity Award Special Contribution Award” in 2008 and “China Poverty Alleviation
     Award Contribution Award” in 2019.

     Ms. Yang is a cousin of Mr. Yang Zhicheng, a Non-executive Director.

     Mr. Yang Zhicheng (楊 志 成), aged 46, was appointed as a Non-executive Director on 9 March 2018 and is
     responsible for the provision of guidance for the overall development of the Group.

     From 1992 to 1997, Mr. Yang served as a project manager at Shunde Sanhe Property Development Company
     Limited* (順 德 市 三 和 物 業 發 展 有 限 公 司), the predecessor of Shunbi Property, where he was responsible for
     property project management and public relations. Since 1997, Mr. Yang has served as a project general manager
     at the CGH Group, where he was responsible for the overall management of several property development
     projects. He has been an executive director, the president of Jiangzhong region and the vice president of CGH
     since December 2006, January 2010 and November 2017 respectively, and is mainly responsible for the overall
     development and management of certain property development projects of the CGH Group.

     Mr. Yang graduated from Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長 江 商 學 院) in September 2013, where he
     obtained a degree of executive master in business administration.

     Mr. Yang is a cousin of Ms. Yang Huiyan, a controlling shareholder, non-executive Director and the chairman of the
     Board.

     Ms. Wu Bijun (伍 碧 君), aged 46, was appointed as a Non-executive Director on 9 March 2018 and is responsible
     for the provision of guidance for the overall development of the Group.

     Ms. Wu worked at Hubei Branch of China Construction Bank Corporation* (中 國 建 設 銀 行 股 份 有 限 公 司 湖 北 省 分
     行) from 1996 to 1998. Ms. Wu was the chief auditor of Foshan Zhixin Certified Public Accountants Co., Limited*
     (佛 山 市 智 信 會 計 師 事 務 所 有 限 公 司) from 1999 to 2002. From 2002 to 2005, she worked at Foshan Shunde




30       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Finance and Taxation Bureau* (佛 山 市 順 德 區 財 稅 局). Ms. Wu joined the CGH Group in November 2005 and had
served as the general manager of the finance department until May 2013 and the assistant of the president from
September 2011 to April 2014. She has been serving as the general manager of the finance centre, vice president
and chief financial officer of CGH since May 2013, April 2014 and April 2017 respectively. Ms. Wu is mainly
responsible for the financial management of the CGH Group.

Ms. Wu graduated from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中 南 財 經 政 法 大 學) (formerly known as
Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics (中 南 財 經 大 學)) in the PRC in July 1995, where she obtained a
bachelor degree of economics. She also obtained a degree of executive master of business administration from
China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院) in October 2015. Ms. Wu became a PRC Certified
Public Accountant (中 國 註 冊 會 計 師) certified by The Certified Public Accountant Examination Committee of The
Ministry of Finance (財 政 部 註 冊 會 計 師 考 試 委 員 會) in July 1998 and a PRC Certified Tax Agent (中 國 註 冊 稅 務 師)
certified by the Personnel Department of Guangdong Province (廣 東 省 人 事 廳) in October 1999.

Mr. Li Changjiang (李長江), aged 54, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018 and has been the
president of CG Life Services since he joined the Group in December 2011. Mr. Li is primarily responsible for the
overall strategic decisions, business planning and major operational decision making of the Group.

Prior to joining the Group, from March 1997 to September 2006, Mr. Li has served various positions including
administrative director at Guangzhou Everbright Garden Property Management Company Limited* (廣 州 市 光
大 花 園 物 業 管 理 有 限 公 司) from March 1997 to May 1999, property manager at Shenzhen Expander Property
Management Company Limited* (深 圳 市 城 建 物 業 管 理 有 限 公 司) from May 1999 to April 2002 and property
manager and assistant general manager at Shenzhen Gemdale Property Management Company Limited* (深 圳
市 金 地 物 業 管 理 有 限 公 司) from April 2002 to September 2006, where he was responsible for various tasks,
including administrative management, customer services management, marketing and property management.
From September 2006 to December 2011, Mr. Li was a regional director within the group of A-Living Services Co.,
Ltd. (雅 居 樂 雅 生 活 服 務 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
3319) where he was mainly responsible for the overall operation and management of property management in the
Southern China region.

Mr. Li graduated from Southwest Agricultural University (西 南 農 業 大 學) in the PRC in July 1989.

Mr. Xiao Hua (肖 華), aged 42, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018 and has been the vice
president of CG Life Services since February 2013. Mr. Xiao is primarily responsible for the overall management of
value-added services to non-property owners.

From April 2004 to April 2009, Mr. Xiao worked at the Group as an assistant manager, a deputy manager and a
manager at Chencun branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the security management
and providing assistance to day-to-day operation of the branch office and a deputy manager, a manager and
a senior manager at Huabi branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the day-to-day
operation and management of the branch office. From April 2009 to December 2009, Mr. Xiao was promoted to
regional director at Changsha branch office and in January 2010, to regional director of Zengcheng branch office,
where he was primarily responsible for the overall operation, management and brand development of property
management services until February 2013.

Mr. Guo Zhanjun (郭 戰 軍), aged 40, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018 and has been the
vice president of CG Life Services since he joined the Group in August 2017. Mr. Guo is primarily responsible for
overall management of human resources of the Group.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019          31
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Prior to joining the Group, from July 2002 to September 2010, Mr. Guo served various positions including human
     resource supervisor at Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Company Limited* (鄭 州 宇 通 客 車 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company
     listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600066), manager, senior manager and head of the human
     resources department at GD Midea Air-Conditioning Equipment Co., Ltd* (廣 東 美 的 製 冷 設 備 有 限 公 司) and
     human resources director at AUX Group Co., Ltd.* (奧 克 斯 集 團 有 限 公 司), a company mainly engaged in the
     manufacturing and sales of electrical equipment and home appliances. From August 2011 to March 2013, Mr.
     Guo was the head of the human resources department in the concrete business unit of Zoomlion Heavy Industry
     Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (中聯重科股份有限公司) (formerly known as Changsha Zoomlion Heavy Industry
     Science and Technology Development Co., Ltd. (長 沙 中 聯 重 工 科 技 發 展 股 份 有 限 公 司)), a company listed on the
     Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000157) and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1157).
     Mr. Guo joined the CGH Group as a deputy general manager of the training and development department in July
     2013 and was promoted to human resources director of Jiangzhong region in April 2014 and general manager
     of the recruiting department in January 2016, where he was mainly responsible for human resources planning
     and management. From June 2016 to February 2017, he left the CGH Group and joined the Beijing branch office
     of Thaihot Group Co., Ltd.* (泰 禾 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司 北 京 分 公 司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 000732), as a deputy general manager of the human resources department and a human
     resources director of the Beijing region. Mr. Guo returned to the CGH Group as the assistant general manager of
     the human resources management centre in February 2017 and was responsible for human resources planning and
     management until June 2017.

     Mr. Guo graduated from Renmin University of China (中 國 人 民 大 學) in the PRC in July 2002, where he obtained a
     bachelor degree in environmental economic and resource management.

     Mr. Mei Wenjue (梅 文 珏), aged 50, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May 2018
     and is responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Mei is also a member of the audit committee
     and the remuneration committee of the Company.

     Mr. Mei has served as chief executive officer and director at Guangzhou Ruizhi Car Rental Company Limited*
     (廣 州 瑞 致 租 車 有 限 公 司) (a company primarily engaged in car rental business) since November 2014 and May
     2016 respectively, where he was responsible for the overall business operations and management. From 1994 to
     September 2008, Mr. Mei worked at China Southern Airlines Company Limited (中 國 南 方 航 空 股 份 有 限 公 司),
     a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600029), the New York Stock Exchange (stock
     code: ZNH) and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1055). From September 2008 to October
     2014, he served as the chief representative at the Shenzhen Office of China Europe International Business School
     (中 歐 國 際 工 商 學 院). From March 2015 to January 2018, he served as a director of the board at Sichuan Huapu
     Modern Agriculture Company Limited* (四 川 華 樸 現 代 農 業 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the National
     Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 837890). Mr. Mei also served as an independent non-executive
     director of the board at Miko International Holdings Limited (米 格 國 際 控 股 有 限 公 司) from December 2013 to
     March 2016, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1247) and at CGH from May
     2013 to March 2018.

     Mr. Mei graduated from Sun Yat-Sen University (中 山 大 學) in the PRC, where he obtained a bachelor degree of
     English language and literature in June 1994 and a master degree of administrative management in June 2001. He
     also received a master degree in business administration from the School of Management of Cranfield University in
     the United Kingdom in June 2006.

     Mr. Rui Meng (芮 萌), aged 52, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
     responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Rui is also the chairman of the audit committee and
     a member of the nomination committee of the Company.

     Mr. Rui has been a Professor of Finance and Accounting at China Europe International Business School (中 歐 國
     際 工 商 學 院) since January 2012, and has held the title of Parkland Chair in Finance at China Europe International
     Business School since October 2015.




32       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Rui has been professionally designated as a Certified Financial Analyst by the Association for Investment
Management and Research since September 2000 and a Financial Risk Manager by the Global Association of Risk
Professionals since April 2010.

Mr. Rui was an independent director of the board and chairman of the audit committee at Midea Group Co., Ltd.*
(美 的 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code:000333), from August
2015 to September 2018. He currently serves as an independent director of the board and a member of the audit
committee at COSCO Shipping Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (中 遠 海 運 能 源 運 輸 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company
listed on both the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1138) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(stock code: 600026), an independent director of the board and the chairman of the audit committee at Shanghai
Winner Information Technology Co., Inc.* (上 海 匯 納 信 息 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 300609), an independent director of the board at Shang Gong Group Co., Ltd.* (上
工 申 貝(集 團) 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600843) and an
independent non-executive director of the board and the chairman of the audit committee at China Education
Group Holdings Limited (中國教育集團控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 0839) and an independent non-executive director of the board, the chairman of the audit committee,
and a member of the nomination committee and the remuneration committee respectively of Landsea Green Group
Co., Ltd. (朗 詩 綠 色 集 團 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 106).

Mr. Rui graduated from University of International Relations (國 際 關 係 學 院) in the PRC in July 1990, where he
obtained a bachelor degree in international economics. He also received a master of science in economics from
Oklahoma State University in the United States as well as a master of business administration degree and a doctor
of philosophy degree in business administration from the University of Houston in the United States in May 1993,
December 1996 and August 1997, respectively.

Mr. Chen Weiru (陳 威 如), aged 49, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on 25 May
2018 and is responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Chen is also the chairman of the
remuneration committee and a member of the audit committee and the nomination committee of the Company.

Mr. Chen was an assistant professor of strategy at the Asia Campus of INSEAD (歐 洲 工 商 管 理 學 院) from
September 2003 to 2011 and an associate professor of strategy at China Europe International Business School
(中 歐 國 際 工 商 學 院) from July 2011 to 2017. Mr. Chen became the chief strategy officer at Zhejiang Cainiao
Supply Chain Management Company Limited* (浙 江 菜 鳥 供 應 鏈 管 理 有 限 公 司) (a company primarily engaged
in smart logistics platform) in August 2017, where he is responsible for strategic decisions making and executing
for business development. He is now an Executive director of Industry Internet Center of Alibaba Business School
since February 2019. He was an independent director of the board respectively at Zhejiang DUNAN Artificial
Environment Co.,Ltd.* (浙 江 盾 安 人 工 環 境 股 份 有 限 公 司) (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
(stock code: 002011)) from April 2015 to April 2017, at Nanjing OLO Home Furnishing Co., Ltd.* (南 京 我 樂 家 居
股 份 有 限 公 司) (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603326)) from April 2015 to July
2017, and at CG Life Services from May 2016 to January 2018. Mr. Chen currently serves as an independent
director of the board at TAL Education Group (好 未 來 教 育 集 團), a company listed on the New York Stock
Exchange (stock code: TAL) and an independent director of the board at Dian Diagnostics Co., Ltd.* (迪 安 診 斷 技
術 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300244).

Mr. Chen graduated from National Taiwan University (國 立 台 灣 大 學) in Taiwan in June 1993, where he obtained
a bachelor degree in business administration. In January 1996, he graduated from Tamkang University (淡 江 大
學) in Taiwan, where he obtained a master degree in business administration. He received a Ph.D. in strategy from
Purdue University (普 渡 大 學) in the United States in December 2003.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019         33
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Senior Management

     Mr. Gong Shunsong (龔 順 松), aged 41, was appointed as a Chief Operating Officer in January 2018 and is
     primarily responsible for overall management, operations and business development.

     Prior to joining our Group, from May 2003 to January 2018, he served in positions in various logistics companies
     including logistics manager at Flextronics Logistics (Zhuhai) Company Limited* (偉創力物流(珠海)有限公司), where
     he was responsible for overseeing logistic systems and VMI operation supporting, business director at Shenzhen
     Ourate Supply Chain Management Company Limited (深 圳 歐 瑞 特 供 應 鏈 管 理 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
     Shenzhen Arvato Logistics Services Company Limited* (深圳歐唯特物流服務有限公司)), where he was responsible
     for management of the overall business operations and logistics director and vice president of e-commerce and
     logistics supply chain business division at SF Holding Co., Ltd.* (順豐控股股份有限公司), a company listed on the
     Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002352), where he was responsible for operations management until he
     joined our Group in January 2018.

     Mr. Gong obtained a diploma in computer science from Jiujiang College Xundong Campus (九 江 學 院 潯 東 校 區)
     (formerly known as Jiujiang Normal College (九 江 師 範 高 等 專 科 學 校)) in the PRC in June 2000. He graduated
     from Royal Roads University in Canada in November 2006, where he obtained a master degree of business
     administration in executive management.

     Mr. Xu Binhuai (徐 彬 淮), aged 41, was appointed as a Chief Strategy Officer in October 2016 and is primarily
     responsible for strategic planning in business innovation, brand management and community life service operation.

     Prior to joining our Group, from November 2004 to February 2010, Mr. Xu served in various positions in marketing
     at DHL-SINOTRANS International Air Courier Ltd.* (中 外 運-敦 豪 國 際 航 空 快 件 有 限 公 司), including manager of
     sales performance group and regional sales and marketing planning manager, where he was mainly responsible
     for sales planning and performance management. From March 2010 to October 2012, he served as the head of
     marketing department of North Asia at American President Lines (China) Co., Ltd. (美 國 總 統 輪 船(中 國)有 限 公 司),
     a logistics company, where he was mainly responsible for marketing and sales management in North Asia. From
     November 2012 to February 2016, he served as a senior project manager at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants
     (Shanghai) Company Limited* (羅 蘭 貝 格 企 業 管 理(上 海)有 限 公 司), where he was in charge of providing business
     consulting services to, among others transportation, logistics, tourism and public service industries.

     Mr. Xu joined the CGH Group as the deputy general manager of corporate strategy office in March 2016 and was
     mainly responsible for strategic planning of new business lines until September 2016.

     Mr. Xu graduated from Fudan University in July 2002, where he obtained a bachelor degree in macromolecular
     material and engineering. He graduated from the University of Hong Kong in November 2016, where he obtained a
     master degree in business administration.

     Mr. Huang Peng (黃 鵬), aged 36, was appointed as a Chief Financial Officer in September 2016 and is primarily
     responsible for financial management, strategic investment management, operation management, compliance and
     company secretarial matters of our Group.

     Prior to joining our Group, from April 2006 to September 2009, Mr. Huang served as listing office manager
     and manager of securities department in Vtron Group Co., Ltd.* (威 創 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
     Guangdong Vtron Video Technologies Company Limited* (廣 東 威 創 視 訊 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司)), a company listed
     on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002308), where he was responsible for investor relations, and
     investment management. From October 2009 to December 2015, he served in various positions including as the
     head of finance, secretary of the board and deputy general manager in Pony Test Group Company Limited* (譜尼測
     試 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company mainly engaged in comprehensive testing services for various industries, where
     he was responsible for financial management and board secretarial matters.




34       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Huang served as an independent director of the board at Beijing Arrays Medical Imaging Corporation* (北 京
銳 視 康 科 技 發 展 有 限 公 司), a company engaged in production and sales of medical imaging equipment, until
September 2016. He was also an executive director at Guangzhou Yanzhao Enterprise Management Company
Limited* (廣州炎昭企業管理有限公司) from January 2016 to October 2016, a company mainly engaged in business
management advisory services and an executive director at Guangdong Huishi Network Medical Investment
Company Limited* (廣 東 惠 視 網 絡 醫 療 投 資 有 限 公 司) from July 2016 to November 2016, a company mainly
engaged in investment advisory services and hospital management.

Mr. Huang graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in the PRC in June 2005, where he
obtained a bachelor degree in transportation. He graduated from Guanghua School of Management of Peking
University (北 京 大 學 光 華 管 理 學 院) in the PRC with a master degree in business administration in July 2012.
He became a PRC Certified Public Accountant (中 國 註 冊 會 計 師) certified by The Certified Public Accountant
Examination Committee of the Ministry of Finance (財 政 部 註 冊 會 計 師 考 試 委 員 會) in December 2014.

Mr. Yu Xiangdong (余向東), aged 50, was appointed as a Vice President in June 2014 and is primarily responsible
for management of community value-added services business.

Prior to joining our Group, from August 1998 to September 2013, he served in various positions including deputy
manager of business management department at Shenzhen Vanke Property Service Company Limited* (深 圳 市
萬 科 物 業 服 務 有 限 公 司), where he was responsible for committee development affairs of property management,
providing consultancy services for business development and other community business operations, manager of
business management department at Vanke Property Development Company Limited* (萬 科 物 業 發 展 股 份 有 限
公 司), where he was responsible for development of property management and providing consultancy services for
business development, director of general manager office at Shenzhen Vanke Property Services Company Limited*
(深 圳 市 萬 科 物 業 服 務 有 限 公 司), where he was responsible for information management, brand management and
public relations, and general manager at Beijing Vanke Property Service Company Limited Qingdao Branch Office*
(北 京 萬 科 物 業 服 務 有 限 公 司 青 島 分 公 司), where he was responsible for overall business operations and property
management in Shandong Province. Mr. Yu worked at Shenzhen Wanrui Technology Company Limited* (深 圳 市
萬 睿 智 能 科 技 有 限 公 司), a company primarily engaged in the development and application of intelligent building
technology until May 2014, where he was responsible for market expansion.

Mr. Yu graduated from Ocean University of China (中國海洋大學) (formerly known as Qingdao Ocean University (青
島海洋大學)) in the PRC in July 1991, where he obtained his bachelor degree in freshwater fisheries. He obtained a
master degree in zoology from South China Normal University (華 南 師 範 大 學) in the PRC in July 1994.

Mr. Yuan Hongkai (袁 鴻 凱), aged 41, was appointed as a Chief Information Officer in February 2017 and is
primarily responsible for informatization solutions and intelligent technology management. Mr. Yuan joined CG Life
Services as information management consultant in June 2016.

Prior to joining our Group, from July 2000 to May 2016, Mr. Yuan served in various positions including assistant
to the general manager from July 2000 to March 2011 at China Sigma Co., Ltd.* (中 國 希 格 瑪 有 限 公 司)(an
investment company mainly engaged in development and sales of high technology and construction materials)
where he was primarily responsible for the group’s informatization and had set up a group-wide information system
for various business segments invested by the group including the real estate segment, medical care segment,
hotel management segment, property management segment, golf and retail segment, etc.; information technology
director from March 2011 to December 2013 at Kinghand Real Estate Development Group Company Limited*
(京 漢 實 業 投 資 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司) (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 000615),
which is principally engaged in real estate development and sales), where he was mainly responsible for setting
up the overall management system of the company, assisting the company in managing the tender, procurement,
design, cost and project management involved in the whole real estate development chain, as well as establishing
an integrated information system for financial management based on comprehensive budgeting and providing




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019          35
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     information management support for the company’s listing and standardized management; and vice president
     and director of the board from January 2014 to May 2016 at Easy Life (Beijing) Smart Community Investment
     and Development Company Limited* (樂 生 活 (北 京) 智 慧 社 區 投 資 發 展 股 份 有 限 公 司) (a company listed on the
     National Equities Exchange and Quotations Systems (stock code: 837249), which is mainly engaged in property
     management services), where he was responsible for research and development of information management
     system technology and establishment of community business service system, and during such period he had set
     up a new property information management system and established an online and offline community business
     service system.

     Mr. Yuan graduated from the University of Science and Technology of China (中國科學技術大學) in the PRC in July
     2000, where he completed his bachelor degree in computer science and application of professional engineering.
     He obtained a master degree in software engineering from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics (北 京
     航 空 航 天 大 學) in the PRC in July 2007.

     Mr. Li Ka Lun(李 家 麟), aged 32, was appointed as a Vice President in July 2019. He is primarily responsible for
     the Company’s various financing, investment, mergers, acquisitions and internal governance matters. Mr. Li joined
     the Group in August 2018 as a finance manager.

     Prior to joining our Group, from August 2012 to February 2016, Mr. Li served as relationship manager in Bank of
     Communications Hong Kong Branch and CMB Wing Lung Bank, where he was responsible for providing corporate
     finance solution and financial analysis for corporate customers. From February 2016 to April 2018, he served as
     senior manager in the capital market department of HNA Group (International) Limited Company, where he was
     responsible for bank and debt capital market financing.

     Mr. Li graduated from the City University of Hong Kong, where he obtained a bachelor degree of Business
     Administration (Finance) in 2012. Mr. Li has been designated as a Financial Risk Manager by Global Association of
     Risk Professionals since 2017.

     Joint Company Secretaries

     Mr. Huang Peng (黃鵬), aged 36, was appointed as Joint Company Secretary on 9 March 2018. For details of Mr.
     Huang Peng, please refer to “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management — Mr. Huang Peng (黃 鵬)”
     in this section.

     Mr. Leung Chong Shun (梁創順), aged 54, was appointed as Joint Company Secretary on 9 March 2018. He has
     been a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo. (胡 關 李 羅 律 師 行), a law firm based in Hong Kong, since 1997.

     Mr. Leung is currently the company secretary of another four listed companies on the Main Board of the Stock
     Exchange, namely, China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (招 商 局 中 國 基 金 有 限 公 司) (stock
     code: 0133), China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (招 商 局 港 口 控 股 有 限 公 司) (stock code: 0144),
     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (廣 州 汽 車 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司) (stock code: 2238) and CGH (stock code:
     2007).

     Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong, where he obtained a bachelor degree in laws in November
     1988 and obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in laws in September 1989. He became a qualified solicitor in Hong
     Kong in October 1991 and in England and Wales in November 1994, respectively.




36       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Group deeply understands the important role that its Board plays in providing effective leadership and
guidance for the businesses of the Group and ensuring the transparency and accountability of the operation
of the Group, and knows very well that sound corporate governance will lead the Group towards success and
help add value to the shareholders. Therefore, the Board consistently strives to maintain a high level of business
ethnics, a healthy corporate culture and sound corporate governance by formulating and implementing a corporate
governance policy and practice that is in line with the behavior and growth of the businesses of the Group.

During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has adopted and complied with the principles and code
provisions set out in the Code on Corporate Governance Code (if applicable), except for the deviation as specified
and explained below with considered reasons:

The Corporate Governance Code provision E.1.2 stipulates that the chairman of the board should attend the annual
general meeting. Ms. Yang Huiyan, the Chairman of the Board, was unable to attend the annual general meeting of
the Company held on 20 May 2019 due to other important engagements.


Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

The Company has adopted the Model Code in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for dealing
in securities of the Company by the Directors. Having made specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have
complied with the required standard regarding securities transactions set out therein throughout the year ended
31 December 2019. Relevant employees who may be in possession of inside information of the Group are also
subject to compliance with written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code.


Board of Directors

The Board supervises over the business, strategic decisions and performance of the Group and should make
decisions objectively in the best interest of the Company.

The Board should regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the
Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.

The Board assumes responsibility for leadership, supervision and control of the Company and is collectively
responsible for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The Board is fully responsible for the formulation
of business policies and strategies in relation to the business operation of the Group, including dividend policy and
risk management strategies. The management is delegated the authority and responsibilities by the Board for the
day-to-day management and operation of the Group.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Board Composition

     As at 31 December 2019, the Board comprised nine Directors, including three executive Directors, three non-
     executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Board comprised the following Directors:

     Executive Directors:                        Mr. LI Changjiang (President)
                                                 Mr. XIAO Hua
                                                 Mr. GUO Zhanjun

     Non-executive Directors:                    Ms. YANG Huiyan (Chairman)
                                                 Mr. YANG Zhicheng
                                                 Ms. WU Bijun



     Independent Non-executive Directors:        Mr. MEI Wenjue
                                                 Mr. RUI Meng
                                                 Mr. CHEN Weiru

     The detailed biography of the current Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
     Management” of this annual report.

     Mr. Yang Zhicheng is a cousin of Ms. Yang Huiyan, one of the controlling shareholders, the Chairman of the Board
     and a Non-executive Director. Save as disclosed above, there was no relationship among the members of the
     Board, including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company arranged for appropriate cover on Directors’ and Senior
     Management’ liability insurance policy to indemnify the Directors and Senior Management for liabilities arising
     from the corporate activities. The coverage and the amount insured under such policy are reviewed annually by
     the Company. No legal actions were made against any of the Directors in relation to their duties performed for the
     Company during the Year.


     Independent Non-Executive Directors

     During the Year, the Board has complied with Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules in having three
     independent non-executive Directors (representing one-third of the Board) from time to time. The independent
     non-executive Directors, all of whom are independent of the management of the Group’s businesses, are highly
     experienced professionals with substantial experience in areas such as legal, accounting or financial management.

     The Company has received annual written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors of
     his independence to the Group pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all the
     independent non-executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the
     Listing Rules and are independent persons according to the same, and they complied with the requirement for
     independence under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     In addition to the regular Board meetings, the chairman met with the independent non-executive Directors without
     the presence of other Directors during the year ended 31 December 2019.




38       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Directors’ Continuing Professional Development

Directors’ training is an ongoing process. All Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and courses on relevant
topics which may count towards continuous professional development training.

Pursuant to Code A.6.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, Directors should participate in continuous professional
development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board
remains informed and relevant. According to the records maintained by the Company, during the Year, all the
current Directors, being Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Li Changjiang, Mr. Xiao Hua, Mr. Guo Zhanjun, Mr. Yang Zhicheng,
Ms. Wu Bijun, Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Rui Meng and Mr. Chen Weiru, had participated in appropriate continuous
professional development activities by ways of attending training sessions, reading articles, newspapers, journals
and/or updates relevant to the Company’s business or to the Directors’ duties and responsibilities and complied
with the provisions of Code A.6.5 of the Corporate Governance Code.

A summary of their training records is as follows:

                                                                                        Type of                Content of
                                                                                        Continuing             Continuing
                                                                                        Professional           Professional
    Directors                                                                           Development (Note 1)   Development (Note 2)

    Executive Directors:
    Mr. Li Changjiang (President)                                                       1, 2                   A, B
    Mr. Xiao Hua                                                                        1, 2                   A, B
    Mr. Guo Zhanjun                                                                     1, 2                   A, B

    Non-executive Directors:
    Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                                                          1, 2                   A, B
    Mr. Yang Zhicheng                                                                   1, 2                   A, B
    Ms. Wu Bijun                                                                        1, 2                   A, B

    Independent Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                                      1, 2                   A, B
    Mr. Rui Meng                                                                        1, 2                   A, B
    Mr. Chen Weiru                                                                      1, 2                   A, B

Note 1:

1       Attending internal seminars/training sessions, lectures, symposiums or forums

2       Reading newspapers, journals and updates

Note 2:

A.      Businesses relating to the Company

B.      Laws, rules and regulations, accounting standards




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019         39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Appointment and Re-Election of Directors

     Under the provision of Code A.4.1 of the CG Code, non-executive Directors should be appointed for a specific term
     and be subject to re-election. Each of the Directors is engaged on a service agreement (for executive Directors
     and non-executive Directors) or an appointment letter (for independent non-executive Directors) for a term of three
     years or for a term expiring on 18 June 2021. All of them are subject to retirement and re-election in accordance
     with the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”).

     According to the Articles of Association, (i) any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold
     office until the first general meeting after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting; (ii) any
     Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following
     annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election; and (iii) at each annual general
     meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number
     nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including
     those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least once every
     three years. As such, no Directors have a term of appointment longer than three years.


     Board Meetings

     The Board holds at least four meetings a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Additional meetings would be
     arranged if and when required. The date of each meeting is decided in advance to enable the Directors to attend
     the meeting in person. For those Directors who are not able to attend these meetings in persons, participation by
     telephone conference is available.

     The Board meets regularly for discussing and determining the strategies of the Group, setting directions and
     monitoring the performance of the Group. Notice of not less than 14 days is given to all Directors before convening
     all regular meetings. Each Director can access to the advices and services of the Company Secretary and is invited
     to include any matters for discussion in the agenda of the regular meetings. Agendas and materials for discussion
     in the meetings are circulated to all Directors at least 3 days prior to the date of the meetings.

     A substantial shareholder or a Director, who has declared to have a conflict of interest in the proposed transactions
     or issues to be discussed, shall not be counted in the quorum of the meeting and shall abstain from voting on the
     relevant resolution, and the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution.

     The Company Secretary of the Company prepares detailed minutes of each meeting. After the meeting, draft and
     final versions of the minutes would be sent to all the Directors for comments and records as soon as practicable.
     Minutes of Board meetings and Board committees’ meetings are kept by the Listing Company Secretariat of the
     Company and are open for inspection by any Director after due notice is issued by him/her.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Directors have made active contribution to the affairs of the Group
     and 13 Board meetings were held to consider, among other things, various transactions contemplated by the
     Group and to review and approve the interim results and annual results of the Group.

     Pursuant to Article 100(1) of the Articles of Association, a Director shall not be entitled to vote nor be counted in the
     quorum on any resolution of the Board approving any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which he or
     his associates is materially interested.




40        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Attendance Records of the Directors

The attendance record of Directors at the Board meetings, the Board committees meetings and the general
meetings held during the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out below:

                                                                           Number of attendance/Number of
                                                                   meetings held for the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                             Audit Remuneration        Nomination
                                                              Board     Committee       Committee      Committee                 General
 Directors                                                   Meeting      Meeting          Meeting        Meeting               Meetings

 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Li Changjiang (President)                                  13/13              N/A              N/A              N/A               2/2
 Mr. Xiao Hua                                                   13/13              N/A              N/A              N/A               2/2
 Mr. Guo Zhanjun                                                13/13              N/A              N/A              N/A               2/2

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)(1)                                  13/13              N/A              1/1              1/1               1/2
 Mr. Yang Zhicheng(1)                                           13/13              N/A              N/A              N/A               1/2
 Ms. Wu Bijun(1)                                                13/13              N/A              N/A              N/A               1/2

 Independent Non-executive Directors:
 Mr. Mei Wenjue(1)                                              13/13               3/3             1/1              N/A               1/2
 Mr. Rui Meng(1)                                                13/13               3/3             N/A              1/1               1/2
 Mr. Chen Weiru                                                 13/13               3/3             1/1              1/1               2/2

Note 1:

Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Yang Zhicheng, Ms. Wu Bijun, Mr. Mei Wenjue and Mr. Rui Meng could not attend the annual general meeting of the Company
held on 20 May 2019 due to other important engagements and had completed the leave procedures.



Chairman and President

Ms. Yang Huiyan is the Chairman and Mr. Li Changjiang is the President of the Company. The roles of the
Chairman and the President are segregated. Ms. Yang and Mr. Li are not connected in any respect. The Chairman
provides leadership for the Board and ensures that there is clear division of responsibilities at the Board level. The
President is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day management of the Company, supervising the businesses of
the Group and ensuring that Board committees work smoothly and effectively.


Board Committees

As part of good corporate governance, the Board has set up a Remuneration Committee, an Audit Committee
and a Nomination Committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each Committee has
its own specific delegated authorities and operates within defined written terms of reference, which are posted
on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com). All the Board
Committees should report to the Board on their decisions or recommendations made.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019               41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee currently comprises all three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Rui Meng,
     who acts as the chairman, Mr. Mei Wenjue and Mr. Chen Weiru.

     The duties of the Audit Committee include, inter alias, reviewing and monitoring the financial reporting, risk
     management and internal control systems of the Company, and assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibility over
     the audit; making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external
     auditor; and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit
     process. The Audit Committee should meet at least twice a year to discuss and review the financial information,
     the risk management and internal control systems and relevant matters. The proceedings of the Audit Committee
     meetings are the same as that of the Board meetings. Terms of reference of the Audit Committee are currently
     available on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

     During the Year, the Audit Committee has reviewed the audit planning memorandums, the annual results and
     annual report for the year ended 31 December 2018, the interim results and interim report as of 30 June 2019, the
     financial reporting and compliance procedures, the compliance and internal control report, the risk management
     and internal control system, the remuneration of external auditors, the adequacy of resources, qualifications and
     experience of the employees of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function department, and their
     training plans and budgets.

     The Company’s annual results announcement and annual report for the Year have been reviewed by the Audit
     Committee.

     During the Year, the Audit Committee held three meetings and has duly discharged the above duties. The
     attendance of individual Directors at the Audit Committee meetings is listed under the section headed “Attendance
     Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

     Remuneration Committee

     The Remuneration Committee currently comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chen
     Weiru, who acts as the chairman, Mr. Mei Wenjue, and one non-executive Director, namely Ms. Yang Huiyan.

     The responsibilities and authorities of the Remuneration Committee are clearly defined in its terms of reference, the
     principal duties of which include: (i) making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure
     for the remuneration of all the Directors and senior management of the Group; (ii) reviewing and approving the
     management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; and (iii) making
     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management.

     The Board together with the Remuneration Committee monitor the performance of the Executive Directors and the
     senior management. Such division of responsibilities ensures a balance of power. The Remuneration Committee
     shall meet at any time when necessary. Terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are currently available
     on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

     The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the year ended 31 December 2019. During the meeting, the
     Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board on the remuneration package of the Directors
     as well as approved the service contract of the Directors. The attendance record of individual Directors at the
     Remuneration Committee meetings is listed under the section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors”
     above on a named basis.

     Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in note 35 to
     the consolidated financial statements.



42       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Details of the 5 individuals with the highest emoluments are set out in note 9(a) to the consolidated financial
statements.

The remuneration of the members of senior management (other than Directors) by band for the year ended
31 December 2019 is set out below:

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                       members
                                                                                                       of senior
 RMB                                                                                                management

 0,000,000 to 2,000,000                                                                                          1
 2,000,001 to 4,000,000                                                                                          4
 4,000,001 to 6,000,000                                                                                          1


Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members, including one non-executive Director, namely
Ms. Yang Huiyan, who acts as the chairman, and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Rui Meng
and Mr. Chen Weiru.

The main duties of the Nomination Committee include, inter alia, reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members, assessing the independence of
independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and removal
of Directors. Terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are currently available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Nomination Committee held one meeting and has duly discharged
the above duties. The attendance record of individual Directors at the Nomination Committee meetings is listed
under the section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

The Nomination Policy was approved on 20 December 2018.

Objective:

1.   The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make
     recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings for appointment or re-
     appointment or appoint as Directors to fill casual vacancies or as an addition to the existing Board.

2.   The Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than the number of
     directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual vacancies to be filled.

3.   The Committee should ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
     appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

Selection Criteria

4.   The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Committee in assessing candidates:

     i.      Reputation for integrity

     ii.     Accomplishment and experience in different industries




                                                                                           Annual Report 2019          43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


           iii.   Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest

           iv.    Independence

           v.     Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural
                  and educational background, ethnicity, qualifications, professional experience, skills, knowledge,
                  independence and length of service

           vi.    For proposed independent non-executive directors who will be holding their seventh (or more) listed
                  company directorship, whether the individuals would still be able to devote sufficient time to the
                  Board (including whether the individuals have extensive experience in corporate governance of listed
                  companies, are familiar with the management of listed companies, have close and good communication
                  with the management and other independent non-executive directors of the Company, can make the
                  management decision of the Company works properly, are a chairman of the board or chief executive
                  officer or full-time executive director of other listed companies, the business activity of other listed
                  companies in which the individuals hold directorship, etc.)

           vii.   other factors considered to be relevant by the Committee on a case by case basis, including the
                  requirements and restrictions as stated in the Listing Rules

           These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Committee has the
           discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

     5.    Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Committee and recommendation by the Board to stand for
           re-election at a general meeting.

     6.    Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form,
           together with their written consent to be appointed as a Director and to the public disclosure of their personal
           data on any documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election
           as a Director.

     7.    The Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if considered
           necessary.

     Nomination Procedures

     8.    The Secretary of the Committee or the Company Secretary shall call a meeting of the Committee, and invite
           nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for consideration by the Committee prior to its
           meeting. The Committee may also identify candidates pursuant to the criteria set out above and put forward
           candidates who are not nominated by Board members.

     9.    The Committee may use any process it deems appropriate to evaluate the candidates pursuant to the
           criteria set out above, which may include personal interviews, background checks, presentations or written
           submissions by the candidates and third party references.

     10.   For filling a casual vacancy and for addition to the existing Board, the Committee shall make
           recommendations for the Board’s consideration, approval and appointment. Any Director appointed by the
           Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting after his appointment and be
           subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing
           Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be
           eligible for re-election. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the Committee
           shall make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation to the Shareholders.

     11.   In case of election at a general meeting, until the issue of the shareholder circular, the nominated persons
           shall not assume that they have been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.



44         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


12.   In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at the general
      meeting, a circular will be sent to Shareholders. The names, brief biographies (including qualifications and
      relevant experience), independence, proposed remuneration and any other information, as required pursuant
      to the applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the Listing Rules), of the proposed candidates will be
      included in the circular to shareholders. In addition, where a new Director is appointed or re-designated, the
      Company will announce the change as soon as practicable and include details of the relevant Director as
      required pursuant to the Listing Rules.

13.   The Shareholders of the Company may propose a person for election as a director. A shareholder can serve
      a notice at the registered office, head office or the registration office (such place as the Board may from time
      to time determine to keep a branch register of members and where (except the Board otherwise directs) the
      transfer or other documents of title are to be lodged for registration and are to be registered) of the Company
      within the lodgment period of its intention to propose a resolution to elect certain person(s) as a Director,
      without the Board’s recommendation or the Committee’s nomination, other than those candidates set out
      in the shareholder circular. The particulars of the candidates so proposed will be sent to all Shareholders for
      information by a supplementary circular.

14.   A candidate is allowed to withdraw his candidature at any time before the general meeting by serving a notice
      in writing to the Company Secretary.

15.   The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand
      for election at any general meeting. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rest
      with the entire Board.

16.   The Company will disclose this nomination policy in the Company’s corporate governance report and/or by
      other means in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

17.   The progress made towards achieving the objective set in this nomination policy will be disclosed in
      the Company’s corporate governance report annually and/or by other means in accordance with the
      requirements of the Listing Rules.


Corporate Governance Function

As no corporate governance committee has been established, the Board is responsible for, among other
things, formulating and reviewing the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Group and make
recommendations, monitoring the Group’s compliance of legal and regulatory requirements, reviewing and
monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, and
reviewing the Group’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and the disclosures in the annual report.
The corporate governance report has been reviewed by the Board in the discharge of its corporate governance
function.


Summary of the Board Diversity Policy

The Company has adopted a board diversity policy setting out the objectives and the factors to be considered for
achieving the diversity of the Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board
to enhance the quality of its performance. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy and competence,
and the candidates will be considered against certain objective criteria such as gender, age, cultural and
educational background, ethnicity, professional qualifications, areas of experience, skills, knowledge and length of
services, etc. The Nomination Committee monitors and reviews (if appropriate) the implementation of the Board
Diversity Policy.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Company seeks to achieve board diversity taking into account of a number of factors, including but not limited
     to, educational background, gender, age, skills and knowledge. The ultimate selection decision will be based on
     merits and contribution to the Board.

     As at 31 December 2019, an analysis of the Board composition based on the range of diversity perspectives is set
     out as follows:

                   Educational background (highest)                                        Gender




                   Bachelor’s Degree           Master’s Degree                         Male          Female
                   Doctor’s Degree             Others



                         Skills and Knowledge                                                 Age
                   5                                                        4

                   4
                                                                            3

                   3
                                                                            2
                   2

                                                                            1
                   1

                   0                                                        0
                                     Persons                                               Persons


               Development Strategy and           Human Resource                       35–40         41–45
               Marketing Management               Management
               Property Management                Financial                            46–50         51–55
                                                  Management


     Each of the Board members possesses different skills and knowledge, including development strategy and
     marketing management, human resource management, property management, financial management, etc. The
     Board is characterized by significant diversity in terms of gender, age, degree, skills and knowledge.




46       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Directors’ Responsibility on the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for
the year ended 31 December 2019.

The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of annual reports
and other disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The management has
provided necessary explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the
financial information and financial position of the Group presented to the Board for approval.

There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


Deed of Non-Competition

Ms. Yang Huiyan, ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, has entered in the Deed of Non-Competition
dated 29 May 2018 in favour of our Company to the effect that she will not, and will procure her respective Close
Associates not to, directly or indirectly participate in, or hold any right or interest in, or otherwise be involved in any
business which may be in competition with the business of the Company, further details of which are set out in the
paragraph entitled “Deed of Non-Competition” in the prospectus of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

The Company has received the written confirmation from Ms. Yang Huiyan in respect of her compliance with the
terms of the non-competition undertaking for the year ended 31 December 2019. The independent non-executive
directors had reviewed the compliance with and enforcement of the terms of the non-competition undertaking by
Ms. Yang for the year ended 31 December 2019.


Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

Duties of the Board and the Management

The Board is solely responsible for maintaining sound and effective risk management and internal control systems
to safeguard the Company’s assets and the shareholders’ interests. The Board deeply understands the key role
of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems in its risk management and ongoing compliance
with laws and regulations. The Company is aware of the duties of the Board and the management in the risk
management and internal control systems:

•    The Board shall be responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that
     the Company is willing to take when achieving the strategic objectives. It shall ensure that the Company
     establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems, oversee
     the management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management system and conduct a
     review on an annual basis.

•    The management shall be responsible for designing, implementing and supervising the risk management
     and internal control systems, and confirming the effectiveness of risk management and internal control with
     the Board.

Such risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
to achieve the business objectives and to only provide reasonable rather than absolute assurance that there will be
no material misstatement or loss.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2019           47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Risk Management

     1.   Risk Management System Construction:

          The Group set up the top-down bottom-up risk management infrastructure in 2018, defined risk management
          procedures and adopted an active and structured approach to facilitate improvement of its internal risk
          management culture. In this year, basing on the work achieved in previous years, the Company has
          continuously improved the risk management system structure and guided the implementation of risk
          assessment for the whole company and ongoing risk monitoring activities through the following work:

          1)   Establish the risk management committee: the Board of Directors established a risk management
               committee in 2019 to oversee the design, implementation and maintenance of the Company’s risk
               management system, and has defined its responsibilities: acting as the standing organization at the
               headquarters’ management level, the Risk Management Committee is responsible for the Company’s
               risk management and reporting the annual risk assessment and daily risk management work to the audit
               committee.

          2)   Set up the risk management organizational structure: the Company has established a risk
               management organizational structure (see diagram 1: risk management organizational structure)
               covering the decision-making level (the Board, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management
               Committee), the supervisory level (the audit and supervision department) and the executive level
               (the senior management and the management of each functional centers under the headquarter/
               subsidiaries), has segregated risk management responsibilities to define the risk management
               responsibilities and risk information reporting routes for management and various functional
               departments. Among which, the Board, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Committee will
               monitor, identify and assess risks at company level using a top-down approach, while the functional
               centers at headquarter and subsidiaries will identify, manage and report risks at operational level using a
               bottom-up approach.


                                                                                                           Board of Directors

                                                                                           Decision-
                                                                                                           Audit Committee
                                                                                          making body
                                                                                                           Risk Management
                                                                                                              Committee
                                                                                                                                        Monitoring
                                                                                    Execution body                                        body




                    Top-down approach   Bottom-up approach
                                                                 Headquarter
                                                                                  Senior management at the headquarter
                                                                                                                                  Audit and
                                                                                                                                 supervision
                                                                                 The head of the          Risk management        department
                                                                                 8 centers at the        coordination position
                                                                                   headquarter              of each center



                                                                                  The heads of the companies
                                                                                        in regions/cities

                                                                 Regions
                                                                               The heads of business departments
                                                                                of the companies in regions/cities




                                                             (Diagram 1: Risk Management Organizational Structure)




48        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The primary roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:


             Roles                                    Major responsibilities

                               •    To evaluate and determine the nature and extent of the risks
                                    that the Company is willing to take when achieving the strategic
                                    objectives
           The Board
                               •    To ensure that the effective risk management and internal control
    (decision-making body)
                                    systems are established and maintained
                               •    To oversee management in the design, implementation and
                                    monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems

                               •    To review and formulate the framework of risk management
                               •    To review and assess the framework of the Company’s risk
                                    management on a regular basis
                               •    To continuously monitor the scope of work of the risk management
                                    system and the work of other assurance providers
     The Audit Committee       •    To monitor the frequency of major control failures or weak points,
    (decision-making body)          the extent of unforeseen consequences or emergencies resulted
                                    therefrom, and the material impact that has caused, may have
                                    caused or will cause on the financial performance or condition of
                                    the Company
                               •    To report any material risk management matters and recommend
                                    solutions to the Board

                               •    The Risk Management Committee is the organization for risk
     The Risk Management
                                    management. It is responsible for risk management of the
     Committee (decision-
                                    Company, and reports the Company’s risk assessment results to
         making body)
                                    the Audit Committee

                               •    To make risk assessment on a regular basis according to the
                                    Company’s strategy, in order to formulate risk management
  The senior management at          measures
      each headquarter     •        To design, implement and monitor the risk management and
       (execution body)             internal control systems
                           •        To confirm the effectiveness of risk management and internal
                                    control systems with the Board

                               •    To formulate and implement the risk response solutions for the
    The management of the           respective business
     headquarters and its      •    To promote and implement specific risk management measures
          subsidiaries         •    To control various risks of the respective business and report risk
       (execution body)             information to the senior management at headquarters in a timely
                                    manner

                               •    To coordinate and promote the establishment of the risk
                                    management system
     Audit and Supervision
                               •    To coordinate and promote the implementation of risk
          Department
                                    assessments in each business center
      (supervisory body)
                               •    To supervise over the implementation of risk response and
                                    monitoring in each business center




                                                                               Annual Report 2019         49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                             Roles                                  Major responsibilities

                                             •    To work with the management of the headquarters and its
                   Risk management
                                                  subsidiaries, and to assist the Audit and Supervision Department
                  coordination position
                                                  to promote the establishment of the risk management system
                    at each center of
                                             •    To assist the promotion of risk assessments in each business center
                    the headquarters
                                             •    To assist the supervision of the risk response and monitoring in
                    (execution body)
                                                  each business center


       3)   Update risk assessment criteria: during this year, basing on changes in both internal and external
            environment, and taking into account the Company’s business nature and operational features,
            strategic goals as well as risk preference of the management, the Company has updated the risk
            assessment criteria which are applicable to the Company, including (finance, operation, regulation,
            corporate reputation, personnel etc.) qualitative and quantitative considerations. During the risk
            assessment process, the Company will systematically streamline, assess and sort the risks that
            are most likely to affect the achievement of corporate objectives through the use of jointly identified
            assessment methods and criteria and by measuring the possibility of risk occurrence and the impact
            level of risks.

       4)   Establish and standardize a risk management process: to establish a risk management process
            that includes the main steps of identification, assessment, response, monitoring and reporting (see
            diagram 2: main steps of the risk management process) and form a closed loop to continuously monitor
            and manage risks. Specifically, it includes, based on the business objectives of the Company, identifying
            the risk factors that affect the achievement of such business objectives and assessing the possibility
            and potential impact of each specific risk; streamlining and recording the existing specific risk response
            measures; and continuously monitoring and assessing the changes in risks and adjusting response
            measures in a timely manner. During this year, the Company has reviewed, adjusted and improved the
            risk management process, and also enhance the efficiency and standardization of its operation.



                 1                      2                 3                    4                   5

            Identification           Assessment        Response            Monitoring           Reporting




                                (Diagram 2: main steps of the risk management process)

       5)   Determine the frequency of risk management review: to determine the frequency of the risk
            assessment and reporting of the Company (at least once a year), and to standardize the form and
            frequency of the report with above key elements through the Risk Management Manual of Country
            Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (《碧 桂 園 服 務 控 股 有 限 公 司 風 險 管 理 手 冊》).




50    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


2.   Implementation of corporate risk assessment in 2019

     In this year, based on the established risk management system above, the management has continued to
     strengthen its management with the assistance of external advisory bodies, and has updated and assessed
     the top ten risks for the year 2019.

     The management has updated the risk assessment criteria and risk database of this year based on the
     Company’s external market conditions, changes of internal business environment, business development and
     risk preference. In addition, the management has adopted qualitative and quantitative assessment methods
     to review the changes in the nature and extent of major risks that the Company is exposed to, analyzed and
     ranked the identified risks in accordance with the possibility and degree of impact of such risks, combined
     risk tolerance abilities, weighed the risks and benefits, identified concerns and major risks that require
     monitoring first, streamlined the current condition of risk control and subsequent response measures and
     improvement plans, and reported the assessment results to the Audit Committee.

     The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, has reviewed and assessed the changes in the nature and
     extent of major risks, and completed the review of risk management system which was considered by it
     to be effective and adequate. The management will report the control situation of major risks to the Audit
     Committee through submitting a formal report each year.

Internal Control

CG Services has established an internal control system applicable to the Company by reference to the internal
control management framework issued by COSO (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission). The control system includes a mature organization structure that clearly defines the powers and
responsibilities of each department to protect assets from improper use, maintain proper accounts and ensure
compliance with the rules.

As an important part of risk management, the Company’s internal control system is established on the basis of
various risks which the Company is exposed to. The management at the headquarter, regional subsidiaries and
its various departments has designed and implemented a series of policies and programs for the process related
to finance, operation and compliance, and has monitored the implementation and effects of such policies and
programs.

In 2019, the management has carried out internal control self-assessment, internal monitoring review and internal
audit for eight identified areas and fifty-seven business processes, and formulated improvement plans to address
the gaps and weaknesses identified in the process. The internal auditing function of the Company has conducted
follow-up reviews periodically to ensure remedial actions are taken on a timely basis, and it has reported the results
of follow-up reviews to the Audit Committee.

Summary of the Effectiveness of Review of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

During the review year, the Board, through the Audit Committee, has conducted a comprehensive review of
the risk management and internal control system of the Company, including major risk assessment and internal
control review of key business processes in this year. The period of this review covered the fiscal year of 2019
with the scope covering the Company’s main business and all of the important control aspects, including financial
monitoring, operational monitoring and compliance monitoring, and took into account changes in the nature
and severity of major risks, as well as the Company’s ability to respond to changes in its business and external
environment. The Board considers that the Company has complied with the risk management and internal control
provisions set out in the Code of Corporate Governance and that the risk management and internal control systems
are effective and adequate.

The Board has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experiences of accounting, internal audit and
financing reporting functions, and the training programs for staff and the relevant budget, and the processes for
relevant financial reporting and compliance with Listing Rules, and considered them effective and adequate.


                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Audit Committee has reviewed reports from the Group’s risk
     management and internal audit department and independent consultants with their findings and recommendations
     for improvement. The external auditors have also reported any observations they identified in the course of their
     work to the Group, and are satisfied that there is an ongoing process in place for identifying, evaluating and
     managing the significant risks faced by the Group.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has implemented procedures and internal controls for the
     handling and dissemination of inside information. the Group:

     •       has conducted its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the Listing Rules as well as the
             “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” published by the Securities and Futures Commission in June
             2012;

     •       has established its own disclosure obligation procedures, which set out the procedures and controls for
             the assessment of potential inside information and the handling and dissemination of inside information.
             The procedures have been communicated to the senior management and staff of the Company, and their
             implementation was monitored by the Company; and

     •       has mode broad, non-exclusive disclosure of information to the public through channels such as financial
             reports, public announcements and its website.


     Joint Company Secretaries
     The joint company secretaries of the Company are Mr. Huang Peng, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong and external service provider. They have complied with
     the relevant professional training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by taking not less than 15 hours
     of relevant professional training during the Year.

     The primary contact person of the Company with Mr. Leung is Ms. Li Lin, the head of the Listing Company
     Secretariat of the Company.


     External Auditor and Auditor’s Remuneration
     The statement of the external auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the Company’s
     financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out in the section headed “Independent
     Auditor’s Report” in this Annual Report.

     The fees paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers, the Company’s auditor, in respect of audit services and non-audit
     services for the year ended 31 December 2019 are analyzed below:

                                                                                                                                        Amount
         Type of services provided by the external auditor                                                                               (RMB)

         — 2019 Interim financial report
           Professional review service                                                                                            1,500,000.00
         — 2019 annual financial statements
           Professional audit service                                                                                             3,300,000.00
         — Non-audit services(1)                                                                                                  1,650,000.00

         Total:                                                                                                                   6,450,000.00

     Note 1:

     The fees for non-audit services include corporate governance consultancy services, ESG consultancy services and tax consultancy services related
     to the application for Hong Kong tax resident identity certificate. The fees are RMB550,000, RMB250,000 and RMB850,000 respectively.




52          Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Constitutional Documents
During the year ended 31 December 2019, no amendment was made to the constitutional documents of the
Company. A copy of the latest version is available on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and the
Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).


Dividend Policy
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company, dividends may be declared and paid out of the profits of the
Company, realised or unrealised, or from any reserve set aside from profits which the Directors determine is no longer
required. Dividends may also be declared and paid out of the share premium account or any other fund or account
which is authorised for this purpose in accordance with the Companies Law. Any declaration of dividends, however,
is subject to the Company’s results of operations, working capital and cash position, future business and earnings,
capital requirements, contractual restrictions, if any, as well as any other factors which the Directors may consider
relevant.

In addition, any declaration and payment as well as the amount of the dividends will be subject to the provisions
of (i) the Articles of Association of the Company, which require any final dividends to be approved by Shareholders
at a general meeting, and (ii) the Cayman Companies Law, which provides that dividends may be paid out of sums
standing to the credit of its share premium account provided that immediately following the payment of dividend,
the Company shall be able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Under applicable
PRC law, each of the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC may only distribute after-tax profits after it has made
allocations or allowances for recovery of accumulated losses and allocations to the statutory reserves.


Communications with Shareholders and Investors
Communications with Shareholders

The Group recognizes the importance of transparent and timely disclosure of corporate information, which
enables Shareholders and investors to make the best investment decision. The Company believes that effective
communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’ understanding of the
Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has adopted a Shareholders Communication Policy
with an aim of promoting and maintaining an ongoing communication with the Shareholders and investors, under
which procedures for Shareholders sending enquiries and concerns to the Board and other policies concerning
communication with Shareholders and investors have been established. The policy is available at the Company’s
website (www.bgyfw.com).

The Company maintains a website (www.bgyfw.com) where information of the Group’s businesses and projects,
key corporate governance policies and announcements, financial reports and other information are available for
public access. Shareholders and investors may send written enquiries or requests to the Company as follows:

Telephone: (852) 3692 5973
Facsimile: 0757-2633 6002
Email: irps@bgyfw.com

General Meetings

General meetings serve as a communication platform where the Board can maintain a face-to-face dialogue with
Shareholders and investors. Notice of general meetings together with the shareholder circular and other documents
will be sent to Shareholders at least 21 clear days and 20 clear business days before the annual general meeting;
and at least 14 clear days and 10 clear business days before the extraordinary general meetings.

The Company holds an annual general meeting every year and may hold a general meeting known as an
extraordinary general meeting whenever necessary. The chairman of the respective Board committees,
independent non-executive Directors, the company secretary and other external professionals will be present at the
general meetings timely to answer questions raised by Shareholders and investors at the meeting.


                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Shareholders’ Rights

     To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions will be proposed at Shareholders’ meetings
     on each substantial issue, including the election of individual directors, for shareholders’ consideration and voting.
     Shareholders of the Company may convene extraordinary general meetings or put forward to proposals at Shareholders’
     meetings as follows:

     Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting at the Request of Shareholders

     The Board may whenever it thinks fit call an extraordinary general meeting. Any one or more Shareholder(s) holding
     on the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying
     the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to
     the Board or the company secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by
     the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within
     two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to
     convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable
     expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
     requisitionist(s) by the Company.

     Procedures for Putting Forward to Proposals at General Meetings by Shareholders

     There are no provisions allowing Shareholders to put forward new resolutions at general meetings under the
     Companies Laws of Cayman Islands or the Articles of Association. Shareholders who wish to put forward a
     resolution may request the Company to convene a general meeting following the procedures set out in the
     preceding paragraph.

     Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board

     The Company has established various and a wide range of communication channels with Shareholders. These
     include general meetings, annual and interim results, annual reports and interim reports, notices, announcements
     and circulars. In addition, the Company updates its website from time to time to keep the Shareholders updated of
     the Company’s recent development. Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board
     in writing, the contact details of which are contained on the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com).

     For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must provide his/her/their full name(s), contact details and
     identifications, in the originally signed written requisition, notice or statement (as the case may be), in order to give
     effect thereto. Information of Shareholder(s) may be disclosed as required by law.

     An up-to-date version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com)
     and the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk). Shareholders may refer to the Articles of Association for further
     details of the rights of Shareholders.

     All resolutions put forward at Shareholders’ meetings shall be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules. The
     poll voting results will be posted on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and the Stock Exchange
     (www.hkexnews.hk) after each of Shareholders’ meeting.




54        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Board is pleased to present the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2019.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the provision
of property management services, community value-added services and value-added services to non-property
owners. An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2019 by principal activities is set out
in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income on page 83.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out as below:


                                                                                                Page No. of the
                                                Section(s) in this Annual Report                 Annual Report
 a.   Fair review of the Company’s business     Management Discussion and Analysis                     14 to 29
 b.   Description of the principal risks and    Management Discussion and Analysis                     14 to 29
      uncertainties the Company is facing
 c.   Particulars of important events affecting Management Discussion and Analysis,                     68, 150
      the Company that have occurred since       Financial Statements Note 36
      the year ended 31 December 2019
 d.   Indication of likely future development   Management Discussion and Analysis                     14 to 29
      of the Company’s business
 e.   Analysis using financial key              Financial Summary and Management                13 and 14 to 29
      performance indicators                      Discussion and Analysis
 f.   Discussion on the Company’s               Company’s environmental policies and              Not applicable
      environmental policies and                 performance is described in the “Country
      performance                                Garden Services Sustainability Report 2019”
                                                 (a standalone report)
 g.   An account of the Company’s key           Management Discussion and Analysis and             14 to 29 and
      relationships with its employees,          Report of the Directors                               57 to 58
      customers and suppliers and others
      that have a signiﬁcant impact on
      the Company and on whom the
      Company’s success depend
 h.   Discussion on the Company’s               Corporate Governance Report and Report of the      37 to 54 and
      compliance with the relevant laws          Directors                                             55 to 76
      and regulations that have a signiﬁcant
      impact on the Company




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019         55
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     FINAL DIVIDEND

     The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of RMB15.14 cents per share in the form of cash (2018:
     RMB8.49 cents per share) for the year ended 31 December 2019 to Eligible Shareholders.

     The proposed final dividend shall be declared in RMB and paid in Hong Kong dollars. The final dividend payable
     in Hong Kong dollars will be converted from RMB at the central parity rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollars as
     announced by the People’s Bank of China for the period from Thursday, 18 June 2020 to Wednesday, 24 June
     2020. It is expected that the final dividend warrants will be despatched to the eligible shareholders on or around
     Thursday, 6 August 2020.


     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of the issued shares of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in note 23 to the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment during the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in
     note 14 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


     INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     Details of the movements in intangible assets of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in
     note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.


     BORROWINGS

     The Group had no borrowing during the year ended 31 December 2019.


     EQUITY LINKED AGREEMENT

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Pre-listing Share Option Scheme”, no equity linked agreements were
     entered into during or subsisted at the end of the year or during the year ended 31 December 2019.


     LISTING OF THE COMPANY

     The Company was originally owned by CGH. In March 2018, CGH submitted a proposal to the Stock Exchange in
     accordance with Practice Note 15 of the Listing Rules Governing the Listing of Securities to spin-off the Company
     for a separate listing by way of introduction. The proposal was approved by the Stock Exchange in June 2018.

     In March 2018, the Company submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to and was subsequently approved
     by the Stock Exchange to list by way of introduction of and permission to deal in the ordinary shares of par value
     US$0.0001 each in the share capital of the Company “CG Services” on the Main Board.




56       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The spin-off and separate listing of the Company was implemented by distribution in specie as a special interim
dividend by CGH to its Eligible shareholders on basis of 8.7 shares of CGH for every 1 share of the Company held
as at 13 June 2018. Upon completion of the distribution, the Company became publicly listed on the Main Board
with stock code: 6098 on 19 June 2018.

Thereafter, CGH has retained no interest in the issued share capital of the Company and the Company is no longer
a subsidiary under CGH.


DONATIONS
The total donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to approximately
RMB443,000 (2018: approximately RMB48,000).


DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
During the Year, CGH was a fellow subsidiary of the Company and, according to the disclosing of interests form,
Mr. Yang Zhicheng had interest in share options to subscribe for a total number of 7,141,625 shares of CGH under
the share option schemes of CGH.

Save as disclosed above and in the section headed “Pre-listing Share Option Scheme”, at no time during
the year ended 31 December 2019 was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its holding
companies a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
shares in or debentures of the Company or any other companies.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 December 2019, the distributable reserve of the Company amounted to approximately RMB418,629,000
(2018: approximately RMB231,574,000).

Details of the movements in reserves of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in note
34 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


DETAILS OF FUTURE PLANS FOR SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS OR
PURCHASING CAPITAL ASSETS OF THE GROUP AND THEIR EXPECTED
SOURCE OF FUNDING IN THE COMING YEAR
The company will plan for significant investments according to the strategic objectives and business requirements.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A financial summary of the Group is set out on page 13 of this annual report.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2019, revenue attributable to the largest customer of the Group amounted to
approximately 13.22% of the total revenue of the year and the five largest customers of the Group accounted for
less than 30% of the Group’s revenue of the year.

For the year ended 31 December 2019, purchases from the largest supplier of the Group amounted to
approximately 2.67% of the total purchases in the year and the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
less than 30% of the Group’s purchases in the year.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2019         57
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS’ AND SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SUPPLIERS AND
     CUSTOMERS OF THE GROUP
     As at 31 December 2019, Ms. Yang Huiyan, our ultimate controlling shareholder and non-executive Director, was
     interested in 57.68% of issued shares of CGH. CGH Group is one of the Group’s five largest customers.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders (which, to the
     best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any
     direct or indirect interests in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.


     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2019 and up to the date of this report are:

     Non-executive Directors
     Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)
     Mr. Yang Zhicheng
     Ms. Wu Bijun

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Li Changjiang (President)
     Mr. Xiao Hua
     Mr. Guo Zhanjun

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Mei Wenjue
     Mr. Rui Meng
     Mr. Chen Weiru

     In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, Mr. Guo Zhanjun, Mr. Rui Meng and Mr. Chen Weiru
     shall retire from office by rotation and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the 2020 AGM.

     No Director proposed for re-election at the 2020 AGM has entered into a service contract with the Company or
     any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation
     (other than statutory compensation).


     INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-
     executive Directors to be independent.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of the Director has entered into a service contract (for executive Directors and non-executive Directors) or
     signed an appointment letter (for independent non-executive Directors) with the Company for a term of three years
     with effect from 19 June 2018 (date of listing of the Company’s shares on Hong Kong Stock Exchange).

     The service contracts of the executive Directors and the non-executive Directors may be terminated by the Director
     himself with no less than thirty days’ written notice, and the appointment letter of the independent non-executive
     Directors may be terminated by the Company or the Director himself with at least three months’ prior written notice
     to the other party.




58       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed under the paragraphs headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected
Transactions”, no other transactions, arrangements or contracts that is significant in relation to the Group’s
business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity
connected with a Director had, directly or indirectly, a material interest subsisted at the end of the year or at any
time during the year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts other than employment contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any
substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December
2019.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ASSOCIATES IN COMPETING
BUSINESS

During the year ended 31 December 2019, none of the Directors or any of their respective associates (as defined
in the Listing Rules) was considered to be interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either
directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

On 29 May 2018, Ms. Yang Huiyan, the controlling shareholder, has entered into a Deed of Non-competition in
favour of the Company.

Ms. Yang Huiyan has undertaken to us in the Deed of Non-Competition that she will not, and will procure her close
associates (as defined under the Listing Rules and excluding CGH and the CGH Group) not to directly or indirectly
be involved in or undertake any business (other than the Group’s business) that directly or indirectly competes, or
may compete, with the Group’s business, which includes providing property management services, community
value-added services, value-added services to non-property owners, and other services form an integrated service
offering to the customers and cover the entire value chain of property management (collectively referred to as the
“Restricted Activities”), or hold shares or interest in any companies or business that compete directly or indirectly
with the business engaged by the Group from time to time except where our controlling shareholders and their
close associates hold less than 5% of the total issued share capital of any company (whose shares are listed on the
Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange) which is engaged in any business that is or may be in competition
with any business engaged by any member of the Group and they do not control 10% or more of the composition
of the board of directors of such company.

For details of the Deed of Non-competition, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our
Controlling Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

The controlling shareholder, Ms. Yang Huiyan has provided the Company with a written confirmation dated on 11
March 2020 pursuant to which Ms. Yang Huiyan confirms that, during the year ended 31 December 2019 she and
her close associates have fully complied with all terms and provisions of the Deed of Non-competition.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          59
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     The Articles of Association provide that every Director for the time being acting in relation to any of the affairs of
     the Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all
     actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act
     done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices
     or trusts. However, this indemnity does not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may
     attach to any of the said persons.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has taken out insurance for directors and senior
     management to provide appropriate protection for the Directors and senior management of the Company.

     The permitted indemnity provision was in force during the year ended 31 December 2019 for the benefit of the
     Directors.


     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE
     HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     Details of the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, together with those of the five highest
     paid individuals of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in note 35 and note 9(a) to the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     The remuneration packages of individual Directors (including salaries and other benefits) is recommended by the
     remuneration committee of the Company for the Board’s approval, having regard to the Group’s results, Directors’
     performance, duties, etc.


     RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
     Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 9 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     CONNECTED TRANSACTION
     On 19 March 2019, CG Life Services (as purchaser) entered into an equity transfer agreement with Mr. Liu Gang
     (as vendor), pursuant to which the purchaser has conditionally agreed to purchase and the vendor has conditionally
     agreed to sell the 30% equity interest in Beijing Shengshi Property Services Co., Ltd (北京盛世物業服務有限公司)
     (“Beijing Shengshi”) at the consideration of RMB90,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$105,303,802).

     As Mr. Liu Gang is a substantial shareholder of Beijing Shengshi, which is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
     Company, Mr. Liu Gang is a connected person at the subsidiary level of the Company. Therefore, the acquisition
     constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     On 26 November 2018, CG Life Services has acquired 70% equity interest in Beijing Shengshi (for details, please
     refer to the announcement of the Company dated 26 November 2018). As both acquisitions involve the acquisition
     of equity interest in Beijing Shengshi and were entered into within a 12-month period, the acquisitions are required to
     be aggregated together for the purpose of calculating the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing
     Rules). As one or more of such applicable percentage ratios of the acquisitions in aggregate exceed 5% but all are
     below 25%, the acquisitions in aggregate constitute a discloseable transaction of the Company and are subject to
     the notification and announcement requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

     Further details of the acquisition were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 19 March 2019.




60        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Continuing Connected Transaction with Bright Scholar Group

On 22 August 2018, the Company entered into a property management services framework agreement (the
“Property Management Services Framework Agreement”) with Bright Scholar, which sets out the principal
terms for the provision of property management services by the Group to Bright Scholar Group in respect of
the school campuses and dormitories of Bright Scholar Group, for a term commencing on 22 August 2018
until 31 December 2020. The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions contemplated under the Property
Management Services Framework Agreement for the three years ended 31 December 2020 are RMB7.6 million,
RMB20 million and RMB40 million, respectively.

Bright Scholar is an indirect majority-controlled company of Ms. Yang Meirong, who is an aunt of Ms. Yang Huiyan,
a non-executive Director and a substantial shareholder of the Company. As such, Bright Scholar is a connected
person of the Company and the Property Management Services Framework Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereunder constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) exceed 0.1% but are
all below 5%, the Property Management Services Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereunder are subject to reporting, annual review and announcement requirements but are exempt from the
independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Further details of such agreement were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 22 August 2018.

For the year ended 31 December 2019, a total amount of RMB5.522 million was paid by Bright Scholar Group to
the Group under the Property Management Services Framework Agreement, and the amount did not exceed the
annual cap of RMB20 million.

Continuing Connected Transactions with CGH

Since CGH is a company 30%-controlled and indirectly held by Ms. Yang Huiyan, a non-executive Director and
the controlling shareholder of the Company, CGH is an associate of Ms. Yang Huiyan and thus a connected
person of the Company. Transactions entered into between the Company and CGH therefore constitute continuing
connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

1.   Trademark Licencing Arrangement

     On 1 June 2018, a trademark licencing agreement was entered into between our Company and Shunbi
     Property and a deed of trademark licencing was entered into between the Company and CGH (the
     “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”), pursuant to which Shunbi Property agreed and CGH would procure
     Shunbi Property to irrevocably and unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use
     several trademarks registered in the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of
     the trademark licencing agreement and the deed of trademark licencing, which is subject to the renewal of the
     licenced trademarks, on a royalty-free basis.

     Details of the licenced trademarks are set forth in the section entitled “Appendix VI — General Information
     — B. Further Information about the Business of our Company — 2. Intellectual Property Rights of
     our Group” in the listing documents dated 6 June 2018.

     The Directors believe that the entering into of the Trademark Licencing Arrangement with a term of over three
     years can ensure the stability of our operations, and is beneficial to the Company and the shareholders as a
     whole.

                                                                                         Annual Report 2019          61
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          Shunbi Property, as the registered proprietor of the licenced trademarks, is an indirect wholly-owned
          subsidiary of CGH. CGH is an associate of Ms. Yang Huiyan, a non-executive director and a controlling
          shareholder of the Company, and therefore Shunbi Property is a connected person of our Company in
          accordance with the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement
          constitute continuing connected transactions of our Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

          As the rights to use the licenced trademark are granted to the Company on a royalty-free basis, the
          transactions under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement would be within the de minimus threshold
          provided under Rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules and would be exempt from the reporting, annual review,
          announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
          Rules.

     2.   Master Property Lease Agreement

          On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a master property lease agreement with CGH (the “Master
          Property Lease Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company may lease the offices, community service
          centres, etc. of CGH Group, and the Master Property Lease Agreement has a term commencing from the
          Listing Date until 31 December 2020.

          The Directors estimate that the maximum annual fee payable by us under the Master Property Lease
          Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed RMB1.1 million, RMB1.6
          million and RMB2.2 million, respectively.

          As each of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the annual caps in relation to
          the Master Property Lease Agreement is expected to be less than 5% and the total consideration is less than
          HK$3,000,000 per annum, the transactions under the Master Property Leasing Arrangement will be exempted
          from the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements
          under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

          For details of the agreement, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
          Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

          In light of the business development of the Group, it is expected that existing annual caps will be insufficient
          to cover the expected transaction amounts accounted for the lease of the offices, community service centres,
          etc. of CGH Group for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020. Therefore, the Group entered into a
          supplementary agreement with CGH on 14 December 2018, pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend
          the annual caps to RMB1.36 million, RMB1.8 million and RMB2.2 million, respectively. During the year ended
          31 December 2019, the total amount spent by the Company for the lease of the offices, community service
          centres, etc. of the CGH Group was RMB1.335 million, which did not exceed the annual cap of RMB1.8
          million.

     3.   Master Hotel Services Agreement

          On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a hotel services framework agreement (the “Master Hotel
          Services Agreement”) with CGH for a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2020.

          The Directors estimate that the maximum annual fee payable by us in relation to the hotel services under
          the Master Hotel Services Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed
          RMB4.1 million, RMB4.9 million and RMB5.8 million, respectively.

          As each of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the aggregated annual
          caps in relation to the hotel services is expected to be less than 25% and the total consideration is less than
          HK$10,000,000 per annum, the transactions under the Master Hotel Services Agreement will be exempt
          from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement but subject to the reporting, annual review and
          announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


62        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     For details of the agreement, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
     Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the total amount of hotel services provided by the CGH Group to
     the Group was RMB3.816 million, which did not exceeded the annual cap of RMB4.9 million.

4.   Master Engineering and Transportation Services Agreement

     On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a master engineering and transportation services agreement (the
     “Master Engineering and Transportation Services Agreement”) with CGH for a term commencing from
     the Listing Date until 31 December 2020. It is expected that the maximum annual fee payable in relation to
     the engineering and transportation services under the Engineering and Transportation Services Framework
     Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed RMB35.7 million, RMB41.1
     million and RMB48.3 million, respectively.

     As each of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the aggregated annual caps
     in relation to the engineering and transportation services, is expected to be less than 5%, the transactions
     under the Master Engineering and Transportation Services Agreement will be exempted from the independent
     shareholders’ approval requirement but subject to the reporting, annual review and announcement
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     For details of the agreement, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
     Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     For each of the two years ended 31 December 2017 and the seven months ended 31 July 2018, the
     expenses payable to the CGH Group by our Group for the engineering and transportation services amounted
     to approximately RMB38.9 million, RMB31.3 million and RMB23.7 million, respectively.

     In light of the business development of the Group, it is expected that existing annual caps will be insufficient
     to cover the expected transaction amounts spent for the engineering and transportation services for each of
     the three years ended 31 December 2020. Therefore, the Group entered into a supplementary agreement
     with the CGH Group on 18 September 2018, pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend annual caps to
     RMB54 million, RMB76.8 million and RMB79 million, respectively.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the total amount of engineering and transportation services
     provided by the CGH Group to our Group was RMB33.683 million, which did not exceed the annual cap of
     RMB76.8 million.

     As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios calculated based on the highest revised annual cap
     exceed 0.1% but all of them are less than 5%, thus the supplementary agreement and the transactions
     contemplated thereunder are subject to the reporting, annual review and announcement requirements
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but are exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements.

     For details of the supplementary agreement, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 18
     September 2018.

5.   Water Supply Services Agreement

     On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a water supply services agreement (the “Water Supply Services
     Agreement”) with Zengcheng Qingyuan* (增 城 清 源) for a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31
     December 2020.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          63
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


          Zengcheng Qingyuan is 99% indirectly owned as to by Xizang Shengda Investment Centre (Limited
          Partnership)* ( 西 藏 聖 達 投 資 中 心（有 限 合 夥）), which is controlled by Ms. Yang Meirong ( 楊 美 容) (an aunt
          of Ms. Yang Huiyan, one of the controlling shareholders of the Company). Ms. Yang Meirong is a connected
          person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under the Water Supply
          Agreement will constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company under Chapter 14A of the
          Listing Rules upon Listing.

          The Directors estimate that the annual fee payable in relation to the water supply services under the Water
          Supply Services Agreement for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed RMB3.6
          million, RMB4.2 million and RMB4.2 million, respectively.

          As each of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the aggregated annual
          caps in relation to the water supply services is expected to be less than 25% and the total consideration is
          less than HK$10,000,000 per annum, the transactions under the Water Supply Services Agreement will be
          exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement but subject to the reporting, annual
          review and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

          For details of the agreement, please refer to the section entitled “Relationship with our Controlling
          Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

          During the year ended 31 December 2019, the total amount of water supply services provided by Zengcheng
          Qingyuan to our Group was RMB3.635 million, which did not exceed the annual cap of RMB4.2 million.

     6.   Master CGH Property Management Services Agreement

          On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a property management services framework agreement (the
          “Master CGH Property Management Services Agreement”) with CGH, which sets out the terms between
          the CGH Group and the Group on the property management services fee in respect of the unsold property
          units and the sold property units prior to the agreed delivery date set out on the property purchase contract
          for projects developed by the CGH Group and managed by the Company (the “CGH Property Management
          Services”), for a term commencing from the Listing Date until 31 December 2020.

          The Directors estimate that the maximum annual fee payable by the CGH Group in relation to the CGH
          Property Management Services for each of the three years ended 31 December 2020 will not exceed
          RMB289.6 million, RMB355.3 million and RMB478.1 million, respectively.

          As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the aggregated
          annual caps in relation to the Master CGH Property Management Services Agreement are expected to be
          more than 5% on an annual basis, the transactions under the Master CGH Property Management Services
          Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company which are subject to the reporting,
          annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of
          the Listing Rules.

          For details of the agreement, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with our Controlling
          Shareholders” of the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

          During the year ended 31 December 2019, the total property management service fee paid by the CGH
          Group to the Company was RMB285.663 million, which did not exceed the annual cap of RMB355.3 million.

     7.   Master Consultancy and Other Services Agreement

          On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a consultancy and other services framework agreement (the
          “Master Consultancy and Other Services Agreement”) with CGH, for a term commencing from the
          Listing Date until 31 December 2020, pursuant to which our Group agreed to provide consultancy services



64        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     in relation to sales of properties and other services, including but not limited to consultancy services on the
     operational management of the sales offices of the CGH Group, and cleaning services for the properties
     developed by the CGH Group before delivery to homeowners (the “Consultancy and Other Services”).

     The Directors expect that the maximum annual fee payable in relation to the services to be provided by our
     Group under the Master Consultancy and Other Services Agreement for each of the three years ended 31
     December 2020 will not exceed RMB395.6 million, RMB600.6 million and RMB882.3 million, respectively.

     As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios for the Master Consultancy and Other Services Agreement
     is expected to be more than 5% on an annual basis, the transactions under the Master Consultancy and
     Other Services Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company which are subject
     to the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     For details of the agreement, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with Our Controlling
     Shareholders” in the listing documents of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

     For each of the two years ended 31 December 2017 and the seven months ended 31 July 2018, the amounts
     payable by the CGH Group to the Group for the consultancy and other services were approximately RMB162
     million, RMB228.1 million and RMB286 million, respectively.

     In light of business development of the Group, it is expected that the existing annual caps are insufficient
     to cover the expected transaction amounts under the consultancy and other services for each of the three
     years ended 31 December 2020. As such, the Group entered into a supplemental agreement with CGH on
     18 September 2018, pursuant to which both parties agreed to revise the annual caps to RMB633.11 million,
     RMB897.93 million and RMB1,007.42 million, respectively.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the aggregate amount of consultancy and other services paid
     by the CGH Group to the Company was RMB819.388 million, which did not exceed the cap of RMB897.93
     million.

     As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) calculated based on
     the highest revised annual cap exceed 5%, the supplemental agreement and the transactions contemplated
     thereunder are subject to reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     For details of the supplemental agreement, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 18
     September 2018 and the circular of the Company dated 2 November 2018. The supplemental agreement and
     the transactions contemplated thereunder, including the revised annual caps, were formally approved by the
     independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 22 November 2018.

8.   Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement

     On 18 September 2018, the Company entered into a Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework
     Agreement (the “Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH in relation to
     our Group’s provision of sales and leasing agency services to the CGH Group in respect of unsold parking
     spaces and provision of sales agency services in respect of unsold property units of projects under the
     CGH Group, for a term commencing on 18 September 2018 until 31 December 2020. The annual caps of
     transactions contemplated under the Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement for each
     of the three years ended 31 December 2020 are RMB120 million, RMB380 million and RMB450 million,
     respectively.

     As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) calculated based
     on the highest annual cap exceed 5%, the Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement
     and the transactions contemplated thereunder are subject to reporting, annual review, announcement and
     independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                                                                                           Annual Report 2019          65
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           The details of the agreement were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 18 September 2018
           and the circular of the Company dated 2 November 2018, and the agreement has been formally approved
           by the independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 22 November
           2018.

           During the year ended 31 December 2019, the total amount for the sales and leasing agency services paid to
           the Company by the CGH Group was RMB184.906 million, which did not exceed the cap of RMB380 million.

     9.    Advertising and Domestic Services Framework Agreement

           On 23 August 2019, the Company entered into an advertising and domestic services framework agreement
           (the “Advertising and Domestic Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH, which sets out the
           principal terms for the provision of services by our Group, including but not limited to the advertising services
           (which comprise installation, maintenance and dismantling services in relation to advertisements to be
           displayed at certain advertising spaces located in the common areas of the property projects managed by
           the Group (the “Advertising Services”) and the domestic services (including home cleaning, household
           appliances cleaning, garden maintenance, home maintenance and other domestic services to the purchasers
           of property units of CGH Group (the “Domestic Services”), run by the Group to CGH Group for a term
           commencing on 23 August 2019 until 31 December 2020. The annual caps for transactions of the Advertising
           Services contemplated under the Advertising and Domestic Services Framework Agreement are RMB2 million
           and RMB4 million respectively for the two years ending 31 December 2020, whereas the annual caps for
           transactions of the Domestic Services contemplated under the Advertising and Domestic Services Framework
           Agreement are RMB9 million and RMB18 million respectively.

           The applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules in respect of the highest annual cap of the
           Advertising Services, when calculated on a standalone basis, are all less than 0.1%; while one or more of the
           applicable percentage ratios in respect of the highest annual cap of the Domestic Services, when calculated
           on a standalone basis, exceed 0.1% but all of them are below 5%. Whereas if the Advertising Services, the
           Domestic Services and the Consultancy and Other Services are required to be aggregated together pursuant
           to Rule 14A.84 of the Listing Rules, one or more of the applicable percentage ratios would exceed 5%.
           Nonetheless, as (i) the Company had already complied with all the connected transactions requirements
           (including independent shareholders’ approval requirement) for the Consultancy and Other Services for the
           three years ending 31 December 2020 (for details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
           18 September 2018 and the circular of the Company dated 5 November 2018) and the Company is thus not
           required to aggregate the Advertising Services and the Domestic Services with those Consultancy and Other
           Services; and (ii) one or more of the applicable percentage ratios for the annual caps of the Domestic Services
           and the Advertising Services (when aggregated together) would exceed 0.1% but all of them would be less
           than 5%, the Advertising and Domestic Services Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated
           thereunder are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from the requirement
           of independent shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           Further details of such agreement were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 23 August
           2019.

           During the year ended 31 December 2019, the fees paid by the CGH Group to the Company for the
           Advertising Services and Domestic Services were RMB0.869 million and RMB4.863 million respectively, which
           were below their respective annual cap of RMB2 million and RMB9 million.

     10.   Merchandise Procurement Framework Agreement

           On 23 August 2019, the Company entered into a merchandise procurement framework agreement (the
           “Merchandise Procurement Framework Agreement”) with CGH, which sets out the principal terms for
           the sale of various kinds of goods, including but not limited to home appliances and food products, by the
           Group to CGH Group for a term commencing on 23 August 2019 until 31 December 2020. The annual caps
           for transactions contemplated under the Merchandise Procurement Framework Agreement are RMB25 million
           and RMB50 million respectively for the two years ending 31 December 2020.


66         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios under the Listing Rules calculated based on the highest
      annual cap exceeds 0.1% but all of them are less than 5%, the Merchandise Procurement Framework
      Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder are subject to the reporting and announcement
      requirements but exempt from the requirement of independent shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of
      the Listing Rules.

      Further details of such agreement were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 23 August 2019.

      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the merchandise procurement fee paid by the CGH Group to the
      Company was RMB16.074 million, which was below the cap of RMB25 million.


REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
BY INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing
connected transactions and confirmed that the continuing connected transactions have been entered into:

(1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(2)   on normal commercial terms or better or, if there were not sufficient comparable transactions to judge
      whether they were on normal commercial terms or better, on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms
      available to or from independent third parties; and

(3)   according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
      interests of the shareholders as a whole.


REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
BY AUDITORS
In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers,
was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong
Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews
of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants.

The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing
connected transactions to be disclosed by the Group as below:

(1)   nothing has come to his attention that causes him to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
      transactions have not been approved by the Company’s Board of Directors;

(2)   for transactions involving the provision of services by the Group, nothing has come to his attention that
      causes him to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
      policies of the Group;

(3)   nothing has come to his attention that causes him to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all
      material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

(4)   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to
      his attention that causes him to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded
      the annual cap as set by the Company.

A copy of the auditor’s letter has been delivered by the Company to the Stock Exchange.



                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          67
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     OTHERS
     The continuing connected transactions disclosed above also constitute related party transactions under the Hong
     Kong Financial Reporting Standards. A summary of significant related party transactions made for the year ended
     31 December 2019 is disclosed in note 33 to the financial statements.
     Certain items under note 33 to the financial statements also constitute connected/continuing connected
     transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
     The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements as required by the Listing
     Rules in relation to the aforementioned connected transactions/continuing connected transactions.

     TRANSACTION ENTERED INTO SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD
     On 18 March 2020, the Company entered into an elevators installation and other services framework agreement
     (the “Elevators Installation and Other Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH, which sets out the
     principal terms for the provision of elevators products installation and supporting services and other services (the
     “Elevators Installation and Other Services”) by the Group to the CGH Group for a term commencing on 18
     March 2020 until 31 December 2020. The annual cap for the transactions of the Elevators Installation and Other
     Services is RMB460 million for the year ending 31 December 2020.
     All the applicable percentage ratios (as defined under the Listing Rules) calculated based on such annual cap (when
     calculated on a standalone basis or when aggregated with the Domestic Services and the Advertising Services)
     exceeds 0.1% but less than 5%. Therefore, the Elevators Installation and Other Services Framework Agreement
     and the transactions contemplated thereunder are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but
     exempt from the requirement of independent shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
     Further details of such agreement were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 18 March 2020.

     EVENT SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORT PERIOD
     In April 2020, after obtaining approval from relevant authorities, the company name of Country Garden Intelligent
     Services Group Co. Ltd.*, a subsidiary of the Company, was changed to Country Garden Life Services Group Co.
     Ltd.*.

     DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 14.36B OF THE LISTING RULES
     1.   Acquisition of Nanchang Jiejia Property

          On 26 November 2018, CG Life Services (as purchaser) entered into the equity transfer agreements with Ms.
          Shi Xiaoqin (“Ms. Shi”), Paladin Capital Management Ltd. and/or Shenzhen Paladin 5th Equity Investment
          Partnership (Limited Partnership) (as vendors) to purchase (i) 70% of the equity interest in Beijing Shengshi;
          (ii) 100% of the equity interest in Chengdu Jiaxiang Property Management Co., Ltd.; (iii) 100% of the total
          equity interest in Chengdu Qinghua Yijia Property Management Co., Ltd.; (iv) 100% of the equity interest
          in Nanchang Jiejia Property Co., Ltd. (“Nanchang Jiejia Property”); and (v) 100% of the equity interest in
          Shanghai Ruijing Industrial Co., Ltd. For details of the acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the
          Company dated 26 November 2018.
          Pursuant to the equity transfer agreement entered into between CG Life Services (as purchaser) and Ms. Shi
          (as vendor) in respect of the sale and purchase of 30% of the total equity interest in Nanchang Jiejia Property,
          CG Life Services shall pay a total of not more than RMB18,000,000 to Ms. Shi as valuation adjustment (before
          tax) depending on the fulfillment of the performance targets. Ms. Shi and Nanchang Jiejia Property jointly
          undertook to CG Life Services that the performance targets set out in the table below will be achieved by
          Nanchang Jiejia Property for the two financial years ending 31 December 2020:
                                                                                                             Unit: RMB0’000
                                                                    Minimum                            Cumulative increase in
                                     Minimum audited     accumulated audited    Increase in revenue     accumulated audited
            Financial year        revenue for the year     revenue since 2019           for the year      revenue since 2019

            2019                              12,000                  12,000                  2,000                    2,000
            2020                              14,400                  26,400                  4,400                    6,400



68        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     If the accumulated audited revenue of Nanchang Jiejia Property for the two financial years ending 31
     December 2020 amounts to RMB264 million or more, CG Life Services shall pay a total of RMB18 million to
     Ms. Shi as valuation adjustment (before tax).

     If the increase in audited revenue of Nanchang Jiejia Property in any of the two financial years ending 31
     December 2020 is less than the above performance targets, the amount of value adjustment payable to Ms.
     Shi shall be proportionally reduced.

     In addition, in respect of any amount of the revenue of Nanchang Jiejia Property exceeding the above
     targeted amount in any of the two financial years ending 31 December 2020, CG Life Services shall pay a sum
     equal to 2% of such amount in excess to Ms. Shi as bonus.

     Based on the audited consolidated accounts of Nanchang Jiejia Property prepared in accordance with
     the HKFRSs for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, the audited revenue for the year ended 31
     December 2019 was approximately RMB80,091,911.80, which is less than the above performance target.
     Accordingly, CG Life Services does not have to pay the bonus to Ms. Shi.

2.   Acquisition of a group of property management companies

     On 10 July 2019, United Gain (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) (as purchaser) entered into an agreement
     with Hopefluent (BVI) Limited (“Hopefluent”, as vendor) to purchase 100% equity interest in Sino Estate Holdings
     Limited (“Sino Estate Holdings”, and together with its subsidiaries, “Sino Estate Holdings Group”).

     On 10 July 2019, CG Life Services (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) (as purchaser) entered
     into an agreement with Guangzhou YingFeng Information Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai YiLiu Information
     Technology Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Gaoyi Advisory Co., Limited (collectively, the “Second Vendors”) to
     purchase a total of 5.5% equity interest in Asia Asset Real Estate Services (China) Co., Ltd. (“Asia Asset
     Real Estate Services (China)”).

     On 10 July 2019, CG Life Services (as purchaser) also entered into an agreement with Guangzhou Yinglong
     Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou YingLong”, as vendor) to purchase 9% equity interest in Asia
     Asset Real Estate Services (China).

     For details of the acquisitions, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 10 July 2019.

     Hopefluent undertakes to United Gain that for each of the financial year ending 31 December 2021
     (“Valuation Adjustment Period”), the average yearly growth of the chargeable site area under the
     management of the Sino Estate Holdings Group shall not be less than 10%. The performance target in
     respect of chargeable site area to be achieved by the Sino Estate Holdings Group during the Valuation
     Adjustment Period are as follows:

                                                        Chargeable site area as           Targeted net increase
                                                         at 31 December of the           in chargeable site area
                                                         relevant financial year           (compared with 2018)
      Financial year                                            (square metres)       (thousand square metres)

      2019                                                             14,815,000                          1,346.8
      2020                                                             16,296,500                          2,828.3
      2021                                                             17,926,200                          4,458.0


     Subject to the extent to which the above performance targets are achieved, United Gain shall pay a maximum
     amount of HK$107,527,365 as valuation adjustment to Hopefluent in three instalments of HK$35,842,455
     each, each instalment payable within one month after the end of each financial year during the Valuation
     Adjustment Period.



                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          69
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


              The Second Vendors and Guangzhou YingLong also undertake to CG Life Services in respect of the
              performance target of the chargeable site area under the management of Asia Asset Real Estate Services
              (China) throughout the Valuation Adjustment Period same as those set out in the table above.

              Subject to the extent to which the above performance targets are achieved by the Sino Estate Holdings
              Group, CG Life Services shall pay (i) a maximum amount of RMB6,105,000 as valuation adjustment to the
              Second Vendors in three equal instalments of RMB2,035,000 each, each instalment payable within one
              month after the end of each financial year during the Valuation Adjustment Period; and (ii) a maximum amount
              of RMB15,390,000 as valuation adjustment to Guangzhou YingLong in four instalments, with the first three
              instalments of RMB3,330,000 each payable within one month after the end of each financial year during the
              Valuation Adjustment Period and the last instalment of RMB5,400,000 payable within one month after the end
              of the Valuation Adjustment Period.

              The chargeable site area of Sino Estate Holdings Group as at 31 December 2019 was 14,942,600 square
              metres, which is more than the targeted value of the chargeable site area as set out in the table above.
              Accordingly, as of the date of this report, United Gain has paid HK$35,842,455 as valuation adjustment to
              Hopefluent, while CG Life Services has paid the second vendor and Guangzhou YingLong RMB2,035,000 and
              RMB3,330,000 as valuation adjustment respectively.


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
     POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
     THE COMPANY
     As at 31 December 2019, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company
     in the shares of the Company, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be entered in the register pursuant to Section
     352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
     Model Code, were as follows:

     Long positions in the Shares and underlying shares


                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                   interests                          % of total
                                                                              in underlying                      Shares in issue
                                                                                shares held                                 as at
                                                          Number of            under equity                        31 December           Number of
       Name of Director        Capacity                  Shares held             derivatives             Total              2019    debentures held

       Ms.Yang Huiyan          Interest of controlled   1,451,120,428(1)                  —      1,451,120,428           53.53%                  —
                                  corporations
       Ms. Wu Bijun            Beneficial owner             5,418,790(3)(4)       7,778,400(2)     13,197,190             0.49%                  —
       Mr. Li Changjiang       Beneficial owner             5,185,600(3)          7,778,400(2)     12,964,000             0.48%                  —
       Mr. Xiao Hua            Beneficial owner             1,904,837(3)(5)       2,857,200(2)      4,762,037             0.18%                  —
       Mr. Guo Zhanjun         Beneficial owner             1,879,600(3)          2,819,400(2)      4,699,000             0.17%                  —

     Notes:

     (1)      As at 31 December 2019, Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior held 1,326,120,428 Shares and 125,000,000 Shares, respectively. Concrete
              Win and Fortune Warrior are beneficially wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Yang Huiyan is deemed to be
              interested in the same number of Shares in which Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior were interested.

     (2)      The relevant interests are unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the Company’s Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme. Upon
              exercise of the share options in accordance with the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme, the corresponding number of ordinary Shares of
              HK$0.94 each shall be issued by the Company. The share options are personal to the relevant Directors.




70         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(3)      Shares were allotted and issued by the Company on 14 November 2019 pursuant to the exercise of share options granted under the Pre-
         Listing Share Option Scheme by the grantees.

(4)      56,190 Shares were distributed to Ms. Wu Bijun by virtue of the shares of CGH held by her prior to the spin-off and separate listing of the
         Shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and 177,000 Shares were purchased by Ms.Wu Bijun from the secondary
         market.

(5)      37 Shares were distributed to Mr. Xiao Hua by virtue of the shares of CGH held by him prior to the spin-off and separate listing of the Shares
         of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company
(including their spouses and children under the age of 18) had any interest in, or had been granted any right to
subscribe for the Shares and options of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the
SFO), or had exercised any such rights.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS
DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE SFO
As at 31 December 2019, as set out in the register kept under Section 336 of the SFO, the following companies
and persons (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) had interest or short position in the
Shares and underlying shares which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO:

                                                                                                       Number of              Approximate % of
                                                                                                      Shares held           interest in the total
  Name of Shareholder                   Capacity                                                     or interested     number of Shares in issue

  Concrete Win                          Beneficial owner                                       1,326,120,428 (L)                            48.92%
  Mr. Chen Chong(1)                     Interest of spouse                                     1,451,120,428 (L)                            53.53%
  JP Morgan Chase & Co.(2)              Interest of controlled corporation                        14,428,640 (L)                             0.53%
                                                                                                   5,258,724 (S)                             0.19%
                                        Investment manager                                        39,664,141 (L)                             1.46%
                                        Person having a security interest in shares                4,748,800 (L)                             0.18%
                                        Approved lending agent                                    89,423,830 (L)                             3.30%

Notes:

L – long position, S – short position

(1)      By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen Chong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by his spouse, Ms. Yang Huiyan, whose interests are
         disclosed in the above section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Position in Shares, Underlying Shares
         and Debentures of the Company”.

(2)      JPMorgan Chase & Co. is interested in 148,265,411 Shares (long position, of which 89,423,830 Shares are in a lending pool) and 5,258,724
         Shares (short position), accounting for approximately 5.47% and 0.19% of Shares in issue, respectively. As shown in the Disclosure of
         Interests, these Shares are held by JF Asset Management Limited (a corporation held indirectly by JPMorgan Chase & Co. as to 99.99%
         control), China International Fund Management Co., Ltd (a corporation held indirectly by JPMorgan Chase & Co. as to 49% control) and by
         other corporations held directly or indirectly by JPMorgan Chase & Co. as to 100% control. Among which, 2,733,908 Shares (long position)
         and 2,804,404 Shares (short position) are derivatives interests, including 14,000 Shares (short position) as cash-settled listed derivatives,
         2,733,908 Shares (long position) and 189,118 Shares (short position) as cash-settled unlisted derivatives, and 2,601,286 Shares (short
         position) as physically settled unlisted derivatives.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, the Company has not been notified of any other person (other
than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who was recorded in the register of the Company as having
an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed
to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2019                 71
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     PRE-LISTING SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     On 13 March 2018, the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme was adopted by the then Shareholders of the Company.
     It was subsequently amended by a resolution passed at the extraordinary general meeting held on 7 November
     2019 (for details of the amendment, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 16 October 2019 and
     the circular of the Company dated 22 October 2019). A summary of the principal terms of the Pre-Listing Share
     Option Scheme is set out as follows:

     (i)     Purpose

             The purpose of the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to eligible
             participants as incentive or reward for their contribution to the Group.

     (ii)    Participants

             The following persons are eligible to participate in the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme:

             •    any full-time employee, executive and senior staff of the Group;

             •    any director (including non-executive director and independent non-executive director) of the Group;

             •    any other eligible individual whom the Board or person(s) authorized may in their sole discretion consider
                  to have contributed or will contribute to the Company.

     (iii)   Maximum number of shares available for subscription

             The maximum number of shares which may be issued pursuant to the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme will
             be 132,948,000 Shares, representing approximately 4.8970% of the issued share capital of the Company
             as at the date of this annual report and approximately 4.7452% of the enlarged issued share capital of the
             Company as at the date of this annual report assuming all options granted under the Pre-Listing Share Option
             Scheme are fully exercised.

     (iv)    Maximum entitlement of shares of each participant

             The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each eligible
             participant (including both exercised and outstanding options under the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme) in
             any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company.

     (v)     Option period

             The period for which the grantee may exercise the option under the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme shall
             not exceed 5 years from the date of grant.

     (vi)    Payment on acceptance of option offer

             HK$1.00 is payable by the participant to the Company on acceptance of the option offer as consideration for
             the grant within 30 days after the grant date.




72           Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(vii) Basis of determining the exercise price

          The exercise price of HK$0.94 per Share was determined with reference to the fair value of the shares as
          at 31 December 2017 based on a valuation report prepared by an independent valuer appointed by the
          Company.

(viii) Remaining life of the scheme

          The Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme was valid and effective for a period of 180 days from 13 March 2018,
          after which period no further offer of options would be made but in all other respects, the provisions of the
          Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect and options which have been granted
          and remain outstanding shall continue to be valid and exercisable.

On 21 May 2018, share options for 132,948,000 shares with a fair value on the grant date of approximately
HK$108,375,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB86,667,000) were granted by the Company to eligible
participants in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme.

On 14 November 2019, 42,132,800 shares were allotted and issued pursuant to the exercise of share options by
several grantees. The closing price of the shares immediately before 14 November 2019 was HK$26.9 per share.

During the year ended 31 December 2019, details of movements in the share options under the Pre-Listing Share
Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                                         Options to subscribe for Shares
                            As at 1                                                          Outstanding     Exercise
                           January        Granted      Exercised    Cancelled       Lapsed        as at 31   price per
  Category and name of        2019          during        during       during        during December            Share         Date of
  grantee              Outstanding        the Year      the Year     the Year      the Year          2019        (HK$)         grant     Exercise period

  Directors
  Ms. Wu Bijun             12,964,000           —      5,185,600           —             —       7,778,400        0.940    21 May 2018 Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                         20 May 2023
  Mr. Li Changjiang        12,964,000           —      5,185,600           —             —       7,778,400        0.940    21 May 2018 Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                         20 May 2023
  Mr. Xiao Hua              4,762,000           —      1,904,800           —             —       2,857,200        0.940    21 May 2018 Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                         20 May 2023
  Mr. Guo Zhanjun           4,699,000           —      1,879,600           —             —       2,819,400        0.940    21 May 2018 Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                          20 May 2023
  Sub-total                35,389,000           —     14,155,600           —             —     21,233,400

  Other participants       97,559,000           —     27,977,200           —             —     69,581,800         0.940    21 May 2018 Vesting date(1) —
                                                                                                                                         20 May 2023

  Sub-total                97,559,000           —     27,977,200           —             —     69,581,800

  Total                   132,948,000           —     42,132,800           —             —     90,815,200

Notes:

(1)       Subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, the vesting date shall be the date on which the auditors’ report of the Company
          for the relevant financial year was issued: (a) For the purpose of the financial year in which the shares were listed on the Main Board of the
          Stock Exchange on the Listing Date, 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant
          grantees; (b) for the financial year immediately following the Listing Date, 30% of the total number of shares granted pursuant to the share
          options will be vested to the relevant grantees; and (c) for the second financial year following the Listing Date, 30% of the total number of
          shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2019               73
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     (2)   The closing price of the Shares of the Company immediately preceding the grant date of 21 May 2018 is not applicable as the Shares of the
           Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 19 June 2018.


     (3)   The expense of share options charged to profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2019 was approximately RMB14.4 million (2018:
           RMB20.5 million). The relevant accounting policy is described in Note 2.20 “Share-based payments” of the consolidated financial statements
           of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2019.



     PLACING AND SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

     On 11 January 2019, the Company entered into the placing and subscription agreement (the “Placing and
     Subscription Agreement”) with the placing agent, J.P. Morgan Securities PLC, and the vendor, Concrete Win,
     pursuant to which, the placing agent conditionally agreed to place to not less than six independent professional,
     institutional and/or individual investors, on a fully underwritten basis, 168,761,000 existing Shares at the placing
     price of HK$11.61 per Share and Concrete Win conditionally agreed to subscribe at the placing price for the same
     number of new ordinary Shares as the placing Shares placed by the placing agent.

     The Directors consider that the placing and the subscription represents an opportunity to raise capital for the
     Company while broadening its shareholder and capital base. The Directors are of the view that the placing and the
     subscription would strengthen the financial position of the Group and provide working capital to the Group.

     The subscription shares have a nominal value of US$16,876.1 and a market value of HK$2,177,016,900, based on
     the closing price of HK$12.90 per Share on the last full trading day prior to the date of the Placing and Subscription
     Agreement. The net price of the subscription is HK$11.49 per Share.

     The Company intends to apply approximately 70% of the net proceeds from the subscription for mergers and
     acquisitions projects to expand geographical coverage or service scope within the Company’s core businesses
     or related businesses, and the remaining approximately 30% for investments in technology and intellectualization,
     investments in urban services and value-added services new business development. Please refer to the
     announcements of the Company dated 10 January 2019 and 11 January 2019 for further details.

     On 24 January 2019, the Company has completed the placing of the existing Shares as well as the allotment and
     issuance of Shares under the general mandate. The net proceeds received by the Company after deducting relating
     fees and expense, were approximately HK$1,943.1 million.

     As of 31 December 2019, the Group has used approximately HK$821.78 million of the proceeds of the placings,
     of which: HK$619.83 million (approximately 32%) was used for mergers and acquisitions to expand geographical
     coverage and service scope within the Group’s core businesses or related businesses; HK$201.95 million
     (approximately 10%) was used for technologies investment, urban services and value-added services new
     business development. Such used proceeds were in accordance with the purposes set out in the announcement
     of the Company dated 11 January 2019. It is expected that the remaining unused proceeds in the amount of
     approximately HK$1121.32 million will be used by 31 December 2020 according to the intended purposes set out
     in the said announcement:

     •     approximately 38% will be used for mergers and acquisitions to expand geographical coverage and service
           scope within the Group’s core businesses or related businesses;

     •     approximately 20% will be used for technologies investment, urban services and value-added services new
           business development.




74         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance
Report contained in this annual report.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, as
at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float as required under the Listing
Rules.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles and there was no restriction against such rights under
the laws of Cayman Islands.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES

During the year ended 31 December 2019, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


AUDITORS

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers. A resolution for the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s
auditor for the ensuing year is to be proposed at the 2020 AGM.


CONSULTING PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVISERS

The Company’s shareholders are recommended to consult professional advisers if they are in any doubt as to
the tax implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in or the exercise of any rights in relation to the
Company’s shares.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          75
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     For the purposes of determining the eligibility of the shareholders to attend, speak and vote at the 2020 AGM, and
     the eligible shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the Register of Members will be closed as
     appropriate as set out below:

     (i)    For determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the 2020 AGM:

             Latest time to lodge transfer documents for            At 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday,10 June 2020
               registration with the Company’s Hong Kong
               branch share registrar and transfer office

             Record Date                                            Wednesday,10 June 2020

             Closure of the register of members                     Thursday, 11 June 2020 to Tuesday, 16 June 2020
                                                                      (both days inclusive)


     (ii)   Subject to the passing of the proposal of distributing the final dividend at the 2020 AGM, for determining the
            eligible shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend:

             Latest time to lodge transfer documents for            At 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 22 June 2020
               registration with the Company’s Hong Kong
               branch share registrar and transfer office

             Closure of the register of members                    Tuesday, 23 June 2020 to Wednesday, 24 June 2020
                                                                     (both days inclusive)

             Record Date                                            Wednesday, 24 June 2020


     For purposes mentioned above, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share
     certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer
     office, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong no later
     than the aforementioned latest time.

     For and on behalf of the Board
     LI Changjiang
     Executive Director

     Hong Kong, 18 March 2020




76          Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the shareholders of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited

The consolidated financial statements of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 83 to 150, which comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2019;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting
     policies.

Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.


                                                                                             Annual Report 2019           77
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     The key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

     •       Assessment of the expected credit losses of trade receivables

     •       Purchase price allocation for business combinations

     •       Goodwill impairment assessment


         Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


         Assessment of the expected credit losses of               We have performed the following procedures to
         trade receivables                                         address this key audit matter:

         Refer to note 4 ‘Critical accounting estimates and        (i)     Understood,        evaluated and     tested
         judgements’ and note 20 ‘Trade and other receivables’             management’s key controls in relation to the
         to the consolidated financial statements.                         assessment of the expected credit losses of
                                                                           trade receivables.
         As at 31 December 2019, gross trade receivables
         amounted to RMB1,631,855,000, which represented           (ii)    Assessed the appropriateness of the credit
         approximately 13% of the total assets of the Group.               loss provisioning methodology adopted by
         Management has assessed the expected credit losses                management.
         of the trade receivables and RMB57,868,000 of loss
         allowance was made against the trade receivables as       (iii)   Assessed the reasonableness of the estimated
         at 31 December 2019.                                              credit loss rates by considering historical cash
                                                                           collection and movements of the aging of trade
         Management assessed the expected credit losses of                 receivables, taking into account the market
         trade receivables based on assumptions about risk                 conditions.
         of default and expected credit loss rates. The Group
         used judgement in making these assumptions and            (iv)    Tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of
         selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation,               aging analysis of trade receivables prepared by
         based on the Group’s past history, aging profile of               management.
         the receivables, existing market conditions as well as
         forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting    (v)     Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
         period.                                                           calculation of the provision for loss allowance.

         Given the magnitude of the balance of trade               We found that the significant judgements and
         receivables and that the assessment of the expected       estimates made by management in relation to the
         credit losses of trade receivables involved significant   assessment of the expected credit losses of trade
         judgements and estimates made by management, we           receivables were properly supported by available
         consider the assessment of the expected credit losses     evidences.
         of trade receivables a key audit matter.




78          Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Purchase price          allocation      for    business      We have performed the following procedures to
combinations                                                 address this key audit matter:

Refer to note 4 ‘Critical accounting estimates and           (i)     Assessed the competency, objectivity and
judgements’ and note 32 ‘Business combinations’ to                   independence of the external valuer engaged by
the consolidated financial statements.                               management.

During the year ended 31 December 2019, the                  (ii)    Obtained the valuation reports in relation to the
Group completed acquisitions of several property                     purchase price allocation for the acquisitions,
management companies. Management has engaged                         and engaged our in-house valuation experts
an independent qualified valuer to assist them in                    to assess the appropriateness of the valuation
identifying the intangible assets and to perform the                 methodologies adopted by management and
valuations of the identified assets and liabilities of the           the reasonableness of discount rates used by
acquired companies at their respective acquisition                   management.
dates and, based on which, management performed a
purchase price allocation exercise for each acquisition,     (iii)   Challenged and assessed the reasonableness
which resulted in recognition of intangible assets                   of the key assumptions used in the cash flow
of RMB222,749,000, being the identified property                     forecasts for the valuation of the identified
management contracts and customer relationships.                     property management contracts and customer
Goodwill of RMB711,973,000, being the excess                         relationships with the involvement of our in-house
of considerations transferred and the amount of                      valuation experts. For gross profit margins,
non-controlling interests in the acquirees over the                  EBITDA margins and the expected useful lives
fair value of identified net assets acquired, was                    of the property management contracts and
recognised.                                                          customer relationships, we compared these
                                                                     assumptions with the relevant historical data
Significant judgements and estimates were involved                   of these acquired companies and market data,
in the fair value assessment of the identified                       where applicable.
property management contracts and customer
relationships and the recognition of goodwill arising        (iv)    Evaluated the reasonableness of the sensitivity
from the business combinations. These significant                    analysis performed by management on the
judgements and estimates include the adoption of                     key assumptions to understand the impact of
appropriate valuation methodologies and the use of                   reasonable changes in assumptions on the
key assumptions in the valuation (mainly gross profit                identified property management contracts and
margins, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation                 customer relationships and goodwill.
and amortisation (“EBITDA”) margins, discount rates
and expected useful lives of the property management         (v)     Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
contracts and customer relationships).                               calculations of the fair value of the identified
                                                                     property management contracts and customer
We consider this area a key audit matter given the                   relationships and goodwill.
magnitude of the identified property management
contracts and customer relationships and goodwill            We found that the significant judgements and
recognised arising from the business combinations,           estimates involved in the fair value assessment of
and the significant judgements and estimates involved        the identified property management contracts and
in the fair value assessment of the identified property      customer relationships and the recognition of goodwill
management contracts and customer relationships              arising from the business combinations were properly
and the recognition of goodwill arising from the             supported by available evidences.
business combinations.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2019         79
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


     Goodwill impairment assessment                             We have performed the following procedures to
                                                                address this key audit matter:
     Refer to note 4 ‘Critical accounting estimates and
     judgements’ and note 16 ‘Intangible assets’ to the         (i)     Assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s
     consolidated financial statements.                                 identification of the CGU and allocation of
                                                                        goodwill based on the Group’s accounting policy
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group had goodwill                     and our understanding of the Group’s business.
     of RMB1,217,335,000 which accounted for
     approximately 10% of the total assets of the Group.        (ii)    Assessed the competency, objectivity and
     Goodwill arose from the Group’s acquisitions of                    independence of the external valuer engaged by
     property management companies.                                     management.

     For the purposes of goodwill impairment assessment,        (iii)   Obtained management’s assessment on goodwill
     Management considered each of the acquired                         impairment and engaged our in-house valuation
     property management companies a separate group                     experts to assess the appropriateness of the
     of cash-generated-units (“CGU”) and goodwill has                   method adopted by management to perform
     been allocated to each of the acquired property                    goodwill impairment assessment and the pre-tax
     management companies. Management assessed                          discount rate used by management.
     the impairment of goodwill by determining the
                                                                (iv)    Challenged and assessed the reasonableness
     recoverable amounts of the CGU to which goodwill
                                                                        of the key assumptions used in the value-in-use
     has been allocated based on value-in-use calculation.
                                                                        calculation with the involvement of our in-house
     The value-in-use calculation requires the Group to
                                                                        valuation experts. For the annual revenue growth
     forecast the future cash flows expected to arise from
                                                                        rate, gross profit margin and EBITDA margin,
     the CGU based on the financial budgets approved
                                                                        we compared them with the relevant historical
     by management. Management has engaged an
                                                                        data and market data, where applicable; for
     independent qualified valuer to assist them in the
                                                                        the terminal growth rate, we assessed it with
     value-in-use calculation.
                                                                        reference to the long-term expected inflation rate
                                                                        based on our independent research.
     Significant judgements and estimates were involved in
     the goodwill impairment assessment. These significant      (v)     Performed a retrospective review by comparing the
     judgements and estimates include the adoption of                   prior year’s cash flow forecasts with the current
     appropriate method to perform goodwill impairment                  year’s results to assess the reliability and historical
     assessment and the use of key assumptions in the                   accuracy of management’s forecasting process.
     value-in-use calculation, which primarily include annual
     revenue growth rate, gross profit margin, EBITDA           (vi)    Evaluated the reasonableness of the sensitivity
     margin, terminal growth rate and pre-tax discount rate.            analysis performed by management on the
                                                                        key assumptions to understand the impact of
     We consider this area a key audit matter due to the                reasonable changes in assumptions on the
     significance of the goodwill balance and the significant           recoverable amount.
     judgements and estimates involved in the goodwill
     impairment assessment.                                     (vii)   Checked the mathematical accuracy of
                                                                        the calculations of the goodwill impairment
                                                                        assessment.

                                                                We found that the significant judgements and
                                                                estimates involved in the goodwill impairment
                                                                assessment were properly supported by available
                                                                evidences.




80      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated
Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
     that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.



                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          81
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
          Group’s internal control.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
          and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
          on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
          may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
          material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
          in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
          conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
          events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
          the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
          events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
          activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
          for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
          opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
     our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
     communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
     outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Cheung Siu Cheong.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, 18 March 2020




82        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                               COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                          2019             2018
                                                             Note     RMB’000          RMB’000

 Revenue                                                      5       9,644,947          4,675,287
 Cost of services                                            5, 8    (6,592,706)        (2,913,665)

 Gross profit                                                         3,052,241         1,761,622
 Selling and marketing expenses                               8         (66,773)           (26,639)
 General and administrative expenses                          8      (1,207,591)         (759,735)
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                    8         (30,741)           (13,392)
 Other income                                                 6          51,144             21,744
 Other gains — net                                            7         178,104             28,549

 Operating profit                                                    1,976,384          1,012,149
 Finance income                                              10         94,253             53,845
 Finance costs                                               10         (2,353)                —

 Finance income — net                                        10         91,900             53,845
 Share of results of joint ventures and associates                       7,828              3,393

 Profit before income tax                                            2,076,112          1,069,387
 Income tax expense                                          11       (357,721)          (135,177)

 Profit for the year                                                 1,718,391            934,210

 Profit attributable to:
   — Owners of the Company                                           1,670,664            923,154
   — Non-controlling interests                                          47,727             11,056

                                                                     1,718,391            934,210

 Other comprehensive income
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
    — Exchange differences on translation of
    foreign operations                                                     327                    —

 Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                 327                    —

 Total comprehensive income for the year                             1,718,718            934,210

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
   — Owners of the Company                                           1,670,991            923,154
   — Non-controlling interests                                          47,727             11,056

                                                                     1,718,718            934,210

 Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners
   of the Company (expressed in RMB cents per share)
   — Basic                                                   12          62.73              36.93
   — Diluted                                                 12          61.67              36.53


The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                             Annual Report 2019       83
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                         2019             2018
                                                              Note    RMB’000          RMB’000

     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                            14        311,873        118,835
     Right-of-use assets                                      15         28,790             —
     Intangible assets                                        16      1,603,853        686,307
     Investments in joint ventures                            18         73,522         27,025
     Investments in associates                                            5,992             —
     Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                       9,950          15,558
     Deferred income tax assets                               28        10,938           3,363

                                                                      2,044,918        851,088

     Current assets
     Inventories                                                         13,943           8,460
     Trade and other receivables                              20      2,003,770         788,059
     Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss   21      1,280,682              —
     Restricted bank deposits                                 22         11,861           5,366
     Cash and cash equivalents                                22      6,914,148       3,868,921

                                                                     10,224,404       4,670,806

     Total assets                                                    12,269,322       5,521,894




84      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                              Note            RMB’000          RMB’000

 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital and share premium                               23             1,756,918               1,584
 Other reserves                                                24               531,581             601,003
 Retained earnings                                             25             3,084,657           1,658,200

                                                                              5,373,156           2,260,787

 Non-controlling interests                                                      306,370              68,919

 Total equity                                                                 5,679,526           2,329,706

 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                             15                19,418                  —
 Deferred income tax liabilities                               28               143,079              65,044

                                                                                162,497              65,044

 Current liabilities
 Contract liabilities                                          5              1,618,059           1,000,156
 Trade and other payables                                      27             4,690,033           2,060,176
 Current income tax liabilities                                                 108,202              66,812
 Lease liabilities                                             15                11,005                  —

                                                                              6,427,299           3,127,144

 Total liabilities                                                            6,589,796           3,192,188

 Total equity and liabilities                                                12,269,322           5,521,894


The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

The financial statements on pages 83 to 150 were approved by the Board of Directors on 18 March 2020 and were
signed on its behalf.




                           LI Changjiang                              GUO Zhanjun
                              Director                                   Director




                                                                                      Annual Report 2019        85
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                    Share capital                                                  Non-
                                                                      and share          Other      Retained                 controlling
                                                                        premium       reserves      earnings       Total       interests Total equity
                                                            Note        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

      Balance at 1 January 2018                                               —       500,142      921,031     1,421,173       120,933      1,542,106
      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                                                     —            —       923,154       923,154         11,056      934,210

      Transactions with owners of the Company
      Issue of shares                                                     1,584            —             —         1,584             —          1,584
      Effect of the reorganisation                                           —              (2)          —             (2)           —              (2)
      Acquisition of non-controlling interests                               —        (11,759)           —       (11,759)      (103,441)     (115,200)
      Employee share schemes — value of employee services                    —         20,537            —        20,537             —         20,537
      Capital injection from non-controlling interests                       —             —             —            —           8,825         8,825
      Non-controlling interests arising from
         business combination                                                 —            —             —            —          33,241        33,241
      Appropriation of statutory reserves                                     —        92,085       (92,085)          —               —            —
      Dividends                                                               —            —        (93,900)     (93,900)         (1,695)     (95,595)

      Total transactions with owners                                      1,584       100,861      (185,985)     (83,540)       (63,070)     (146,610)

      Balance at 31 December 2018                                         1,584       601,003     1,658,200    2,260,787         68,919     2,329,706

      Balance at 1 January 2019                                           1,584       601,003     1,658,200    2,260,787         68,919     2,329,706
      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                                                     —            —      1,670,664    1,670,664         47,727     1,718,391
      Other comprehensive income                                              —           327            —           327             —            327

      Total comprehensive income for the
        period ended 31 December 2019                                         —           327     1,670,664    1,670,991         47,727     1,718,718

      Transactions with owners of the Company
      Issue of shares                                        23        1,679,435           —             —     1,679,435              —     1,679,435
      Employee share schemes
         — value of employee services                       9, 26            —         14,371            —        14,371            —         14,371
         — exercise of options                               23          75,899       (40,450)           —        35,449            —         35,449
      Capital injection from non-controlling interests                       —             —             —            —        206,170       206,170
      Transactions with non-controlling interests            31              —        (61,568)           —       (61,568)      (29,707)      (91,275)
      Non-controlling interests arising from
         business combinations                               32               —            —             —            —          34,277        34,277
      Appropriation of statutory reserves                    25               —        17,898       (17,898)          —              —             —
      Disposal of a subsidiary                                                —            —             —            —          (9,897)       (9,897)
      Dividends                                              13               —            —       (226,309)    (226,309)       (11,119)     (237,428)

      Total transactions with owners                                   1,755,334      (69,749)     (244,207)   1,441,378       189,724      1,631,102

      Balance at 31 December 2019                                      1,756,918      531,581     3,084,657    5,373,156       306,370      5,679,526

     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.




86         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                           CASH FLOWS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2019             2018
                                                                      Note      RMB’000          RMB’000

 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                       29(a)    3,552,570           1,661,547
 Income tax paid                                                                (295,364)           (112,871)

 Net cash generated from operating activities                                  3,257,206           1,548,676

 Cash flows from investing activities
 Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired        32       (291,330)           (403,840)
 Settlement of outstanding considerations payable for
    business combinations in prior years                                         (124,888)                  —
 Net cash outflow on disposal of a subsidiary                                     (11,664)                  —
 Payments for investments in joint ventures                            18         (39,929)              (6,000)
 Dividends received from joint ventures                                18             500                   —
 Dividends received from associates                                                 2,871                   —
 Payments for property, plant and equipment                           14          (80,682)            (69,561)
 Payments for intangible assets                                       16          (26,060)            (16,325)
 Payments for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   3.3      (3,371,309)          (242,000)
 Payments for financial assets at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                        —              (10,844)
 Proceeds from disposal of investments in associates                                  —               13,550
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment              29(c)        2,804               8,293
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                                                 —                    410
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                                     2,217,754            325,317
 Repayments by related parties                                                        —             233,489
 Interest received                                                     10         94,253             53,845

 Net cash used in investing activities                                         (1,627,680)          (113,666)

 Cash flows from financing activities
 Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                 23,488                 8,825
 Issue of shares                                                       23      1,714,884                 1,584
 Transactions with non-controlling interests                           31        (91,275)           (115,200)
 Principal elements of lease payments                                 29(d)       (8,782)                   —
 Interest paid on leases                                              29(d)       (2,353)                   —
 Dividends paid to the then shareholder of the Company                                —               (93,900)
 Dividends paid to owners of the Company                               13       (226,309)                   —
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     (11,119)               (1,695)

 Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                        1,398,534            (200,386)

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     3,028,060           1,234,624
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                            3,868,921           2,634,297
 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and
   cash equivalents                                                               17,167                     —

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                  6,914,148           3,868,921

The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                       Annual Report 2019         87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     1. General information
        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman
        Islands on 24 January 2018 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law
        (Cap. 22, Law 3 of 1961 as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.

        The address of the Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand
        Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

        The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally
        engaged in provision of property management services, community value-added services, value-added services
        to non-property owners, and provision of heat supply services in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

        The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

        These consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 are presented in
        Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated. These consolidated financial statements have been approved for
        issue by the Board of Directors on 18 March 2020.


     2. Summary of significant accounting policies
        This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated
        financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless
        otherwise stated. The consolidated financial statements are for the Group consisting of the Company and its
        subsidiaries.

        2.1   Basis of preparation

              The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all
              applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and requirements of the Hong Kong
              Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under
              the historical cost convention, except for the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), which
              are carried at fair value.

              The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
              accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgments in the process of applying
              the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgments or complexity, or
              areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are
              disclosed in Note 4.

              2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures

                   (a)   The adoption of the amendments to HKFRSs effective for the financial year ending
                         31 December 2019 did not have a material impact to the Group, except for the adoption of
                         HKFRS 16, ‘Leases’.

                         The Group has adopted HKFRS 16 retrospectively from 1 January 2019, but has not
                         restated comparatives for the 2018 reporting period, as permitted under the specific
                         transitional provisions in the standard. The reclassifications and the adjustments arising from
                         the new leasing rules are therefore recognised in the opening balance sheet on 1 January
                         2019. The impact of the adoption of the standard is disclosed in note 2.1.1(c).




88      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
   2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

         2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)

              (b)   New standards and amendments to existing standards which have been issued but not yet
                    effective and have not been early adopted by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                 Effective for the
                                                                                                    financial year
                                                                                            beginning on or after

                      Amendments to HKFRS 3              Definition of a business                   1 January 2020
                      Amendments to HKAS 1               Definition of material                     1 January 2020
                       and HKAS 8
                      Revised conceptual framework       Conceptual framework for                   1 January 2020
                        for financial reporting           financial reporting
                      HKFRS 17                           Insurance contracts                        1 January 2021
                      Amendments to HKFRS 10             Sale or contribution of assets           To be determined
                       and HKAS 28                         between an investor and
                                                           its associate or joint venture
                    These standards and amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the entity
                    in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.
              (c)   Adjustments recognised on adoption of HKFRS 16
                    On adoption of HKFRS 16, the Group recognised lease liabilities in relation to leases
                    which had previously been classified as ‘operating leases’ under the principles of HKAS
                    17, ‘Leases’. These liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease
                    payments, discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate as of 1 January 2019.
                    The weighted average lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities on
                    1 January 2019 was 7%.
                    (i)   Practical expedients applied
                          In applying HKFRS 16 for the first time, the Group has used the following practical
                          expedients permitted by the standard:
                          •    applying a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar
                               characteristics
                          •    relying on previous assessments on whether leases are onerous as an alternative
                               to performing an impairment review — there were no onerous contracts as at
                               1 January 2019
                          •    accounting for operating leases with a remaining lease term of less than
                               12 months as at 1 January 2019 as short-term leases
                          •    excluding initial direct costs for the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the
                               date of initial application, and
                          •    using hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options
                               to extend or terminate the lease.
                          The Group has also elected not to reassess whether a contract is, or contains a lease
                          at the date of initial application. Instead, for contracts entered into before the transition
                          date the Group relied on its assessment made applying HKAS 17 and HKFRIC 4,
                          ‘Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease’.


                                                                                             Annual Report 2019           89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
        2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

              2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)

                   (c)   Adjustments recognised on adoption of HKFRS 16 (Continued)

                         (ii)    Measurement of lease liabilities

                                                                                                               2019
                                                                                                            RMB’000

                                  Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018                10,366
                                  Discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at the
                                    date of initial application                                                 9,251
                                  Less: short-term leases not recognised as a liability                          (596)
                                  Less: low-value leases not recognised as a liability                         (1,150)

                                  Lease liabilities recognised as at 1 January 2019                             7,505

                                  Of which are:
                                  Current lease liabilities                                                     1,885
                                  Non-current lease liabilities                                                 5,620

                                                                                                                7,505

                         (iii)   Measurement of right-of-use assets

                                 Right-of-use assets were measured at the amount equal to the lease liabilities,
                                 adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to that lease
                                 recognised in the balance sheet as at 31 December 2018.

                         (iv)    Adjustments recognised in the balance sheet on 1 January 2019

                                 The change in accounting policy affected the following items in the balance sheet on
                                 1 January 2019:


                                                                                                           RMB’000

                                  Increase in right-of-use assets                                              7,505
                                  Increase in lease liabilities                                                (7,505)

                                  Net impact on retained earnings on 1 January 2019                                —

                         (v)     Lessor accounting

                                 The Group did not need to make any adjustments to the accounting for assets held as
                                 lessor under operating leases as a result of the adoption of HKFRS 16.




90      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
   2.2   Subsidiaries

         2.2.1 Consolidation

              A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The
              Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
              involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
              entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
              They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

              (a)   Business combination not under common control

                    The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations not under
                    common control. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises
                    the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the
                    acquire, the equity interests issued by the Group, the fair value of any asset or liability
                    resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and the fair value of any pre-existing
                    equity interest in the subsidiary. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent
                    liabilities assumed in a business combination, with limited exceptions, are measured initially
                    at their fair values at the acquisition date.

                    The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-
                    acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership
                    interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the
                    event of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the present ownership interests’
                    proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All
                    other components of non-controlling interests are measured at their acquisition date fair
                    value, unless another measurement basis is required by HKFRS.

                    Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                    Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the
                    acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that
                    is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration
                    that is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for
                    within equity.

                    The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                    acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree
                    over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total
                    of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest
                    measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of
                    a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in profit or loss.

                    Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the
                    future are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate
                    used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing
                    could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.
                    Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts
                    classified as a financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair
                    value recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2019           91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2   Subsidiaries (Continued)

              2.2.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                    (a)   Business combination not under common control (Continued)

                          Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                          companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                          provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts
                          reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform to the Group’s accounting policies.

                          If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the
                          acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the
                          acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised in
                          profit or loss.

                    (b)   Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

                          The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
                          control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest
                          results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling
                          interests to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the
                          amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received
                          is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Company.

                    (c)   Disposal of subsidiaries

                          When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to
                          its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognised
                          in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
                          accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In
                          addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income (OCI) in respect
                          of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
                          liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
                          are reclassified to profit or loss.

        2.3   Associates and joint arrangements

              (a)   Associates

                    Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                    control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting
                    rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after
                    initially being recognised at cost.

              (b)   Joint arrangements

                    Investment in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures. The
                    classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor. The Group
                    assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and determined them to be joint ventures. Joint
                    ventures are accounted for using the equity method.

              (c)   Equity accounting

                    Under the equity method of accounting, the investment is initially recognised at cost and adjusted
                    thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee
                    in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the
                    investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and
                    joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.




92      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
   2.3   Associates and joint arrangements (Continued)

         (c)   Equity accounting (Continued)

               When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its
               interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not
               recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
               other entity.

               Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
               eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also
               eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
               Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure
               consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

               The carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognise the investor’s share of the profit or
               loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. The Group’s investments in associates and joint
               ventures include goodwill identified on acquisition. Upon the acquisition of the ownership interest
               in an associate or a joint venture, any difference between the cost of the associate or joint venture
               and the Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate’s or joint venture’s identifiable assets
               and liabilities is accounted for as goodwill.

               The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with
               the policy described in note 2.9.

         (d)   Changes in ownership interests

               When the Group ceases to equity account for an investment because of a loss of joint control or
               significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change
               in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value becomes the initial carrying amount for
               the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as a financial asset. In addition,
               any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are
               accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
               that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss
               or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.

               If the ownership interest in an associate or joint venture is reduced but significant influence or
               joint control is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other
               comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

               Gain or losses on dilution of equity interest in associates and joint ventures are recognised in profit
               or loss.

   2.4   Separate financial statements

         Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
         costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
         dividend received and receivable.

         Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
         investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
         dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
         exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
         including goodwill.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2019            93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
        2.5   Segment reporting

              Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
              chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”), who is responsible for
              allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the
              executive directors of the Company that make strategic decisions.

        2.6   Foreign currency translation

              (a)   Functional and presentation currency

                    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                    the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                    currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s
                    functional and presentation currency.

              (b)   Transactions and balances

                    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                    at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains
                    and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end
                    exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are generally
                    recognised within ‘Other gains — net’ in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.

              (c)   Group companies

                    The results and financial position of all group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                    hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                    of RMB are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                    •    assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at
                         the date of that balance sheet

                    •    income and expenses for each consolidated statement of comprehensive income are
                         translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                         cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                         expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                    •    all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                    On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
                    foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such
                    investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income.

        2.7   Property, plant and equipment

              Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation, net of any impairment losses,
              if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

              Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
              appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
              the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
              accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance
              are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.




94      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
   2.7   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

         Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost, net of their residual
         values, over their estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements, the shorter lease
         term as follows:



          Building                                                                                       20 years
          Machinery                                                                                   5–15 years
          Transportation equipment                                                                    5–10 years
          Electronic equipment                                                                        5–10 years
          Office equipment                                                                                5 years
          Leasehold improvements                                              Estimated useful lives or remaining
                                                                               lease terms, whichever is shorter
         The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
         reporting period.

         An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
         amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

         Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
         are recognised within ‘Other gains — net’ in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

   2.8   Intangible assets

         (a)   Goodwill

               Goodwill is measured as described in note 2.2.1(a). Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is
               included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually, or
               more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is
               carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity
               include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

               Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment testing.
               The allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the
               business combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the
               lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.

         (b)   Software

               Acquired software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring
               to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives (3 to
               10 years).

               Costs associated with maintaining software programmes are recognised as an expense as
               incurred.

         (c)   Property management contracts and customer relationships

               Property management contracts and customer relationships acquired in business combinations
               are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The property management contracts
               and customer relationships have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated
               amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful
               lives of the respective contracts (6 to 9 years).




                                                                                           Annual Report 2019          95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
        2.9   Impairment of non-financial assets

              Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and
              are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
              that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes
              in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
              recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
              The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
              For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are
              separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets
              or groups of assets (CGU). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are
              reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

        2.10 Investments and other financial assets

              2.10.1 Classification

                      The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                      •    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI, or through profit or
                           loss), and

                      •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

                      The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and
                      the contractual terms of the cash flows.

                      For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or
                      OCI. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which the
                      investment is held. For investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether the Group
                      has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
                      investment at FVOCI.

                      The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                      those assets changes.

              2.10.2 Recognition and derecognition

                      Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
                      which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when
                      the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred
                      and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

              2.10.3 Measurement

                      At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                      financial asset not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of
                      the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit
                      or loss.

                      Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                      whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




96      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
   2.10 Investment and other financial assets (Continued)

        2.10.3 Measurement (Continued)

                 Debt instruments

                 Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                 for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                 measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                 •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those
                       cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised
                       cost. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised cost
                       and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in the consolidated statement of
                       comprehensive income when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest income from
                       these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method.

                 •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                       financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and
                       interest, are measured at FVOCI Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
                       OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign
                       exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset
                       is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified
                       from equity to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and recognised in
                       ‘Other gains — net’. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance
                       income using the effective interest rate method.

                 •     FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or financial assets at fair
                       value through other comprehensive income are measured at fair value through profit or
                       loss. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at fair value
                       through profit or loss and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or
                       loss and presented net in ‘Other gains — net’ in the period in which it arises.

                 Equity instruments

                 The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                 management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
                 there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss. Dividends
                 from such investments continue to be recognised in ‘Other income’ when the Group’s right to
                 receive payments is established.

                 Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in ‘Other gains — net’ as
                 applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured
                 at financial assets at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

   2.11 Offsetting financial instruments

        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated balance
        sheets when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an
        intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The legally
        enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course
        of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2019            97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
        2.12 Impairment of financial assets

             The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets
             carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a
             significant increase in credit risk. Note 3 details how the Group determines whether there has been a
             significant increase in credit risk.

             For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
             expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables, see note 20 for
             further details.

        2.13 Inventories

             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
             weighted average method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
             business, less applicable variable selling expenses.

        2.14 Trade and other receivables

             Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services provided in the ordinary course of
             business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal
             operating cycle if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current
             assets.

             Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
             amortised cost using the effective interest method, less allowance for impairment.

        2.15 Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash

             Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand and at banks, deposits held at call with banks and
             other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Bank deposits
             which are restricted to use are included in ‘Restricted cash’ of the consolidated balance sheets.

        2.16 Share capital

             Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

             Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
             deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


        2.17 Trade and other payables

             These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end
             of financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 90 days
             of recognition. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not
             due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and
             subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.




98      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
   2.18 Current and deferred income tax

       The tax expense for the period comprised current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss,
       except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
       equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
       respectively.

       (a)   Current income tax

             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
             enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
             operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax
             returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It
             establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax
             authorities.

       (b)   Deferred income tax

             Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
             between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
             financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the
             initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial
             recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the
             time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is
             determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end
             of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
             realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be
             available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

             Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
             amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
             the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
             reverse in the foreseeable future.

             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
             current tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation
             authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable
             right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the
             liability simultaneously.

   2.19 Employee benefits

       (a)   Pension obligations

             The Group only operate defined contribution pension plans. In accordance with the rules
             and regulations in the PRC, the PRC based employees of the Group participate in various
             defined contribution retirement benefit plans organised by the relevant municipal and provincial
             governments in the PRC under which the Group and the PRC based employees are required to
             make monthly contributions to these plans calculated as a percentage of the employees’ salaries.
             The municipal and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations
             of all existing and future retired PRC based employees’ payable under the plans described above.
             Other than the monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of
             retirement and other post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are
             held separately from those of the Group in independently administrated funds managed by the
             governments.


                                                                                           Annual Report 2019           99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

         2.19 Employee benefits (Continued)

              (a)     Pension obligations (Continued)

                      The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement scheme are expensed as
                      incurred.

              (b)     Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances

                      Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised
                      housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on
                      a monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees,
                      subject to certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the
                      contributions payable in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and
                      other social insurances are expensed as incurred.

              (c)     Termination benefits

                      Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the
                      normal retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for
                      these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates:
                      (a) When the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity
                      recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the payment
                      of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the
                      termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the
                      offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of reporting period are discounted to
                      their present value.

              (d)     Employee leave entitlements

                      Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision
                      is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up
                      to the balance sheet date.

                      Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

         2.20 Share-based payments

              Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Company’s pre-listing
              share option scheme. Information relating to the scheme is set out in note 26. The fair value of the
              employee service received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense with a
              corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair
              value of the options granted:

              (i)     Including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

              (ii)    Excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                      profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time
                      period); and

              (iii)   Including the impact of any non-vesting conditions.

              Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of
              options that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the
              period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.



100      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
   2.20 Share-based payments (Continued)

        In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and
        therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense during the
        period between service commencement period and grant date.
        The grant by the Company of its options to the employees of the subsidiaries of the Group is treated
        as a capital contribution. The Group recognised the share-based compensation expenses in “General
        and administrative expenses” for the share options granted to the directors, senior management
        and employees of the Group and recognised as a deemed distribution to the shareholders in equity
        (recorded in “Other reserves”) for the share options granted to the directors and senior management
        of related companies, who did not provide significant services to the Group. The fair value of employee
        services received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting
        period as an increase to investments in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent
        entity accounts.
        At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are
        expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service conditions. It recognises the
        impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to
        equity.
        When the share options are exercised, the Group issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
        directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.
   2.21 Revenue recognition, contract assets and contract liabilities

        The Group provides property management services, community value-added services, value-added
        services to non-property owners, and heat supply services. Revenue from providing services is
        recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered.
        For property management and heat supply services, the Group bills a fixed amount for services provided
        on a monthly basis and recognises as revenue in the amount to which the Group has a right to invoice
        and that corresponds directly with the value of performance completed.
        For property management services income from properties managed under lump sum basis, where the
        Group acts as principal and is primary responsible for providing the property management services to
        the property owners, the Group recognises the fee received or receivable from property owners as its
        revenue and all related property management costs as its cost of services. For property management
        services income from properties managed under commission basis, the Group recognises the
        commission, which is calculated by certain percentage of the total property management fee received or
        receivable from the property units, as its revenue for arranging and monitoring the services as provided
        by other suppliers to the property owners.
        Value-added services to non-property owners mainly include consultancy services to property
        developers or other property management companies, cleaning, greening, repair and maintenance
        services, and sales and leasing agency services for unsold parking spaces and properties to property
        developers at the pre-delivery stage. The Group agrees the price for each service with the customers
        upfront and issue the monthly bill to the customers which varies based on the actual level of service
        completed in that month.
        Community value-added services mainly include home living services, real estate brokerage services and
        community area services. Revenue is recognised when the related community value-added services
        are rendered. Payment of the transaction is due immediately when the community value-added
        services are rendered to the customer.
        If contracts involve the sale of multiple services, the transaction price will be allocated to each
        performance obligation based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling
        prices are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or adjusted
        market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019           101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
         2.21 Revenue recognition, contract assets and contract liabilities (Continued)

              When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the balance sheet as
              a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the Group’s performance
              and the customer’s payment.

              A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has
              transferred to a customer. Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalised
              and presented as assets and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.

              If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
              unconditional, before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the contract
              as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A
              contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has
              received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

              A receivable is recorded when the Group has an unconditional right to consideration. A right
              to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
              consideration is due.

         2.22 Interest income

              Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in the net fair value gains/ (losses) on these
              assets. Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated
              using the effective interest method is recognised in ‘Other income’. Interest income is presented as
              finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes.
              Any other interest income is included in ‘Other income’.

              Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
              financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
              financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset
              (after deduction of the loss allowance).

         2.23 Leases

              As explained in note 2.1.1(c) above, the Group has changed its accounting policy for leases where the
              Group is the lessee. The new policy is described below and the impact of the change in note 2.1.1(c).

              Until 31 December 2018, leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership
              were not transferred to the Group as lessee were classified as operating leases. Payments made under
              operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) were charged to profit or loss on a
              straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

              From 1 January 2019, leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the
              date at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

              Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
              include the net present value of the following lease payments:

              •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

              •    variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or
                   rate as at the commencement date

              •    amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees

              •    the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option,
                   and


102      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
   2.23 Leases (Continued)

        •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that
             option.

        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
        measurement of the liability.

        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
        determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would
        have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic
        environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

        Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit
        or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
        balance of the liability for each period.

        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

        •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liabilities

        •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
             received

        •    any initial direct costs, and

        •    restoration costs.

        Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term
        on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use
        asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

        Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a
        straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of
        12 months or less. Low-value assets mainly comprise electronic equipment and vehicles.

        Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-
        line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to
        the carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same
        basis as lease income. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet based on their
        nature. The Group did not need to make any adjustments to the accounting for assets held as lessor as
        a result of adopting the new leasing standard.

   2.24 Government grants

        Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
        that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

        Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period
        necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

   2.25 Dividend distribution

        Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer
        at the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end
        of the reporting period.



                                                                                          Annual Report 2019           103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3. Financial risk management
         3.1   Financial risk factors

               The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: mainly credit risk, liquidity risk and foreign
               exchange risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of
               financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

               3.1.1 Credit risk

                     The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade and other receivables and cash deposits
                     at banks. The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and
                     restricted cash represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial
                     assets.

                     The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash deposits at banks
                     since they are substantially deposited at state-owned banks and other medium or large-sized
                     listed banks with high credit rating. Management does not expect that there will be any significant
                     losses from non-performance by these counterparties.

                     The Group has large number of customers and there was no concentration of credit risk. The
                     Group has monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
                     debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverability of these receivables at the end of each
                     reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts.

                     The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
                     has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                     To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a
                     default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of
                     initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information.
                     Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

                     •     internal credit rating

                     •     external credit rating

                     •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                           that are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its
                           obligations

                     •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of individual property owner or
                           the borrower

                     •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the individual property
                           owner or the same borrower

                     •     significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower, including
                           changes in the payment status of borrowers in the Group and changes in the operating
                           results of the borrower.




104     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3. Financial risk management (Continued)
   3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

         3.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

              (a)   Trade receivables

                    The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed
                    by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for trade
                    receivables.

                    As at 31 December 2019, the Group has assessed that the expected credit losses for trade
                    receivables from related parties was immaterial. Thus no loss allowance provision for trade
                    receivables from related parties was recognised during the year (2018: nil).

                    As at 31 December 2019, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rates for trade
                    receivables from certain third-party property developers amounting to RMB10,408,000 were
                    100% as these property developers were experiencing significant financial difficulties. Thus
                    RMB10,408,000 of specific loss allowance provision was provided against these receivables
                    during the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB4,057,000).

                    The loss allowance provision for the remaining balances was determined as follows:

                                                 Up to 1     1 to 2   2 to 3   3 to 4      4 to 5   Over 5
                                                   year      years    years    years       years     years       Total

                     Trade receivables
                     At 31 December 2019
                     Expected loss rate             0.8%      6.4%    20.1%    36.0%      57.3%     100%
                     Gross carrying amount
                       (RMB’000)                1,315,653   106,541   44,486   22,942      7,747     8,841 1,506,210
                     Loss allowance provision
                       (RMB’000)                  10,131      6,850    8,950    8,252      4,436     8,841      47,460

                     At 31 December 2018
                     Expected loss rate             0.7%      5.7%    17.3%    32.1%      55.5%      100%
                     Gross carrying amount
                       (RMB’000)                 385,085     80,282   37,047   13,532      6,110     7,693     529,749
                     Loss allowance provision
                       (RMB’000)                   2,696      4,576    6,409    4,344      3,391     7,693      29,109

                    The loss allowance provision for trade receivables reconciles to the opening loss allowance
                    for that provision as follows:

                                                                                      2019                      2018
                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000

                     At 1 January                                                       33,166                 23,550
                     Provision for loss allowance recognised in
                       profit or loss                                                   25,645                 11,041
                     Receivables written off as uncollectable                             (943)                 (1,425)

                     At 31 December                                                     57,868                 33,166




                                                                                            Annual Report 2019            105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3. Financial risk management (Continued)
         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               3.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

                    (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)
                          As at 31 December 2019, the gross carrying amount of trade receivables was
                          RMB1,631,855,000 (2018: RMB600,650,000) and thus the maximum exposure to loss was
                          RMB1,573,987,000 (2018: RMB567,484,000).
                    (b)   Other receivables (excluding prepayments)
                          Other receivables (excluding prepayments) mainly included payments on behalf of property
                          owners, deposits and others. Management considered these receivables to be low credit risk
                          and thus the loss allowance provision recognised was limited to 12 months expected losses.
                          The loss allowance provision for other receivables (excluding prepayments) reconciles to the
                          opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                           2019                2018
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

                              At 1 January                                                  4,976               2,625
                              Provision for loss allowance recognised in
                                profit or loss                                              5,096               2,351

                              At 31 December                                               10,072               4,976

                          As at 31 December 2019, the gross carrying amount of other receivables (excluding
                          prepayments) was RMB377,263,000(2018: RMB195,485,000) and thus the maximum
                          exposure to loss was RMB367,191,000(2018: RMB190,509,000).
               3.1.2 Liquidity risk

                    To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
                    equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate
                    the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.
                    The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on
                    the remaining period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
                    contractual undiscounted cash flows and include interest, if applicable.

                                                           Less than         1 to 2     2 to 5    Over 5
                                                              1 year         years      years      years      Total
                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

                      At 31 December 2019
                      Trade and other payables              3,493,045            —          —          —    3,493,045
                      Lease liabilities                        13,126         9,158      9,016      6,986      38,286

                      Total                                 3,506,171         9,158      9,106      6,986   3,531,331

                      At 31 December 2018
                      Trade and other payables              1,422,680            —          —          —    1,422,680
                      Lease liabilities                            —             —          —          —           —

                      Total                                 1,422,680            —          —          —    1,422,680




106      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3. Financial risk management (Continued)
   3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

         3.1.3 Foreign exchange risk

              The Group’s businesses are principally conducted in RMB. The majority of its assets is
              denominated in RMB. The majority of its non-RMB assets are bank deposits denominated in Hong
              Kong Dollar (“HKD”). The Group is subject to foreign exchange risk arising from future commercial
              transactions and recognised assets which are denominated in non-RMB and net investment in
              foreign operations.

              The aggregated carrying amount of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets of the
              Group at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                      31 December 2019         31 December 2018
                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000

                Assets
                HKD                                                             1,082,229                    833
                Other currencies                                                   21,031                  5,852
                                                                                1,103,260                  6,685

              The following table shows the sensitivity analysis of a 5% change in RMB against the HKD. The
              sensitivity analysis includes only foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their
              translation at the year-end for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. Should RMB strengthened/
              weakened by 5% against the HKD, the effects on the profit or loss for the year would be as
              follows:

                                                                                Change of profit or loss
                                                                                — increase/(decrease)
                                                                                     2019                2018
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

                RMB against HKD:
                Strengthened by 5%                                                  (54,111)                   (42)
                Weakened by 5%                                                       54,111                     42


   3.2   Capital management

         The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
         going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
         maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

         In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid
         to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

         The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided
         by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total debt less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is
         calculated as ‘equity’ as shown in the consolidated balance sheets plus net debt.

         As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Group maintained at net cash position.



                                                                                          Annual Report 2019          107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3. Financial risk management (Continued)
         3.3   Fair value estimation

               The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by level of the inputs to
               valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as follows:


               •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).


               •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                      either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).


               •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                      inputs) (level 3).

                                                                         Level 1        Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                   As at 31 December 2019
                   Assets
                   Financial assets at FVPL                                     —              —    1,280,682       1,280,682
                   Financial assets at FVOCI                                    —              —        9,950           9,950

                   Total                                                        —              —    1,290,632       1,290,632

                                                                          Level 1       Level 2       Level 3          Total
                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                   As at 31 December 2018
                   Assets
                   Financial assets at FVOCI                                    —              —        15,558        15,558

               The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31 December 2019:

                                                                                      Financial
                                                                                      assets at      Financial
                                                                                          FVPL       assets at
                                                                                      (Note 21)         FVOCI         Total
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

                   Opening balance as at 1 January 2019                                       —         15,558       15,558
                   Additions                                                           3,371,309             — 3,371,309
                   Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 32)                                  12,000             —       12,000
                   Disposals                                                          (2,102,627)        (5,608) (2,108,235)

                   Closing balance as at 31 December 2019                             1,280,682          9,950      1,290,632

               There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year.

               There were no changes in valuation techniques during the year.




108      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
   The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will,
   by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant
   risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial
   year are discussed below.

   (a)    Expected credit losses on receivables

          The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and expected
          loss rates. The Group used judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the
          impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward
          looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.

          Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying
          amount of trade and other receivables and the related loss allowances in the period in which such
          estimate is changed. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see note 3.1 above.

   (b)    Current tax and deferred tax

          The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. Judgement is required in determining the provision
          for income taxes. There are some transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination
          is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is
          different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and
          provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

          Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised
          when management considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the
          temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual utilisation may be different.

   (c)    Fair value assessment of the identified property management contracts and customer
          relationships and the recognition of goodwill arising from business combinations

          Significant judgements and estimates were involved in the fair value assessment of the identified
          property management contracts and customer relationships and the recognition of goodwill arising from
          business combinations. These significant judgements and estimates include the adoption of appropriate
          valuation methodologies and the use of key assumptions in the valuation (mainly gross profit margins,
          earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) margins, discount rates and
          expected useful lives of the property management contracts and customer relationships). See notes 16
          and 32 for more details.

   (d)    Goodwill impairment assessment

          For the purposes of goodwill impairment assessment, management considered each of the acquired
          property management companies a separate group of cash-generated-units (“CGU”) and goodwill has
          been allocated to each of the acquired property management companies. Management assessed the
          impairment of goodwill by determining the recoverable amounts of the CGU to which goodwill has been




                                                                                              Annual Report 2019           109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)
         (d)   Goodwill impairment assessment (Continued)

               allocated based on value-in-use calculation. Significant judgements and estimates were involved in the
               goodwill impairment assessment. These significant judgements and estimates include the adoption of
               appropriate valuation method and the use of key assumptions in the valuation, which primarily include
               annual revenue growth rate, gross profit margin, EBITDA margin, terminal growth rate and pre-tax
               discount rate. See note 16 for more details.


      5. Revenue and segment information
         Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Chief Operating
         Decision Makers (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
         performance of the operating segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company.

         In previous years, the Group was principally engaged in the provision of property management services,
         community value-added services and value-added services to non-property owners in the PRC. The CODM
         of the Company regarded that there was only one segment which was used to make strategic decisions.
         During the current year, the Group commenced the provision of heat supplies and property management
         services among the three supplies and property management businesses which comprise the provision of
         water, electricity and heat supplies and property management services under the state-owned enterprises
         separation and reform program (hereinafter referred to as “Three Supplies and Property Management”). The
         operating results of the Three Supplies and Property Management businesses is included in the reports
         reviewed by the CODM for performance evaluation and resources allocation purposes.

         The CODM considers business from a product perspective and has identified the following two segments:

         —	Property management and related services other than the Three Supplies and Property Management
            businesses, which include property management services, community value-added services and value-
            added services to non-property owners

         —	Three Supplies and Property Management businesses, which currently include property management
            services and heat supply business

         The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of operating profit,
         adjusted by excluding realised and unrealised gains from financial assets at FVPL, and including share of
         results of joint ventures and associates.

         Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets,
         investments in joint ventures, investments in associates, inventories, receivables, and operating cash. They
         exclude deferred income tax assets, financial assets at FVOCI and financial assets at FVPL. Segment liabilities
         consist primarily of operating liabilities. They exclude current and deferred income tax liabilities.

         Capital expenditure comprises additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
         assets, excluding those arising from business combinations.




110      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from provision of property management services, community value-
   added services, value-added services to non-property owners and heat supply services. An analysis of the
   Group’s revenue and cost of services by category for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 was as
   follows:

                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                       2019                             2018
                                                                 Cost of                            Cost of
                                                Revenue         services         Revenue           services
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

    Revenue from customer and
     recognised over time:

    Property management and related
      services other than Three
      Supplies and Property Management
      — Property management services          5,816,961       4,061,200         3,445,489        2,347,831
      — Value-added services to
       non-property owners                    1,422,058         839,088           791,084          410,757
      — Community value-added services          865,187         292,260           417,220          141,457
      — Other services                           25,368          14,653            21,494           13,620

                                              8,129,574       5,207,201         4,675,287        2,913,665

    Three Supplies and Property
      Management
      — Heat supply services                    990,215         930,792                —                —
      — Property management services            525,158         454,713                —                —

                                              1,515,373       1,385,505                —                —

                                              9,644,947       6,592,706         4,675,287        2,913,665

   For the year ended 31 December 2019, revenue from Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CGH”)
   and its subsidiaries (together, the “CGH Group”) contributed 13.2% (2018: 16.8%) of the Group’s revenue.
   Other than the CGH Group, the Group has a large number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or
   more of the Group’s revenue during the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.

   Sales between segments are carried out on terms agreed upon by the respective segments’ management.

   Nearly 100% of the Group’s revenue is attributable to the markets in Mainland China and nearly 100% of
   the Group’s non-current assets are located in Mainland China. No geographical information is therefore
   presented.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2019         111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      5. Revenue and segment information (Continued)

         (a)   Contract liabilities

               The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

                 Contract liabilities                                                      1,618,059               1,000,156

               (i)     Significant changes in contract liabilities

                       Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while
                       the underlying services are yet to be provided. Such liabilities increased as a result of the growth of
                       the Group’s business.

               (ii)    Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities

                       The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to
                       carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

                        Revenue recognised that was included in the balance
                          of contract liabilities at the beginning of the year
                          — Property management services                                     721,874               514,043
                          — Community value-added services                                    70,091                   277
                          — Value-added services to non-property owners                        3,857                 2,430

                                                                                             795,822               516,750

               (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations

                       For property management services, value-added services to non-property owners and heat supply
                       services, the Group recognises revenue in the amount that equals to the right to invoice which
                       corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the Group’s performance to date, on a
                       monthly basis. The Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining
                       performance obligations for these type of contracts. The majority of the property management
                       service and heat supply service contracts do not have a fixed term. The term of the contracts for
                       value-added services to non-property owners is generally set to expire when the counterparties
                       notify the Group that the services are no longer required.

                       For community value-added services, they are rendered in short period of time and there is no
                       unsatisfied performance obligation at the end of respective periods.




112      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5. Revenue and segment information (Continued)

   (a)    Contract liabilities (Continued)


          (iv)   Assets recognised from incremental costs to obtain a contract

                 During the year ended 31 December 2019, there were no incremental costs to obtain a contract
                 (2018: nil).

   (b)    Segment information

          The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2019 is as follows:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                    Property
                                                               management
                                                                 and related
                                                              services other
                                                                 than Three
                                                               Supplies and    Three Supplies
                                                                    Property     and Property
                                                               Management        Management           Total
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000

           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Total segment revenue                                   8,129,574       1,515,373       9,644,947
           Less: inter-segment revenue                                    —               —               —

           Revenue from external customers                         8,129,574       1,515,373       9,644,947

           Timing of revenue recognition:
           Recognised over time                                    8,129,574       1,515,373       9,644,947

           Segment results                                         1,814,629         54,456        1,869,085

           Share of results of joint ventures and
             associates                                               7,494             334            7,828
           Depreciation and amortisation
             charges                                                 94,614          54,315          148,929
           Net impairment losses on financial
             assets                                                  27,710           3,031           30,741
           Capital expenditure                                       98,454          26,219          124,673




                                                                                      Annual Report 2019        113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      5. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
         (b)   Segment information (Continued)

                                                                                  As at 31 December 2019
                                                                           Property
                                                                      management
                                                                        and related
                                                                     services other
                                                                        than Three
                                                                      Supplies and     Three Supplies
                                                                           Property      and Property
                                                                      Management         Management                Total
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

                Segment assets                                            8,744,977          2,222,775          10,967,752

                Investments in joint ventures and
                  associates                                                 39,250             40,264             79,514

                Segment liabilities                                       4,775,313          1,563,202           6,338,515

               The segment information provided to CODM for the year ended 31 December 2018 is as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                             Property
                                                                    management and
                                                                     related services
                                                                           other than
                                                                      Three Supplies      Three Supplies
                                                                        and Property        and Property
                                                                        Management          Management              Total
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

                Revenue from contracts with customers
                Total segment revenue                                     4,675,287                 —            4,675,287
                Less: inter-segment revenue                                      —                  —                   —

                Revenue from external customers                           4,675,287                 —            4,675,287

                Timing of revenue recognition:
                Recognised over time                                      4,675,287                 —            4,675,287

                Segment results                                           1,019,192            (13,018)          1,006,174

                Share of results of joint ventures and associates             3,393                 —               3,393
                Depreciation and amortisation charges                        32,719                227             32,946
                Net impairment losses on financial assets                    13,391                  1             13,392
                Impairment charges on intangible assets                       5,431                 —               5,431
                Capital expenditure                                          84,127              1,759             85,886




114      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   (b)    Segment information (Continued)


                                                                                As at 31 December 2018
                                                                         Property
                                                                management and
                                                                 related services
                                                                       other than
                                                                  Three Supplies      Three Supplies
                                                                    and Property        and Property
                                                                    Management          Management           Total
                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

           Segment assets                                             5,107,686            395,287        5,502,973

           Investments in joint ventures                                 27,025                  —          27,025

           Segment liabilities                                        3,058,849              1,483        3,060,332

          A reconciliation of segment results to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2019             2018
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

           Segment results                                                         1,869,085             1,006,174
           Realised and unrealised gains from
             financial assets at FVPL                                                  115,127              9,368
           Finance income — net                                                         91,900             53,845

           Profit before income tax                                                2,076,112             1,069,387

          A reconciliation of segment assets to total assets is provided as follows:

                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2019             2018
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

           Segment assets                                                         10,967,752             5,502,973
           Deferred income tax assets                                                 10,938                 3,363
           Financial assets at FVOCI                                                   9,950                15,558
           Financial assets at FVPL                                                1,280,682                    —

           Total assets                                                           12,269,322             5,521,894




                                                                                            Annual Report 2019        115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      5. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
         (b)   Segment information (Continued)

               A reconciliation of segment liabilities to total liabilities is provided as follows:

                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

                Segment liabilities                                                          6,338,515        3,060,332
                Deferred income tax liabilities                                                143,079           65,044
                Current income tax liabilities                                                 108,202           66,812

                Total liabilities                                                            6,589,796        3,192,188



      6. Other income

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

          Government subsidy income                                                              31,956         11,170
          Late payment charges                                                                   19,188         10,574

                                                                                                 51,144         21,744


      7. Other gains — net

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

          Realised and unrealised gains from financial assets at FVPL (Note)                    115,127          9,368
          Net foreign exchange gains                                                             56,315             —
          Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                         30            121
          Gains on early termination of lease contracts                                              19             —
          Gains on disposal of investments in associates                                             —          12,579
          Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                                         (122)            —
          Others                                                                                  6,735          6,481

                                                                                                178,104         28,549

         Note: This mainly represented investment return derived from the Group’s investments in certain financial
                products and a close-ended fund during the year, which were classified as financial assets at FVPL.




116      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



8. Expenses by nature

   Expenses included in cost of services, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses
   and net impairment losses on financial assets are analysed as follows:


                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

    Employee benefit expenses (Note 9)                                       4,041,604            2,433,798
    Cleaning expenses                                                        1,356,233              458,285
    Heat supply costs                                                          845,500                   —
    Maintenance expenses                                                       380,443              199,989
    Utilities                                                                  309,578              157,583
    Greening and gardening expenses                                            153,595               77,547
    Security expenses                                                          148,505               18,562
    Depreciation and amortisation charges                                      148,929               32,946
    Office and communication expenses                                           90,806               68,709
    Transportation expenses                                                     84,572               57,897
    Travelling and entertainment expenses                                       80,187               52,803
    Taxes and surcharges                                                        46,517               25,975
    Professional service fees                                                   34,497                9,212
    Net impairment losses on financial assets                                   30,741               13,392
    Community activities expenses                                               24,803               15,234
    Employee uniform expenses                                                   12,529                7,317
    Bank charges                                                                11,737               15,606
    Listing expenses excluding audit fees                                           —                 8,164
    Impairment of intangible assets                                                 —                 5,431
    Auditor’s remuneration
      — Audit services in relation to the listing                                   —                 3,400
      — Annual audit and interim review services                                 4,800                4,100
      — Non-audit services                                                       1,650                  620
    Other expenses                                                              90,585               46,861

    Total                                                                    7,897,811            3,713,431


9. Employee benefit expenses

                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

    Wages, salaries and bonuses                                              3,425,100           2,005,035
    Pension costs                                                              249,537             164,227
    Housing funds, medical insurances and other social security costs          182,655             122,153
    Other benefits                                                             169,941             121,846
    Employee share schemes — value of employee services (Note 26)               14,371              20,537

                                                                             4,041,604           2,433,798



                                                                                     Annual Report 2019         117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      9. Employee benefit expenses (Continued)

         (a)   Five highest paid individuals

               The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group included 1 director for the year
               ended 31 December 2019 (2018: 2 directors), whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in
               note 35. The emoluments payable to the remaining 4 individuals (2018: 3 individuals) are as follows:


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2019             2018
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

                Wages, salaries and bonuses                                           10,160                6,700
                Pension and other social security costs                                  127                   98
                Employee share schemes — value of employee services                    5,214                5,559

                                                                                      15,501              12,357


               The emoluments fell within the following bands:


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2019             2018

                Emolument bands (in HKD)
                3,500,000–4,000,000                                                        1                   —
                4,000,000–4,500,000                                                        2                   1
                4,500,000–5,000,000                                                        1                   1
                5,000,000–5,500,000                                                        —                   1

                                                                                            4                   3


      10. Finance income — net

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2019             2018
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

          Finance income:
          Interest income on bank deposits                                            94,253              53,845

          Finance cost:
          Interest expense on lease liabilities                                        (2,353)                 —

          Finance income — net                                                        91,900              53,845




118      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. Income tax expense

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2019             2018
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000

    Current income tax — PRC
     — Provision of current income tax                                              335,335              169,631
     — Withholding income tax on profits distributed                                     —                 11,600
     — Overprovision in previous years                                                   —                (58,309)

                                                                                    335,335              122,922

    Deferred income tax
     — Corporate income tax                                                         (13,762)               (1,788)
     — Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future                 36,148               14,043

                                                                                     22,386               12,255

                                                                                    357,721              135,177


   (a)    Cayman Island income tax

          The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability
          under the Companies Law of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands
          income tax.

   (b)    Hong Kong profits tax

          No provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made as the Group did not have any assessable income
          subject to Hong Kong profits tax during the year.

   (c)    PRC corporate income tax

          Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in Mainland China has been calculated at the
          applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the year, based on the existing legislation,
          interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

          The general corporate income tax rate in PRC is 25%. Country Garden Intellectual Services Group Co.,
          Ltd. was qualified as “High and New Technology Enterprise” from 2017 to 2019 and was entitled to a
          preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% in 2019 (2018: 15%). Certain subsidiaries of the Group in
          the PRC are either located in western cities or qualified as Small and Micro Enterprises and subject to a
          preferential income tax rate of 15% or 10% in certain years.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2019          119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      11. Income tax expense (Continued)

         (d)   PRC withholding tax

               According to the applicable PRC tax regulations, dividends distributed by a company established in the
               PRC to a foreign investor with respect to profits derived after 1 January 2008 are generally subject to a
               10% withholding income tax. If a foreign investor incorporated in Hong Kong meets the conditions and
               requirements under the double taxation treaty arrangement entered into between the PRC and Hong
               Kong, the relevant withholding tax rate will be reduced from 10% to 5%.

         (e)   The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise
               using the applicable corporate income tax rate of 25%. The difference is analysed as follows:


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

                Profit before income tax                                               2,076,112            1,069,387
                Add: Share of results of joint ventures                                   (6,844)               (6,211)
                    Share of results of associates                                          (984)                2,818

                                                                                       2,068,284            1,065,994

                Tax calculated at applicable corporate income tax rate
                  of 25% (2018: 25%)                                                     517,071              266,499
                Effects of different tax rates applicable to different
                  subsidiaries of the Group                                             (202,294)            (106,392)
                Income not subject to tax                                                 (1,920)                (2,534)
                Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                              7,182                  4,804
                Unrecognised tax losses                                                    1,534                  4,516
                Effects of tax rate change on deferred tax                                    —                     950
                Withholding income tax on profits distributed                                 —                 11,600
                Overprovision in previous years                                               —                (58,309)

                                                                                         321,573              121,134
                Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future             36,148               14,043

                                                                                         357,721              135,177




120      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



12. Earnings per share

   (a)    Basic

          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of the Company
          by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2019             2018

           Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                1,670,664               923,154
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (thousands shares)                                                      2,663,090             2,500,000

           Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                           62.73                 36.93


   (b)    Diluted

          Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
          outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company has dilutive potential
          ordinary shares arising from the pre-listing share option scheme, details of which are set out in Note 26.
          For the pre-listing share option scheme, the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the
          exercise of the share options less the number of shares that could have been issued at fair value (determined
          as the average market price per share) for the same total proceeds is the number of shares issued for
          no consideration. The resulting number of shares issued for no consideration is included in the weighted
          average number of ordinary shares as the denominator for calculating diluted earnings per share.

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2019             2018

           Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                1,670,664               923,154
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (thousands shares)                                                      2,663,090             2,500,000
           Adjustments — pre-listing share option schemes (thousands)                   46,039                26,870

           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted
            earnings per share (thousands Shares)                                    2,709,129             2,526,870

           Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents)                                         61.67                 36.53


13. Dividends
   The final dividend in respect of 2018 of RMB8.49 cents (equivalent to HKD9.66 cents) per share, totalling
   RMB226,309,000, has been approved at the Annual General Meeting on 20 May 2019 and paid in cash in
   July 2019.

   The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a 2019 final dividend of RMB15.14 cents per share,
   totalling RMB417,670,000, which has taken into account the expected exercise of share options as of
   the record date for the eligible shareholders. Such dividend is to be approved by the shareholders at the
   forthcoming Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.



                                                                                              Annual Report 2019           121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      14. Property, plant and equipment

                                                      Transportation Electronic   Office                   Leasehold
                                        Machinery         equipment equipment equipment       Buildings improvements      Total
                                         RMB’000           RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000

          At 1 January 2018
          Cost                             34,411            61,717      46,136    15,205           —             —      157,469
          Accumulated depreciation          (5,275)         (38,564)    (26,171)    (8,884)         —             —       (78,894)

          Net book amount                  29,136            23,153     19,965      6,321           —             —       78,575

          Year ended
            31 December 2018
          Opening net book amount          29,136            23,153     19,965       6,321          —             —       78,575
          Acquisition of subsidiaries          797             1,821      2,642      1,058          —             —         6,318
          Other additions                  25,617            11,861     19,644       4,865          —          7,574      69,561
          Disposal                            (664)           (1,533)    (4,804)    (1,171)         —             —        (8,172)
          Depreciation                      (5,621)         (12,058)     (4,721)    (3,327)         —         (1,720)    (27,447)

          Closing net book amount          49,265            23,244     32,726      7,746           —          5,854     118,835

          At 31 December 2018
          Cost                              59,801           66,305      60,345     19,310          —          7,574     213,335
          Accumulated depreciation         (10,536)         (43,061)    (27,619)   (11,564)         —         (1,720)     (94,500)

          Net book amount                  49,265            23,244     32,726      7,746           —          5,854     118,835

          Year ended
            31 December 2019
          Opening net book amount          49,265            23,244     32,726      7,746           —          5,854     118,835
          Acquisition of subsidiaries
            (Note 32)                         737             3,060      1,432        812       19,499         1,879      27,419
          Capital injection from
            non-controlling interest       57,497           103,132      20,024         —        2,029            —      182,682
          Other additions                  35,402             4,011      19,976     16,970          —          4,323      80,682
          Disposal of a subsidiary             —               (411)       (123)       (43)         —             —         (577)
          Other disposal                     (728)             (653)       (892)      (501)         —             —       (2,774)
          Depreciation                    (18,299)          (31,846)    (24,879)   (16,244)       (471)       (2,655)    (94,394)

          Closing net book amount         123,874           100,537     48,264      8,740       21,057         9,401     311,873
                                                                                                                              —
          At 31 December 2019                                                                                                 —
          Cost                            151,415           169,404      96,205     34,609      21,528        13,145     486,306
          Accumulated depreciation        (27,541)          (68,867)    (47,941)   (25,869)       (471)       (3,744)   (174,433)

          Net book amount                 123,874           100,537     48,264      8,740       21,057         9,401     311,873




122     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

   The balance of leasehold improvements as at 31 December 2018, included in ‘Other non-current assets’, was
   reclassified to ‘Property, plant and equipment’ to conform to current year’s presentation.

   Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of
   comprehensive income:


                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2019             2018
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

    Cost of services                                                                81,752             21,382
    General and administrative expenses                                             12,642              6,065

                                                                                    94,394             27,447


15. Leases

   This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

   (a)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet

          The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

          Right-of-use assets


                                                                Transportation
                                                   Buildings        equipment         Machinery        Total
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000

           At 31 December 2018                            —                   —               —               —
           Effect of adoption of HKFRS 16
             (Note 2.1.1(c))                           7,322                183               —         7,505

           At 1 January 2019                           7,322                 183              —          7,505
           Additions                                  17,319                 267             345        17,931
           Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 32)      15,281                  37              —         15,318
           Early termination of lease contracts       (1,818)                 —               —         (1,818)
           Depreciation                               (9,762)               (296)            (88)      (10,146)

           Closing net book amount                    28,342                191              257       28,790

           At 31 December 2019
           Cost                                       36,708                 487             345       37,540
           Accumulated depreciation                   (8,366)               (296)            (88)      (8,750)

           Net book amount                            28,342                191              257       28,790




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019       123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      15. Leases (Continued)
          (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet (Continued)

                Lease liabilities


                                                                               31 December                1 January
                                                                                      2019                    2019
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000

                 Lease liabilities
                 Current                                                               11,005                 1,885
                 Non-current                                                           19,418                 5,620

                                                                                       30,423                 7,505


          (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

                The consolidated statement of comprehensive income shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                            2019
                                                                                                         RMB’000

                 Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
                 Buildings                                                                                    9,762
                 Transportation equipment                                                                       296
                 Machinery                                                                                       88

                                                                                                            10,146

                 Interest expense (included in ‘Finance costs’)                                               2,353
                 Expense relating to short-term leases (included in ‘Cost of services’
                    and ‘General and administrative expenses’)                                              25,899
                 Expense relating to leases of low-value assets that are not shown above as
                    short-term leases (included in ‘General and administrative expenses’)                     8,170


                The total cash outflow for leases in the year ended 31 December 2019 was RMB45,204,000.

          (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for

                The Group leases various buildings, transportation equipment and machinery. Rental contracts are
                typically made for fixed periods of 1 to 6 years without extension options.

                Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
                conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the
                leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
                purposes.




124      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



16. Intangible assets

                                                Property
                                           management
                                               contracts
                                           and customer
                                  Software relationships     Goodwill          Total
                                  RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                      (i)     (ii) & (iii)

    At 1 January 2018
    Cost                              9,203       11,980          2,570        23,753
    Accumulated amortisation         (2,340)        (555)            —          (2,895)

    Net book amount                  6,863        11,425          2,570        20,858

    Year ended 31 December 2018
    Opening net book amount           6,863       11,425          2,570        20,858
    Acquisition of subsidiaries           3      154,689       505,362        660,054
    Other additions                 16,325             —             —         16,325
    Amortisation                     (2,049)       (3,450)           —          (5,499)
    Impairment                           —         (2,861)       (2,570)        (5,431)

    Closing net book amount         21,142       159,803       505,362        686,307

    At 31 December 2018
    Cost                            25,531       166,669       507,932        700,132
    Accumulated amortisation         (4,389)       (4,005)           —          (8,394)
    Accumulated impairment               —         (2,861)       (2,570)        (5,431)

    Net book amount                 21,142       159,803       505,362        686,307

    Year ended 31 December 2019
    Opening net book amount         21,142       159,803       505,362        686,307
    Acquisition of subsidiaries
      (Note 32)                      1,153       222,749       711,973        935,875
    Other additions                 26,060            —             —          26,060
    Amortisation                    (3,403)      (40,986)           —         (44,389)

    Closing net book amount         44,952       341,566     1,217,335       1,603,853

    At 31 December 2019
    Cost                            52,744       389,418     1,219,905       1,662,067
    Accumulated amortisation        (7,792)      (44,991)           —          (52,783)
    Accumulated impairment              —         (2,861)       (2,570)         (5,431)

    Net book amount                 44,952       341,566     1,217,335       1,603,853




                                                                Annual Report 2019        125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      16. Intangible assets (Continued)

          Amortisation of intangible assets were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of
          comprehensive income:


                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2019             2018
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

            Cost of services                                                                40,986                  3,450
            General and administrative expenses                                              3,403                  2,049

                                                                                            44,389                  5,499


          (i)    Property management contracts and customer relationships

                 During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired several companies (Note 32). Total
                 identifiable net assets of these companies as at their respective acquisition dates amounted to
                 approximately RMB310,038,000, including identified property management contracts and customer
                 relationships of RMB222,749,000 recognised by the Group. The excess of the consideration transferred
                 and the amount of the non-controlling interests in the acquires over the fair value of the identifiable net
                 assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.

                 A valuation was performed by an independent valuer to determine the fair value of the identified property
                 management contracts and customer relationships. The valuation method used is the multi-period
                 excess earnings method. The key assumptions in determining the fair value of property management
                 contracts and customer relationships are disclosed as follows:

                 Gross profit margin                                                                         15.0%–19.8%
                 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation margin
                   (“EBITDA margin”)                                                                          5.1%–14.4%
                 Post-tax discount rate                                                                      14.0%–15.6%
                 Expected useful lives                                                                            6 years

          (ii)   Impairment tests for goodwill arising from business combinations in prior year

                 Goodwill of RMB505,362,000 has been allocated to the CGUs of the subsidiaries acquired in prior
                 years for impairment testing. Management performed an impairment assessment on the goodwill as at
                 31 December 2019. The recoverable amounts of these subsidiaries are determined based on value-in-
                 use calculation. The following table sets forth each key assumption on which management has based its
                 cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

                 Revenue growth rate during the forecast period                                                1.5%–5.0%
                 Gross profit margin during the forecast period                                              27.9%–41.5%
                 EBITDA margin during the forecast period                                                    15.8%–26.5%
                 Terminal growth rate                                                                               3.0%
                 Pre-tax discount rate                                                                       15.6%–18.5%

                 Based on management’s assessment on the recoverable amounts of the subsidiaries acquired in prior
                 year, no impairment provision was considered necessary to provide as at 31 December 2019.




126      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



16. Intangible assets (Continued)

    (ii)    Impairment tests for goodwill arising from business combinations in prior year (continued)

            The recoverable amount of these CGUs would equal its carrying amount if the key assumptions were to
            change as follows:

                                                                                          2019
                                                                                  From                        To

            Revenue growth rate during the forecast period                 1.5%–5.0%                  nil–4.7%
            Gross profit margin during the forecast period               27.9%–41.5%              22.6%–37.9%
            EBITDA margin during the forecast period                     15.8%–26.5%               3.8%–22.9%
            Terminal growth rate                                                3.0%                  nil–2.4%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                        15.6%–18.5%              17.3%–78.3%


    (iii)   Impairment tests for goodwill arising from business combinations in current year

            Goodwill of RMB711,973,000 has been allocated to the CGUs of the subsidiaries acquired during the
            year for impairment testing. Management performed an impairment assessment on the goodwill prior
            to the year end. The recoverable amounts of these subsidiaries are determined based on value-in-use
            calculation.

            The following table sets forth each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow
            projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

            Revenue growth rate during the forecast period                                         3.0%–15.0%
            Gross profit margin during the forecast period                                        15.0%–20.2%
            EBITDA margin during the forecast period                                               7.6%–14.4%
            Terminal growth rate                                                                         3.0%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                                                 14.2%–24.5%

            Based on management’s assessment on the recoverable amounts of the subsidiaries acquired during
            the year, no impairment provision was considered necessary to provide as at 31 December 2019.

            The recoverable amount of these CGUs would equal its carrying amount if the key assumptions were to
            change as follows:

                                                                                          2019
                                                                                  From                        To

            Revenue growth rate during the forecast period                3.0%–15.0%               2.5%–14.4%
            Gross profit margin during the forecast period               15.0%–20.2%              15.0%–20.2%
            EBITDA margin during the forecast period                      7.6%–14.4%               7.6%–14.0%
            Terminal growth rate                                                3.0%                2.1%–3.0%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                        14.2%–24.5%              14.2%–25.3%




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019        127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      17. Subsidiaries

         The following is a list of principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2019, all of these are limited liability companies:

                                                                                                          Proportion
                                                                    Nominal value                         of ordinary
                                                                     of issued and      Proportion of    shares held
                                                                   fully paid share    equity interest        by non-
                                                 Date of            capital/paid-in       held by the     controlling   Principal
          Name                                   incorporation               capital            Group       interests   activities

          Directly held by the
             Company:
          Incorporated in the BVI and
            operates in Mainland China:
          United Gain                            28 March 2006             USD200               100%              —     Investment
          (集裕集團)                                                                                                        holding
          Ornate Forest                          7 July 2017                 USD0               100%              —     Investment
          (繁森有限公司)                                                                                                      holding
          Sino Estate Holdings                   6 November 2003           HKD780               100%              —     Investment
             Limited                                                                                                    holding

          Indirectly held by the
            Company:
          Incorporated in Hong Kong and
            operates in Hong Kong:
          Country Garden Property Services 5 February 2018                   HKD1               100%              —     Investment
            HK Holdings Company Limited                                                                                 holding
          (碧桂園物業香港控股 有限公司)


          Established and operates in
            Mainland China:
          Country Garden Intellectual Property   19 April 2004     RMB360,000,000               100%              —     Property
            Services Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                    management
          (碧桂園智慧物業服務集團                                                                                                  and related
            股份有限公司)                                                                                                     services
          Country Garden Jinyang Property        15 December       RMB19,390,000                 51%            49%     Property
            Services Company Limited             1998                                                                   management
          (碧桂園金陽物業服務有限公司)                                                                                               and related
                                                                                                                        services
          Beijing Shengshi Property Services 24 April 1999          RMB7,000,000                100%              —     Property
            Company Limited (“Shengshi”)                                                                                management
          (北京盛世物業服務有限公 司)                                                                                               and related
                                                                                                                        services
          Nanchang Jiejiang Property             18 February 1993 RMB10,000,000                 100%              —     Property
            Services Company Limited                                                                                    management
          (南昌市潔佳物業有限公司)                                                                                                 and related
                                                                                                                        services
          Shanghai Ruijing Industrial Company 15 January 2018      RMB26,620,000                100%              —     Property
            Limited                                                                                                     management
          (上海睿靖實業有限公司)                                                                                                  and related
                                                                                                                        services




128      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17. Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                                 Proportion
                                                           Nominal value                         of ordinary
                                                            of issued and      Proportion of    shares held
                                                          fully paid share    equity interest        by non-
                                        Date of            capital/paid-in       held by the     controlling   Principal
     Name                               incorporation               capital            Group       interests   activities

     Hainan Sailai Borui Property 12 April 2012            RMB5,000,000                100%              —     Property
       Services Company Limited                                                                                management
     (海南賽萊柏瑞物業服務有限公司)                                                                                          and related
                                                                                                               services
     Guangdong Country Garden           9 January 2017     RMB5,100,000                100%              —     Property
       Huimin Property Services                                                                                management
       Company Limited (“Huimin”)                                                                              and related
     (廣東碧桂園惠民物業服務                                                                                              services
        有限公司)
     Xingong Xiamen Property            30 April 2003      RMB9,132,300                100%              —     Property
       Management Services Company                                                                             management
       Limited                                                                                                 and related
     (新工（廈門）物業管理服務                                                                                             services
        有限公司)
     Suzhou Industry Garden Zone        14 December        RMB5,000,000                100%              —     Property
       Xin Gong Chan Ye Management      2001                                                                   management
       Services Company Limited                                                                                and related
     (蘇州工業園區新工產業                                                                                               services
        管理服務有限公司)
     Fenghuanghui Information           18 January 2018   RMB30,580,000                 64%            36%     E-commerce
       technology Company Limited
     (鳳凰匯資訊科技有限公司)
     Guangdong Country Garden           18 January 2004    RMB5,000,000                100%              —     Property
       Yuanhai Property Services                                                                               management
       Company Limited                                                                                         and related
     (廣東碧桂園元海物業服務                                                                                              services
        有限公司)
     Shanghai Lianyuan Property         20 November       RMB10,000,000                100%              —     Property
       Development Company Limited      1995                                                                   Intermediary
     (上海聯源物業發展有限公司)                                                                                            services
     Inner Mongolia Renhe Services      18 November       RMB14,008,340                 70%            30%     Property
       Company Limited                  1999                                                                   management
     (內蒙古仁和服務有限責任公司)                                                                                           and related
                                                                                                               services
     Suzhou Wuyuan Property             22 March 2007     RMB50,000,000                 70%            30%     Property
       Management Company Limited                                                                              management
     (蘇州物源物業管理有限公司)                                                                                            and related
                                                                                                               services
     Zhejiang Jiakaicheng Real Estate   24 January 2002   RMB50,000,000                100%              —     Property
       Management Company Limited                                                                              management
     (嘉凱城集團物業服務有                                                                                               and related
       限公司) (“Calxon”)                                                                                         services
     Shanghai Mingjun Property          31 May 1996        RMB5,150,000                100%              —     Property
       Management Company Limited                                                                              management
     (上海明君物業管理有限公司)                                                                                            and related
                                                                                                               services



                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019          129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      17. Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                                     Proportion
                                                               Nominal value                         of ordinary
                                                                of issued and      Proportion of    shares held
                                                              fully paid share    equity interest        by non-
                                            Date of            capital/paid-in       held by the     controlling   Principal
           Name                             incorporation               capital            Group       interests   activities

           GANGLIAN PROPERTY                5 August 1999     RMB60,000,000                100%              —     Property
             GUANGZHOU                                                                                             management
           (港聯不動產服務（中國）股份                                                                                          and related
             有限公司) (“Asia Asset”)                                                                                  services
           Baoshihua Home Investment        12 September      RMB400,000,000                80%            20%     Investment
             Management Company Limited     2018                                                                   holding
           (寶石花家園投資管理有限公司)
           Baoshihua Property Management    26 October 2018 RMB295,639,561                  51%            49%     Property
             Company Limited                                                                                       management
           (寶石花物業管理有限公司)                                                                                           and related
                                                                                                                   services
           Baoshihua Tong Fang              27 December       RMB92,500,000                 80%            20%     Property
             Energy Technology              2018                                                                   management,
             Company Limited                                                                                       heat supply
           (寶石花同方能源科技有限公司)                                                                                         and related
                                                                                                                   services
           Baoshihua Heat Company Limited   7 January 2019    RMB150,000,000                65%            35%     Heat supply
           (寶石花熱力有限公司)                                                                                             services

           Daqing Baoshihua Heat Company    18 January 2019   RMB25,000,000                100%              —     Heat supply
             Limited                                                                                               services
           (大慶寶石花熱力有限公司)

          The English names of the subsidiaries represent the best efforts made by the management of the Group in
          translating their Chinese names as they do not have official English names.

          The directors of the Company consider that none of the non-controlling interests of the individual subsidiaries
          was significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of these subsidiaries were not
          disclosed.


      18. Investments in joint ventures

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2019             2018
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

           At 1 January                                                                        27,025                   13,834
           Additions                                                                           39,929                    6,000
           Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 32)                                                  224                      980
           Share of results                                                                     6,844                    6,211
           Dividends received                                                                    (500)                      —

           At 31 December                                                                      73,522                   27,025



130      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. Investments in joint ventures (Continued)
   Set out below are the particulars of the principal joint ventures as at 31 December 2019:

                                                            Place of                                                Proportion of
                                                            incorporation               Principal                   equity interest
                                                            and operation               activities                  held by the Group

   Huahui Jinfu Information Technology (Beijing)
      Company Limited
      華 惠 金 服 信 息 科 技（北 京）有 限 公 司                                                       Community
      (“Huahui Jinfu”) (i)                       Beijing, PRC                           financial services          30%
   Hubei Qingneng Country Garden Property
      Services Company Limited                                                          Property
      湖北清能碧桂園物業服務有限公司                            Wuhan, PRC                             management                  50%
   Chongqing Rongbi Property Services
      Company Limited                                                                   Property
      重慶融碧物業服務有限公司                               Chongqing, PRC                         management                  50%
   Jiangxi Shengyu Property Services
      Company Limited
      江西盛裕物業管理有限公司                                                                      Property
      (“Jiangxi Shengyu”) (i)                    Nanchang, PRC                          management                  49%

   *	The English names of the joint ventures represent the best efforts made by the management of the Group in translating their Chinese
      names as they do not have official English names.

   (i)       According to the Articles of Huahui Jinfu and Jiangxi Shengyu, all significant and relevant matters of the entity require unanimous
             consent by all shareholders, Huahui Jinfu and Jiangxi Shengyu are therefore accounted for as joint ventures of the Group.


   The directors of the Company consider that none of the joint ventures as at 31 December 2019 was
   significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of the joint ventures was not disclosed.

   As at 31 December 2019, there were no significant contingent liabilities and commitments relating to the
   Group’s interests in the joint ventures.

   The summarised financial information of individually immaterial joint ventures on an aggregate basis is as
   follows:


                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2019             2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

         Carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements                                       73,522                      27,025
         Share of results                                                                                 6,844                       6,211
         Share of total comprehensive income                                                              6,844                       6,211




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2019                131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      19. Financial instruments by category
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

          Financial assets at amortised cost:
          Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments and
            tax recoverable                                                     1,941,178            750,005
          Cash and cash equivalents                                             6,914,148          3,868,921
          Restricted bank deposits                                                 11,861              5,366
                                                                                8,867,187          4,624,292
          Financial assets at FVPL
          Wealth management products                                            1,000,052                  —
          Investment in a close-ended fund                                        280,630                  —
                                                                                1,280,682                  —
          Financial assets at FVOCI                                                 9,950             15,558
                                                                              10,157,819           4,639,850

          Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
          Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities          3,493,045          1,422,680
          Lease liabilities                                                        30,423                 —
                                                                                3,523,468          1,422,680


      20. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

          Trade receivables (a)
            — Related parties (Note 33)                                           115,237             66,844
            — Third parties                                                     1,516,618            533,806
                                                                                1,631,855            600,650
          Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables                     (57,868)            (33,166)
                                                                                1,573,987            567,484
          Other receivables
            — Payments on behalf of property owners                              153,197             105,845
            — Deposits                                                            65,647              33,786
            — Tax recoverable                                                         —                7,988
            — Others                                                             158,419              47,866
                                                                                 377,263             195,485
          Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables                    (10,072)              (4,976)
                                                                                 367,191             190,509
          Prepayments to suppliers                                                 56,670             25,164
          Prepayments for tax                                                       5,922              4,902
                                                                                2,003,770            788,059

         As at 31 December 2019, most of the trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB, and the fair
         value of trade and other receivables approximated their carrying amounts.



132      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



20. Trade and other receivables (continued)
   (a)     Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services income under lump sum basis,
           value-added services to non-property owners and heat supply services.

           Property management services income under lump sum basis and heat supply services income are
           received in accordance with the term of the relevant service agreements. Service income from property
           management services and heat supply services are due for payment by the residents upon the issuance
           of demand note.

           For value-added services to non-property owners, customers are generally given a credit term of up to
           60 days.

           The aging analysis of the gross trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2019             2018
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

            0–180 days                                                            1,333,903              376,969
            181–365 days                                                             97,389               75,563
            1 to 2 years                                                            113,267               82,430
            2 to 3 years                                                             46,661               38,305
            Over 3 years                                                             40,635               27,383

                                                                                  1,631,855              600,650

           The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by
           HKFRS 9. As at 31 December 2019, a provision of RMB57,868,000 (2018: RMB33,166,000) was made
           against the gross amounts of trade receivables (Note 3.1).


21. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2019           2018
                                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000

     Wealth management products (i)                                                   1,000,052                —
     Investment in a close-ended fund (ii)                                              280,630                —

                                                                                      1,280,682                —

   (i)     The Group invested in various wealth management products. These products have a term of
           12 months. They have an expected return rate ranging from 8.6% to 10.0%. The fair values of these
           investments were determined based on the expected return as stipulated in relevant contracts with the
           counterparties. The significant unobservable input for the fair value measurement is the expected annual
           return rate. The higher the expected annual return rate, the higher the fair value.

   (ii)    This represented the Group’s investment in a close-ended fund. The fair value of this investment was
           determined based on the valuation report provided by the fund manager.



                                                                                          Annual Report 2019          133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      22. Cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2019           2018
                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

          Cash at banks                                                              6,926,009        3,874,287
          Less: Restricted bank deposits (b)                                           (11,861)           (5,366)

          Cash and cash equivalents                                                  6,914,148        3,868,921


         As at 31 December 2019, cash and cash equivalents did not include housing maintenance funds of
         RMB2,643,000 (2018: RMB4,476,000) which were owned by the property owners but were deposited in the
         bank accounts in the name of the Group. Such deposits can be used by the Group for the purpose of public
         maintenance expenditures upon the approval from the relevant government authorities.

         (a)   Cash at banks were denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2019           2018
                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

                RMB                                                                  5,822,749        3,867,602
                HKD                                                                  1,082,229              833
                Other currencies                                                        21,031            5,852

                                                                                     6,926,009        3,874,287


         (b)   Restricted bank deposits mainly represents the cash deposits in bank as performance security for
               property management services according to the requirements of local government authorities.




134     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. Share capital and share premium

                                                                                    Equivalent
                                                                       Nominal        nominal
                                                        Number of      value of       value of       Share
                                              Note         shares       shares         shares     premium       Total
                                              Note                                   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

    Authorised
    Upon incorporation at 24 January 2018,
      HKD0.10 per share                                   3,800,000     380,000
    Cancellation of ordinary shares of
      HKD0.10 each                                       (3,800,000)    (380,000)
    Increase in authorised share capital of
      USD0.0001 each                                 10,000,000,000    1,000,000

    At 31 December 2018 and
      31 December 2019                               10,000,000,000    1,000,000

    Issued and fully paid
    At 1 January 2018                                            —            —             —            —            —
    At 6 March 2018, issue of shares
      at HKD0.10 each                                             2           —             —            —            —
    At 13 March 2018, issue of shares
      at HKD0.10 each                                           76             8            —            —            —
    At 13 March 2018, repurchase of shares
      at HKD0.10 each                                           (78)          (8)           —            —            —
    At 13 March 2018, issue of shares
      at USD0.0001 each                                     10,000             1            —            —            —
    At 13 March 2018, issue of shares
      at USD0.0001 each                               2,499,990,000     249,999          1,584           —       1,584

    At 31 December 2018                               2,500,000,000     250,000          1,584           —       1,584

    At 1 January 2019                                 2,500,000,000     250,000          1,584           —        1,584
    Issue of shares on 11 January 2019         (a)      168,761,000      16,876            114    1,679,321   1,679,435
    Exercise of options                        (b)       42,132,800       4,213             30       75,869      75,899

    At 31 December 2019                               2,710,893,800     271,089          1,728    1,755,190   1,756,918

   (a)    On 11 January 2019, the Company entered into a placing and subscription agreement with Concrete
          Win Limited, a company wholly-owned by the ultimate controlling shareholder, and a placing agent (the
          “Agreement”). Pursuant to the Agreement, the placing agent conditionally agreed to place, on a fully
          underwritten basis, 168,761,000 existing shares at the placing price of HKD11.61 per share; Concrete
          Win Limited conditionally agreed to subscribe at the placing price for the same number of new shares
          as the placing shares that have been placed by the placing agent. On 24 January 2019, the Company
          issued 168,761,000 shares at a subscription price of HKD11.61 per share and raised net proceeds of
          approximately HKD1,943,098,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,679,435,000).

   (b)    On 14 November 2019, the Company issued 14,155,600 and 27,977,200 shares pursuant to the
          exercise of share options by directors and other eligible participants, respectively, which were granted
          under the pre-listing share option scheme adopted by the Company in 2018, and raised net proceeds
          of approximately HKD39,605,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB35,449,000) in total; in addition,
          the related share-based payments reserve of RMB40,450,000 was transferred to the share premium
          account as a result of the above exercise of the options.

                                                                                                 Annual Report 2019       135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      24. Other reserves

                                                                 Currency            Share-
                                                     Statutory translation           based
                                                     Reserves     reserve         payments         Others         Total
                                                     RMB’000(a)  RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

          At 1 January 2018                             106,685            —              —        393,457       500,142
          Effect of the Reorganisation                       —             —              —               (2)           (2)
          Acquisition of non-controlling interests           —             —              —         (11,759)      (11,759)
          Employee share schemes — value of
            employee services                                —             —         47,918        (27,381)       20,537
          Appropriation to statutory reserves            92,085            —             —              —         92,085

          At 31 December 2018                           198,770            —         47,918        354,315       601,003

          At 1 January 2019                             198,770            —          47,918       354,315       601,003
          Other comprehensive income                         —            327             —             —            327
          Transactions with non-controlling
            interests (Note 31)                              —             —              —         (61,568)     (61,568)
          Employee share schemes
            — value of employee services
             (Note 26)                                       —             —          29,351        (14,980)      14,371
            — exercise of options (Note 23)                  —             —         (40,450)            —       (40,450)
          Appropriation to statutory reserves            17,898            —              —              —        17,898

          At 31 December 2019                           216,668           327         36,819       277,767       531,581


         (a)   Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations governing foreign investment enterprise established in
               the PRC and the articles of association of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group, the subsidiaries are
               required to transfer certain portion of their profit after taxation to the statutory reserve fund, until the
               accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.


      25. Retained earnings

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2019          2018
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

          At 1 January                                                                        1,658,200          921,031
          Profit for the year                                                                 1,670,664          923,154
          Transfer to statutory reserves (Note 24(a))                                           (17,898)          (92,085)
          Dividends (Note 13)                                                                  (226,309)          (93,900)

          At 31 December                                                                      3,084,657         1,658,200




136      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. Share-based payments

   In May 2018, the Company granted share options under the pre-listing share option scheme under which the
   option holders are entitled to acquire an aggregate of 132,948,000 shares of the Company. Pursuant to the
   terms of pre-listing share option scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

   The options granted to the grantees will be vested based on the following rates on the date of the audit report
   of the Group for the relevant financial year, provided that the vesting conditions above are satisfied in the
   relevant financial year: (i) 40% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial year the
   Group successfully listing (“Listing Year”); (ii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in
   the financial year immediately following the Listing Year; and (iii) 30% of the total number of the share options
   will be vested in the second financial year after the Listing Year. If the vesting conditions above have not been
   fulfilled during the relevant financial year, the corresponding percentage of the share options granted will lapse.

   All the options under the pre-listing share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the
   expiry of 5 years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD0.94 per share.

   Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:


                                                          2019                                  2018
                                                   Average                               Average
                                             exercise price    Number of           exercise price       Number of
                                                    in HKD share options                  in HKD     share options

    As at 1 January                                     0.94       132,948,000                   —                 —
    Granted                                               —                 —                  0.94       132,948,000
    Exercised                                           0.94       (42,132,800)                  —                 —

    As at 31 December                                   0.94        90,815,200                 0.94       132,948,000

    Vested and exercisable
      at 31 December                                    0.94         7,778,400                   —                  —


                                                                                                          Share options
                                                                                                            outstanding
    Grant date                                                 Expiry date    Exercise price          31 December 2019

    21 May 2018                                            20 May 2023            HKD0.94                  90,815,200


   The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the year is approximately
   3.4 years.

   The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

   The Group has to estimate the expected percentage of grantees that will stay within the Group (the “Expected
   Retention Rate”) of the shares option scheme in order to determine the amount of share-based compensation
   expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31 December 2019, the Expected Retention Rate was assessed to
   be 100% (2018: 100%).




                                                                                               Annual Report 2019         137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      27. Trade and other payables

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2019             2018
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

          Trade payables (a)
            — Related parties (Note 33)                                                 14,240              8,782
            — Third parties                                                          1,465,991            341,893

                                                                                     1,480,231            350,675

          Other payables
            — Deposits                                                                 608,731            382,652
            — Temporary receipts from properties owners                                804,851            460,159
            — Outstanding considerations payable for
             business combinations                                                     293,177            132,569
            — Accruals and others                                                      306,055             96,625

                                                                                     2,012,814          1,072,005

          Payroll payables                                                           1,038,683            553,354
          Other taxes payables                                                         158,305             84,142

                                                                                     4,690,033          2,060,176


         As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated their fair values.

         (a)   The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2019             2018
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

                Up to 1 year                                                         1,445,228            328,465
                1 to 2 years                                                            22,410             13,779
                2 to 3 years                                                             6,053              3,121
                Over 3 years                                                             6,540              5,310

                                                                                     1,480,231            350,675




138     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



28. Deferred income tax

   The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities was as follows:


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

    Deferred income tax assets:
      — to be recovered within 12 months                                                 11,211               864
      — to be recovered over 12 months                                                    6,341             6,010

    Total deferred tax assets                                                            17,552              6,874
    Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                   (6,614)            (3,511)

    Net deferred tax assets                                                              10,938             3,363

    Deferred income tax liabilities:
      — to be recovered within 12 months                                                 78,510            26,790
      — to be recovered over 12 months                                                   71,183            41,765

    Total deferred tax liabilities                                                      149,693            68,555
    Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                        (6,614)            (3,511)

    Net deferred tax liabilities                                                        143,079            65,044


   The movement in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
   the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, was as follows:

   Deferred income tax assets:


                                                Allowance for
                                                impairment of
                                                   receivables           Tax losses        Others          Total
                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

    At 1 January 2018                                     6,544               1,224                —        7,768
    Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                    330              (1,224)               —         (894)

    At 31 December 2018                                   6,874                  —                 —        6,874

    At 1 January 2019                                     6,874                  —                 —        6,874
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 32)                    —                3,302                72       3,374
    Disposal of a subsidiary                                (16)                 —                 —          (16)
    Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                  8,948              (1,929)              301       7,320

    At 31 December 2019                                  15,806               1,373               373      17,552




                                                                                             Annual Report 2019       139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      28. Deferred income tax (Continued)

         Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that the realisation of
         the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable. For the years ended 31 December 2019, the
         Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB37,928,000 (2018:
         RMB21,908,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. Tax losses of group companies
         operated in the PRC could be carried forward for a maximum of five years. These tax losses will expire up to
         year 2024 (2018: 2023).

         Deferred income tax liabilities:


                                                                                         Withholding
                                                                                       income tax on
                                                  Differences on Fair value gain         profits to be
                                                  recognition of from business          distributed in
                                                    depreciation   combination                  future       Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000               RMB’000       RMB’000

          At 1 January 2018                               (4,066)            (2,856)          (11,600)       (18,522)
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                         —            (38,672)                —         (38,672)
          Credited/(charged) to profit or loss               463              2,219           (14,043)       (11,361)

          At 31 December 2018                             (3,603)         (39,309)            (25,643)       (68,555)

          At 1 January 2019                               (3,603)         (39,309)            (25,643)       (68,555)
          Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 32)               —           (51,432)                 —         (51,432)
          (Charged)/credited to profit or loss            (3,103)           9,545             (36,148)       (29,706)

          At 31 December 2019                             (6,706)         (81,196)            (61,791)      (149,693)


         As at 31 December 2019, the retained earnings of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries not yet remitted to holding
         companies incorporated outside PRC, for which no deferred income tax liability had been provided, were
         approximately RMB2,648,068,000 (2018: RMB1,165,454,000). Such earnings are expected to be retained
         by the PRC subsidiaries for reinvestment purposes and would not be remitted to their overseas holding
         companies in the foreseeable future based on management’s estimation of overseas funding requirements.




140      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



29. Cash flow information
   (a)    Cash generated from operations


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

           Profit before income tax                                             2,076,112           1,069,387
           Adjustments for
           — Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
             (Note 14)                                                             94,394              27,447
           — Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 15)                         10,146                  —
           — Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 16)                           44,389               5,499
           — Gains on early termination of lease contracts (Note 7)                   (19)                 —
           — Impairment of intangible assets                                           —                5,431
           — Revaluation gains on reclassification from investments
              in associates to financial assets at FVOCI                               —                (4,313)
           — Gains on disposal of property, plant and
              equipment (Note 7)                                                      (30)                (121)
           — Realised and unrealised gains from financial assets
              at FVPL (Note 7)                                                   (115,127)              (9,368)
           — Employee share schemes — value of employee
              services (Note 9)                                                    14,371               20,537
           — Share of results of joint ventures and associates                     (7,828)               (3,393)
           — Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                         122                    —
           — Gains on disposal of investments in associates                            —               (12,579)
           — Finance income — net (Note 10)                                       (91,900)             (53,845)

           Changes in working capital
             (excluding the effects of acquisition and
             disposal of subsidiaries):
           — Restricted bank deposits                                              (1,700)               (2,569)
           — Inventories                                                           (5,012)                 (881)
           — Trade and other receivables                                         (938,271)             (59,726)
           — Contract liabilities                                                 579,451             344,392
           — Trade and other payables                                           1,893,472             335,649

           Cash generated from operations                                       3,552,570           1,661,547

   (b)    Non-cash investing and financing activities

          Significant non-cash investing and financing activities for the year end 31 December 2019 represented
          the RMB182,682,000 of capital injection in the form of property, plant and equipment made by non-
          controlling interests (Note 14) and the RMB17,931,000 of additions in right-of-use assets (Note 15).

   (c)    In the consolidated statements of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment
          comprise:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

           Net book amount (Note 14)                                                2,774                8,172
           Gains on disposals (Note 7)                                                 30                  121

           Proceeds from disposals                                                  2,804                8,293



                                                                                        Annual Report 2019         141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      29. Cash flow information (Continued)
         (d)   Net cash reconciliation

               This section sets out an analysis of net cash and the movements in net cash for each of the years
               presented.

                                                                                   Liabilities
                                                                               from financing
                                                                         Other      activities
                                                                        assets          Lease
                                                                         Cash       liabilities             Total
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000              RMB’000

                Net cash as at 1 January 2019                          3,868,921           (7,505)       3,861,416
                Cash flows                                             3,028,060           11,135        3,039,195
                Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 32)                         —           (15,606)         (15,606)
                Acquisition of new lease contracts                            —           (17,931)         (17,931)
                Interest expenses                                             —            (2,353)          (2,353)
                Early termination of lease contracts                          —             1,837            1,837
                Foreign exchange adjustments                              17,167               —            17,167
                Net cash as at 31 December 2019                        6,914,148          (30,423)       6,883,725


      30 Commitments
         (a)   Operating lease commitments

               The Group leases offices and staff dormitories under non-cancellable Operating lease agreements. The
               lease terms are between 1 and 6 years. From 1 January 2019, the Group has recognised right-of-use
               assets for these leases, except for short-term and low-value leases, see note 2.1.1 and note 15 for
               further information.

      31. Transactions with non-controlling interests
         Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries

         On 31 March 2019, the Group acquired additional 30% equity interest in Shengshi from non-controlling
         interests at a consideration of RMB90,000,000. On 17 December 2019, the Group acquired additional
         25% equity interest in Huimin from non-controlling interests at a consideration of RMB1,275,000. The
         considerations were fully paid in 2019. The effect of the acquisitions are summarised as follows:

                                                                                                       Year ended
                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                             2019
                                                                                                         RMB’000

          Consideration paid to non-controlling interests                                                    91,275
          Carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired                                             (29,707)
          Difference recorded within equity                                                                  61,568


      32. Business combinations
         In July 2019, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Asia Asset from third parties at a fixed cash
         consideration of RMB259,000,000 and a contingent cash consideration not exceeding RMB116,400,000.
         In September 2019, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Calxon from a third party at a fixed cash
         consideration of RMB173,000,000.The Group also acquired several other property management companies
         from third parties during the current year at an aggregate fixed cash considerations of RMB360,625,000 and a
         contingent cash consideration of not exceeding RMB92,860,000. The above acquired companies have been
         accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group since their respective acquisition dates.

142      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



32. Business combinations (Continued)

   Details of the purchase considerations, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                 Asia Asset          Calxon           Others             Total
                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

    Total purchase considerations
      — Fixed cash considerations                   259,000          173,000          360,625           792,625
       Settled in 2019                              259,000          133,000          282,532           674,532
        Outstanding as at 31 December
        2019                                              —            40,000           78,093          118,093
      — Estimated contingent cash
       consideration                                108,565                —            86,544          195,109
       Settled in 2019                                   —                 —            20,025           20,025
        Outstanding as at 31 December
        2019                                        108,565                —            66,519          175,084
                                                    367,565          173,000          447,169           987,734

    Total recognised amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are as follows:
      — Property, plant and equipment
       (Note 14)                                       21,599               640            5,180         27,419
      — Right-of-use assets (Note 15)                  14,738                —               580         15,318
      — Property management contracts
       and customer relationships
       (Note 16)                                       71,087           23,184         128,478          222,749
      — Other intangible assets (Note16)                    —               140            1,013          1,153
      — Investments in joint ventures
       (Note 18)                                           224               —                —             224
      — Investments in associates                          490               —                —             490
      — Deferred income tax assets
       (Note 28)                                            68            2,800              506           3,374
      — Inventories                                         —               194              277             471
      — Trade and other receivables                  123,642            71,170         101,573          296,385
      — Financial assets at FVPL                       12,000                —                —           12,000
      — Restricted bank deposits                            —                —             4,795           4,795
      — Cash and cash equivalents                    188,846            73,183         141,198          403,227
      — Trade and other payables                    (351,621)         (63,820)        (146,474)        (561,915)
      — Lease liabilities                             (15,012)               —              (594)        (15,606)
      — Deferred income tax liabilities
       (Note 28)                                      (15,136)           (5,796)        (30,500)        (51,432)
      — Contract liabilities                            (1,286)       (17,180)          (19,986)        (38,452)
      — Current income tax liabilities                  (1,590)          (2,878)          (5,694)       (10,162)

    Total identifiable net assets                    48,049           81,637          180,352           310,038
    Non-controlling interests                            —             (8,914)         (25,363)          (34,277)
    Goodwill                                        319,516          100,277          292,180           711,973

                                                    367,565          173,000          447,169           987,734

    Outflow of cash to acquire business, net of cash acquired:
     Partial settlement of cash considerations      259,000          133,000          302,557           694,557
     Less: Cash and cash equivalents in the
               subsidiaries acquired               (188,846)          (73,183)        (141,198)        (403,227)

    Net cash outflow on acquisitions                  70,154           59,817         161,359           291,330




                                                                                        Annual Report 2019          143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      32. Business combinations (Continued)

         (a)   Intangible assets including identified property management contracts and customer relationships of
               RMB222,749,000 in relation to the acquisitions have been recognised by the Group (Note 16).

         (b)   The goodwill arose from the acquisitions was mainly attributable to the expected synergies from
               combining the operations of the Group and the acquired entities.

         (c)   The acquired businesses contributed total revenues of RMB415,992,000 and net profits of
               RMB30,889,000 to the Group for the period from their respective acquisition dates to 31 December
               2019. Had these companies been consolidated from 1 January 2019, the consolidated statements
               of comprehensive income would show pro-forma revenue of RMB10,356,911,000 and net profit of
               RMB1,754,631,000.

      33. Related party transactions
         (a)   Ultimate Controlling Shareholder

               The Company is ultimately controlled by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”).

         (b)   Transactions with related parties


                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2019             2018
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

                Provision of services
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder        1,275,008             785,327
                — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                  Shareholder                                                          167,456             108,300
                — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                   has significant influence                                            78,552               53,419
                — Entities controlled by close relatives of the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                                2,923                  832
                — Key management and their close relatives                               1,734                1,333

                                                                                     1,525,673             949,211

                Purchase of goods and services
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder           38,476               53,501
                — Entities controlled by close relatives of the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                                8,521                4,291

                                                                                        46,997               57,792

                Rental expenses
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder            1,335                1,268

                Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI
                — Entity controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                  —                5,000

                Disposal of associates
                — Entity controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                  —                6,000

               The prices for the above service fees and other transactions were determined in accordance with the
               terms mutually agreed by the contract parties.


144      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



33. Related party transactions (Continued)

   (c)    Free trademark license agreement

          A trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Company and a subsidiary of CGH,
          Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development Company Limited (“佛 山 區 順 德 碧 桂 園 物 業
          發 展 有 限 公 司”) (“Foshan Shunde”) and a deed of trademark licencing was entered into between the
          Company and CGH (the “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”). Pursuant to the Trademark Licencing
          Arrangement, Foshan Shunde agreed and CGH would procure Foshan Shunde to irrevocably and
          unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use several trademarks registered in
          the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of the Trademark Licencing
          Agreement and the deed of trademark licencing, which are subject to the renewal of the licenced
          trademarks, on a royalty-free basis.

   (d)    Key management compensation


          Key management includes directors and senior management. Compensations for key management are
          set out below:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

           Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                        25,160              22,800
           Share-based payments                                                   11,816              15,864
           Fees                                                                      600                 520
           Contributions to retirement benefits and other
             social security costs                                                   309                 332

                                                                                  37,885              39,516




                                                                                       Annual Report 2019         145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      33. Related party transactions (Continued)

         (e)   Balances with related parties


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                Receivables from related parties
                Trade receivables
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder     98,038          63,754
                — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                         12,120           1,777
                — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                   has significant influence                                       5,079           1,313

                                                                                 115,237          66,844


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                Payables to related parties
                Trade payables
                — Entities controlled by the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                         11,216           6,136
                — Entities controlled by close relatives of the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                          3,024           2,646

                                                                                  14,240           8,782




146      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



34. Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company

                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                      Note                2019             2018
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

    ASSETS
    Non-current assets
    Investments in subsidiaries                                              940               940
    Property, plant and equipment                                             51                —
    Other receivables                                                    537,555                —

                                                                         538,546               940

    Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                          1,078,207               434
    Dividends receivable                                                 542,690           233,790
    Other receivables                                                     16,475                13

                                                                       1,637,372           234,237

    Total assets                                                       2,175,918           235,177

    EQUITY
    Share capital and share premium                                    1,756,918             1,584
    Retained earnings                                   (a)              418,629           231,574

    Total equity                                                       2,175,547           233,158

    LIABILITIES
    Current liabilities
    Other payables                                                           371             2,019

    Total liabilities                                                        371             2,019

    Total equity and liabilities                                       2,175,918           235,177


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 18 March 2020 and was
   signed on its behalf.




                        Ll Changjiang                          GUO Zhanjun
                           Director                               Director




                                                                              Annual Report 2019      147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      34. Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (Continued)
         (a)   Movement of retained earnings of the Company


                                                                Retained earnings
                                                                         RMB’000

                At 1 January 2018                                               —
                Profit for the year                                       325,474
                Dividend paid                                              (93,900)

                At 31 December 2018                                       231,574


                                                                Retained earnings
                                                                         RMB’000

                At 1 January 2019                                          231,574
                Profit for the year                                        413,364
                Dividend paid                                             (226,309)

                At 31 December 2019                                       418,629


      35. Directors’ benefits and interests
         Chairman and Non-executive Director

         Ms. Yang Huiyan (note (a)(i))

         Executive Director

         Mr. Li Changjiang, President
         Mr. Xiao Hua
         Mr. Guo Zhanjun

         Non-executive directors

         Mr. Yang Zhicheng (note (a)(i))
         Ms. Wu Bijun (note (a)(i))

         Independent non-executive directors

         Mr. Mei Wenjue
         Mr. Rui Meng
         Mr. Chen Weiru




148      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. Directors’ benefits and interests (Continued)

   (a)    Directors’ emoluments


          The directors received emoluments from the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 as follows:


                                                                 Contributions
                                                                  to retirement Employee share
                                                                   benefits and schemes — value
                                                  Salaries and     other social     of employee
           Name                           Fees          bonus    security costs         services      Total
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000

           Executive directors
           Mr. Li Changjiang                 —          6,510               36             2,724       9,270
           Mr. Xiao Hua                      —          2,380               27             1,000       3,407
           Mr. Guo Zhanjun                   —          1,750               27               987       2,764

           Independent non-executive
             directors
           Mr. Chen Weiru                   200             —               —                 —             200
           Mr. Mei Wenyu                    200             —               —                 —             200
           Mr. Rui Meng                     200             —               —                 —             200

                                            600        10,640               90             4,711      16,041


          The directors received emoluments from the Group (in their role as senior management and employee
          before their appointment as directors) for the year ended 31 December 2018 as follows:


                                                                 Contributions
                                                                  to retirement Employee share
                                                                   benefits and schemes — value
                                                  Salaries and     other social     of employee
           Name                           Fees          bonus    security costs         services      Total
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000

           Executive directors
           Mr. Li Changjiang                 —          6,030               36             4,978      11,044
           Mr. Xiao Hua                      —          2,200               27             1,829       4,056
           Mr. Guo Zhanjun                   —          1,620               27             1,804       3,451

           Independent non-executive
             directors
           Mr. Chen Weiru                   187             —               —                 —             187
           Mr. Mei Wenyu                    167             —               —                 —             167
           Mr. Rui Meng                     167             —               —                 —             167

                                            521         9,850               90             8,611      19,072




                                                                                       Annual Report 2019         149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      35. Directors’ benefits and interests (Continued)

         (a)   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

               (i)   The non-executive directors, Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Yang Zhicheng and Ms. Wu Bijun did not
                     receive any emoluments from the Group during the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.
                     Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Yang Zhicheng and Ms. Wu Bijun have respectively made arrangements with
                     the Company under which they have waived or agreed to waive their emoluments.

         (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits

               There were no retirement benefits paid to or receivable by directors during the year by defined benefit
               pension plans operated by the Group (2018:nil).

         (c)   Directors’ termination benefits

               There were no director’s termination benefits subsisted during the year (2018: nil).

         (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

               There was no consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services subsisted
               during the year (2018:nil).

         (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
               bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

               There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate
               by and connected entities with such directors subsisted during the year (2018:nil).

         (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

               The Chairman and non-executive director, Ms. Yang Huiyan, is an executive director of CGH. The
               Group’s transactions with CGH and related entities are set out in note 33.

               Save for the aforementioned transactions, no other significant transactions, arrangements and contracts
               in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the
               Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any
               time during the year (2018:nil).


      36. Events occurred after the reporting period

         After the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19 outbreak”) in early 2020, a series of
         precautionary and control measures have been and continued to be implemented across the country. The
         Group will pay close attention to the development of the COVID-19 outbreak and evaluate its impact on the
         financial position and operating results of the Group. As at the date on which this set of financial statements
         were authorised for issue, the Group was not aware of any material adverse effects on the financial
         statements as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak.




150      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                    GLOSSARY

“Board”                       the board of Directors

“Bright Scholar”              Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the
                              Cayman Islands with limited liability and the shares of which are listed in the
                              form of American Depository Shares representing Class A Ordinary shares on
                              the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE ticker: BEDU)

“Bright Scholar Group”        Bright Scholar, its subsidiaries and its variable interest entities

“CG Holdings” or “CGH”        Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (碧 桂 園 控 股 有 限 公 司), an
                              exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and
                              the Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
                              code: 2007)

“CG Life Services”            Country Garden Life Services Group Co., Ltd.* (碧 桂 園 生 活 服 務 集 團 股 份 有 限
                              公 司) (formerly known as Guangdong Country Garden Property Services Co.,
                              Ltd. (廣 東 碧 桂 園 物 業 服 務 股 份 有 限 公 司) and subsequently known as Country
                              Garden Intelligent Services Group Co., Ltd.* (碧 桂 園 智 慧 物 業 服 務 集 團 股 份 有
                              限 公 司)), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a wholly-
                              owned subsidiary of the Company

“Group”                       CGH and its subsidiaries

“CGH Group”                   CG Holdings and its subsidiaries

“Chairman”                    the Chairman of the Board

“China Index Academy”         China Index Academy (中國指數研究院), an independent global market research
                              and consulting company, which was established in 1994 in the PRC

“Company” or “CG Service”     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (碧 桂 園 服 務 控 股 有 限
                              公 司), an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited
                              liability and the Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
                              Exchange (stock code: 6098)

“Concrete Win”                Concrete Win Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the BVI on 7
                              April 2006, one of our Controlling Shareholders and is beneficially wholly-owned
                              by Ms. Yang Huiyan

“Corporate Governance Code”   Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules 6

“Deed of Non-competition”     the deed of non-competition dated 29 May 2018 entered into by Ms.Yang
                              Huiyan in favour of our Company

“Directors”                   the directors of the Company

“Fortune Warrior”             Fortune Warrior Global Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the
                              BVI on 25 April 2019, one of our Controlling Shareholders and is beneficially
                              wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan

“HK$”                         Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong




                                                                                          Annual Report 2019     151
      GLOSSARY


      “Hong Kong”                           the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “Listing Date”                        19 June 2018, the date on which our Shares are first listed and from which
                                            dealings in our Shares first commence on the Main Board of the Stock
                                            Exchange

      “Listing Rules”                       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

      “Model Code”                          the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                            out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

      “PRC”                                 the People’s Republic of China (for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong
                                            Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan)

      “Pre-Listing Share Option             the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 13 March 2018, it was
        Scheme”                             subsequently amended by a resolution passed at the extraordinary general
                                            meeting held on 7 November 2019.

      “Qualified Shareholders”              the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
                                            Company on Wednesday, 24 June 2020

      “RMB”                                 Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “SFO”                                 the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

      “Shunbi Property”                     Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development Company Limited* (佛山
                                            市 順 德 區 碧 桂 園 物 業 發 展 有 限 公 司), a limited liability company established in
                                            the PRC on 2 April 1997 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CGH

      “Stock Exchange”                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “The Year”                            The year ended 31 December 2019

      “Three Supplies and                   water, electricity, heat supply and property management
        Property Management”

      “United Gain”                         United Gain Group Ltd. (集 裕 集 團 有 限 公 司), a company established under
                                            the laws of the BVI with limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                            Company

      “YIHAN”                               EH Consulting (億 翰 智 庫), a consulting firm specializing in the PRC real estate
                                            industry and listed on the NEEQ (stock code: 837350)

      “2020 AGM”                            the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Tuesday, 16 June
                                            2020

      “%”                                   per cent

      *   For identification purpose only




152          Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
 碧桂園服務控股有限公司
                                                           碧桂園服務控股有限公司
                                                           Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited




  Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                                                                                           Stock Code: 6098




2 019 A N N U A L R E P O R T




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT
