Content
2    Corporate Information

4    Awards and Honours

6    Chairman’s Statement

10   Management Discussion and Analysis

29   Corporate Governance and
       Other Information

40   Interest Disclosure

43   Report on Review of Condensed
       Consolidated Financial Statements

44   Condensed Consolidated
       Statement of Profit or Loss and
       Other Comprehensive Income

45   Condensed Consolidated
       Statement of Financial Position

47   Condensed Consolidated Statement of
       Changes in Equity

48   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

49   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
       Financial Statements
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Executive Directors                                                    Mr. Xu Binhuai
Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)                                             Mr. Chen Dilin
Mr. Xiao Hua
                                                                       REGISTERED OFFICE
Non-executive Director                                                 Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                                             P.O. Box 2681
                                                                       Grand Cayman
Independent Non-executive Directors                                    KY1-1111
Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                         Cayman Islands
Mr. Rui Meng
Mr. Chen Weiru
Mr. Zhao Jun
                                                                       PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                                       HONG KONG
                                                                       Unit 1603,16th Floor, Ruttonjee House
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                        Ruttonjee Centre
Mr. Rui Meng (Chairman)                                                3–11 Duddell Street
Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                         Central
Mr. Chen Weiru                                                         Hong Kong
Mr. Zhao Jun

                                                                       HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                                 PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Mr. Chen Weiru (Chairman)                                              West Building of Country Garden Office
Ms. Yang Huiyan                                                        Beijiao Town
Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                         Shunde District, Foshan
                                                                       Guangdong Province
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                   PRC
Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)
Mr. Rui Meng                                                           CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL
Mr. Chen Weiru                                                         SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Zhao Jun                                                           TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                                       Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND                                              Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                                                   P.O. Box 2681
Mr. Xu Binhuai (Chairman)                                              Grand Cayman
Mr. Xiao Hua                                                           KY1-1111
Ms. Yang Huiyan                                                        Cayman Islands
Mr. Chen Weiru
Mr. Zhao Jun                                                           HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
                                                                       REGISTRAR
DEBT RECOVERY COMMITTEE*                                               Tricor Investor Services Limited
Mr. Xu Binhuai (Chairman)                                              17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Mr. Xiao Hua                                                           16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
Mr. Rui Meng
                                                                       AUDITORS
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Mr. Chen Dilin                                                         Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Solicitor in Hong Kong)                          35/F, One Pacific Place
                                                                       88 Queensway, Hong Kong
*    In addition to the Directors presented, there are another three
     members that are core management of the Company (one of
     whom was appointed on 27 March 2026)




          2       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Corporate Information



LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong laws:
WOO KWAN LEE & LO
26/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central
Hong Kong

As to PRC laws:
Beijing Dacheng Law Offices, LLP (Shanghai)
9th/24th/25th Floor, Shanghai World Financial Center
No.100 Century Avenue, Shanghai, China

AllBright Law Offices
12/F, Shanghai Tower, No. 501 Yincheng Middle Road
Pudong New Area, Shanghai


PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.bgyfw.com


STOCK CODE
6098


LISTING DATE
19 June 2018




                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026   3
AWARDS AND HONOURS

                                                1   2026 Leading Companies in China in terms of Property
                                                    Technology Empowerment
                                                    Beijing China Index Academy
                                                2   2026 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management
         1    2                                     Companies in China in terms of Business Performance
                                                    Beijing China Index Academy
                                                3   2026 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management
                                                    Companies in China in terms of Service Scale
                                                    Beijing China Index Academy
                                                4   2026 TOP 100 Property Management Companies in China
                                                    Beijing China Index Academy
         3    4
                                                5   2026 Outstanding Property Management Companies in
                                                    China in terms of ESG Development
                                                    Beijing China Index Academy
                                                6   2026 Outstanding Companies in China in terms of IFM
                                                    Service
                                                    Beijing China Index Academy
         5    6                                 7   2026 Annual Property Management Companies with Sense
                                                    of Social Responsibility in China
                                                    Beijing China Index Academy
                                                8   2026 First in TOP 20 Listed Property Management
                                                    Companies in China
                                                    CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
         7    8
                                                    Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                9   2026 Leading Listed Property Management Companies in
                                                    China in terms of ESG Sustainable Development
                                                    CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
                                                    Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                                               10   2026 Top 10 Leading Listed Property Management
                                                    Companies in China in terms of Management Scale
         9    10                                    CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
                                                    Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                                               11   2026 Top 10 Leading Listed Property Management
                                                    Companies in China in terms of Market Value Recognition
                                                    CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
                                                    Information Technology Co., Ltd.
        11    12                               12   2026 Top 10 Leading Listed Property Management
                                                    Companies in China in terms of Operating Revenue Scale
                                                    CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
                                                    Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                                               13   2026 Leading Listed Property Management Companies in
                                                    China in terms of Value-added Service Capability
                                                    CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
        13    14                                    Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                                               14   2026 Leading Property Management Companies in China
                                                    in terms of Social Responsibility Contribution
                                                    CRIC Property Management,
                                                    China Property Management Research Institution
                                               15   2026 Leading Property Management Companies in China
        15                                          in terms of Value-added Service Operation
                                                    CRIC Property Management,
                                                    China Property Management Research Institution



  4   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                               Awards and Honours


16   2026 First in TOP 500 Property Management Companies in
     China in terms of Comprehensive Strength
     CRIC Property Management,
     China Property Management Research Institution
17   2026 Leading Companies in China in terms of Smart                   16   17
     Property Service
     CRIC Property Management,
     China Property Management Research Institution
18   2026 Leading Companies in China in terms of Residential
     Property Service
     CRIC Property Management,
     China Property Management Research Institution                      18   19
19   2026 First in TOP 100 Property Management Companies in
     China in terms of Comprehensive Strength
     CPM Think Tank
20   2026 First in TOP 20 Listed Property Management
     Companies in China’s Property Management Industry
     CPM Think Tank                                                      20   21
21   2026 TOP 5 Listed Property Management Companies in
     China in terms of Market Value
     CPM Think Tank
22   2026 Top 100 Property Management Companies in China
     in terms of Brand Influence
     CPM Think Tank
                                                                         22   23
23   2026 Top 30 Companies in China in terms of Residential
     Property Service
     CPM Think Tank
24   2026 TOP 1 Property Management Companies in China in
     terms of Comprehensive Strength
     YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
25   2026 China’s Model Property Management Companies for                24   25
     School Property Service
     YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
26   2026 China’s Model Property Management Companies for
     Industrial Park
     YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
27   2026 Leading Property Management Companies in                       26   27
     Guangzhou, China in terms of Competitiveness
     YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
28   2026 Listed Property Management Companies with
     Outstanding Performance
     Guandian Index Academy
29   2026 Property Management Companies with Outstanding
                                                                         28   29
     Performance
     Guandian Index Academy
30   2026 Property Management Companies with Outstanding
     Performance in terms of Brand Value
     Guandian Index Academy

                                                                         30




                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026   5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

To create a better society
with our existence




Dear Shareholders,

2026 marks the inaugural year of the strategic rollout of the national 15th Five-Year Plan, and also a
crucial year for the property service industry to embrace a historic shift in its positioning. For the first time,
property services have been incorporated into the national top-level planning framework, which explicitly proposes the
implementation of the “Property Service Quality Improvement Initiative”, in order to further promote the “Bringing Property
Services into Homes” initiative and encourage property service companies to expand into areas of public welfare such
as elderly care, childcare, housekeeping, and health services. General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that we must
continuously improve the quality of residential property management and community services with “meticulous attention
to detail”, build comprehensive communities and convenient living circles, and address the concerns of the people one
by one. Spanning the construction of “quality housing”, full life-cycle safety management of properties, the branded and
standardized development of lifestyle services, and the strategic planning of community-embedded elderly-care services,
unprecedented favourable policies now extend across every core segment of the property service industry. This not
only signifies that property services have officially been elevated to a vital component of the fundamental framework for
people’s livelihood, but also opens up broad development space for leading enterprises equipped with market-oriented
capabilities, technological strength, and social responsibility.

Looking back at the first half of the year, we have consolidated our operational foundation with the pragmatic
attitude of “stabilizing performance through solid execution”, and embraced industry transformation with the
progressive spirit of “embarking on a new journey driven by intelligence”. On the one hand, we have stabilized
our operational fundamentals and achieved steady growth in performance; on the other hand, we have actively pursued
transformation and deepened reforms, taking intelligent transformation as an important direction, and firmly promoting
the implementation and breakthrough of the PARA (People – Agent – Robot – AIoT) strategy. It is precisely on the back
of the solid foundation we have built over the years in independent operation, digital-intelligent transformation and in-
depth service cultivation that Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company” or “CG Services”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) have been able to translate strategic opportunities into tangible operational
results during this critical window of industry transformation. For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Period”), the
Group’s revenue reached approximately RMB24,500.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
5.7%; gross profit reached approximately RMB4,439.9 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately




           6     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                          Chairman’s Statement


3.3%; and core net profit* attributable to the owners of the Company reached approximately RMB1,618.5 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 3.2%, achieving stabilization and recovery year-on-year. The
greater property management business continued to serve as the stable pillar of the Group’s results, contributing nearly
70% of revenue and over 90% of the revenue increment, with gross profit increasing by approximately 8.7% year-on-year
and gross profit margin rising steadily, fully demonstrating the profit resilience of the greater property management
business. During the Period, the Group’s net cash flow from operating activities improved by approximately RMB125.9
million year-on-year, representing an increase of approximately 14.4%. At the same time, the Group continued to deepen
management efficiency enhancement measures, with the ratio of general and administrative expenses to revenue
decreasing by approximately 1.3 percentage points year-on-year; and it continued to drive future growth through
technological innovation, with research and development expenditure of approximately RMB110.6 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of approximately 42.2% and a net increase of approximately RMB32.8 million as compared to the
same period of last year, striving to advance the development of the PARA strategy.

While achieving steady growth, the Group has always placed shareholder returns in an important position.
These results would not have been possible without the trust and support of our shareholders, and encourage us to
practically reward their support with continuous and stable dividend and share repurchase actions. The total dividend
of the Group for the 2025 financial year amounted to approximately RMB1.51 billion. We will continue to maintain the
expectation that the dividend for the 2026 financial year will be no less than RMB1.5 billion. During the first half of the
year, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 34.995 million Shares, representing approximately 1.0% of the total
number of Shares at the beginning of the year, at a repurchase amount of approximately RMB185.7 million.

We deeply recognize that true value creation stems from a fundamental transformation of the service
paradigm. In the first half of the year, the Group continued to deepen the implementation of the PARA co-evolution
paradigm. This is not a simple stacking of four independent directions, but a systematic restructuring of the service
paradigm – enabling the judgment of people, the computing power of agents, the physical capability of robots and the
perceptual power of AIoT to co-evolve in synergy, reshaping a new service ecosystem of human-machine collaboration.
From the scaled deployment of the cleaning robot “No. 0 Resident ( 零 號 居 民 )”, to the continuous expansion of the
“No. 0 Assistant ( 零 號 助 理 )” AI agent matrix, and further to full coverage of the AIoT perceptual foundation, PARA is
moving from proof of concept toward large-scale implementation in projects. In pilots across more than 200 residential
projects, PARA has formed a positive flywheel effect of “deployment – data – optimization”, with continuous validation of
dual improvement in service quality and operating efficiency. For CG Services, the strategic significance of PARA lies not
only in cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, but also in redefining the productivity boundaries of property services
through technology, leading the industry from the traditional people-managing-people model toward a new paradigm of
intelligent services featuring human-machine integration and data-driven operations. This is a difficult but right path, and
we will forge ahead with unwavering determination.

The cultivation of internal capabilities must ultimately translate into market recognition and business
breakthroughs. The strategic orientation of the national 15th Five-Year Plan toward branding and standardization of
lifestyle services has further strengthened our confidence and determination to drive high-quality expansion through
professional capabilities. In the first half of the year, the Group’s newly contracted annualized revenue reached
approximately RMB1.32 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 53%, and newly contracted
projects that have commenced on-site delivery exceeded 600. In the residential sector, we continued to deepen our
presence in core cities and successively secured a number of benchmark projects with regional influence; in the non-
residential sector, the Group officially launched the professional brand “Bifu Enterprise Services ( 碧 服 商 企 )”, with
Integrated Facility Management (IFM) as the strategic focus, successfully entering diversified sectors such as leading
e-commerce, high-end manufacturing, headquarters of technology enterprises and aviation airports. The in-depth
expansion from “residential” to “commercial” signifies that the Group’s comprehensive service capabilities are gaining
recognition from an increasing number of leading industry clients, and continue to inject new momentum into long-term
growth.




*     Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding share-based payment expenses, amortisation charges of intangible
      assets – contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions,
      impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities, gains or losses from disposal
      of subsidiaries, expected losses on external guarantee, impairment provision or reversal of receivables from related parties, gains or
      losses on fair value changes of contingent considerations related to performance guarantees, gains or losses associated with the material
      arbitration, and the impact of the related income tax expenses and non-controlling interests arising from the aforementioned adjustments.


                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026            7
Chairman’s Statement


Market expansion has opened up room for growth, while community value-added services have enabled
us to forge deeper connections with the daily lives of property owners. For two consecutive years, China has
emphasized “investing in people” in its government work report. The shift in development philosophy has established a
value framework for community services that the ultimate goal of all our work is to ensure that ordinary people experience
a tangible sense of gain. We keenly captured residents’ urgent demand for convenient and high-quality community
living services, and also deeply understood the policy significance and people’s livelihood expectations embedded in the
“15-Minute Convenient Living Circle ( 一刻鐘便民生活圈 )” and construction of complete communities, being committed
to providing services that are tangible and accessible. The Group firmly advanced the structural transformation from
resource-based businesses to market-oriented businesses. Community retail focused on daily essentials that people
need, safeguarding property owners’ “grocery baskets” and “rice bags” – their daily groceries and staple food supplies
through high cost-performance products and proximity-based service capabilities; the charging station business
accelerated external expansion while deepening its presence in existing communities, making green mobility more
convenient and inclusive. Facing the everyday concerns that weigh most heavily on the public – especially the elderly and
young children – we actively responded to the national call for property services to extend into people’s livelihood areas
such as elderly care, childcare and housekeeping, and strive to weave care for ordinary people into every meal and every
detail of daily life. These service innovations, centered around daily life scenarios, are designed to serve people and bring
warmth to the heart as the ultimate aim. Though modest at the outset, they are converging into a strong driving force for
sustained business growth, enabling property services to truly move from “managing communities” to “serving lives”.

This profound shift from “management” to “service” is reflected not only in our business model, but also
in our commitment to social responsibility. In the first half of the year, the Group actively implemented the guiding
principles of General Secretary Xi Jinping’s instructions on Party-building-led grassroots governance and on exploring
a new model of coordinated operation among residents’ committees, property owners’ committees and property
service enterprises under the leadership of community Party organizations, and promoted the implementation of four-
party collaborative governance platforms comprising the community, the property owners’ committee, the property
management company and property owners in many places across the country. Relying on the inclusive property
brand “YUEBAIJIA ( 悅 佰 家 )”, we achieved low-fee and high-quality services through an intensive operation model,
and implemented targeted measures in the renovation of old residential communities – from full property management
coverage in Beijing’s Panjiayuan ( 潘家園 ) to resolving parking difficulties at Songyuan South Community ( 松園南小區 ) in
Shenzhen, from the revitalization of the community in Wuhan Chief Ecological Home ( 武漢首席生態家園 ) to the practice
of residents’ self-governance through shared gardens in Hefei – each step responding to the most pressing livelihood
matters of concern to the public. Since the launch of the “YUEBAIJIA ( 悅 佰 家 )” brand, we have cumulatively served
more than 200 old residential communities, covering more than 200,000 households. Shouldering responsibility at times
of emergency is likewise a profound embodiment of the social value of property services. Since the beginning of this
year, the Group has participated in fighting typhoons, floods, rainstorms, earthquakes and other natural disasters as well as
post-disaster reconstruction on 313 occasions, covering 551 projects with 9,210 participants. Whether delivering caring
meals during Typhoon Maysak in Guangxi, providing emergency relief during the flood response in Zhoukou, Henan, or
standing firm for more than 30 consecutive hours amid severe rainstorms for the Binjiangcheng project in Chongqing
during the college entrance exams, the staff of CG Services have built a solid line of defense for the safety of the lives and
property of property owners and the public through concrete actions.

Our commitment to social responsibility is inseparable from our pursuit of sustainable development. In the
field of sustainable development, the Group’s ESG ratings achieved comprehensive improvement during the year: the
MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to AA, the Wind ESG rating was upgraded to AA, and the Hang Seng ESG rating
was upgraded to A, all at industry-leading levels. This recognition stems from our solid integration of the concept of
sustainable development into daily operations. On the environmental dimension, we apply the green and low-carbon
concept throughout the entire process of community operations, with 18 office buildings under the Tianli commercial
and office business division receiving the international WELL Health-Safety Rating; on the social dimension, we extend
ESG concepts to the grassroots level of governance, focusing on the needs of key groups such as the elderly and
children, adding elderly care service facilities and improving barrier-free environments in the renovation of old residential
communities; we also extend the philosophy of “investing in people” to our workforce, with continuous and additional
investment in skills training, occupational safety protection and heartfelt care for frontline employees, allowing our frontline




           8     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                             Chairman’s Statement


staff to gain personal growth and respect while serving others. At the same time, we actively engage in community
volunteer services and public welfare and charity, and take the initiative to shoulder corporate social responsibility in
emergency rescue and disaster relief and in responding to the public’s most pressing difficulties and concerns, so that
corporate value and social well-being resonate in step with each other; on the corporate governance dimension, we
continue to improve our business ethics and compliance system, integrating sustainable development into the full chain
of strategic decision-making. We will continue to respond with solid steps to the earnest expectations placed upon
enterprises by the times.

We are keenly aware that only through solid cultivation today can we deliver flourishing growth tomorrow.
The 15th Five-Year Plan has drawn a clear development blueprint for the industry – from the construction of “quality
housing” to full life-cycle safety management of properties, from the branding and standardized development of lifestyle
services to the layout of community-embedded elderly care services – each policy is highly aligned with our strategic
direction. Looking ahead, we will use “prudent operations” to consolidate our development foundation, maintaining
a steady operating base while continuously strengthening our core competitive advantages; use “internal capability
building” to deepen organizational and talent development, continuously energizing frontline teams and building a
learning organization; use “deepening reform” to drive a comprehensive upgrade of the operating system, so that digital-
intelligence new quality productive forces truly take root; and use “bold innovation” to incubate strategic new businesses,
injecting a continuous stream of growth momentum into the Group’s sustainable development. We will also address the
clients’ concerns with concrete actions and refine the quality of our services through meticulous operations by assisting
old communities in moving toward “good governance” with professional services, leading industry transformation and
upgrading through technological innovation, and responding to national expectations with concrete actions and a sense
of responsibility, so as to create a more reassuring, comfortable and convenient living environment for property owners,
and write a new chapter for CG Services on the new journey of high-quality development of the industry.

Finally, on behalf of the board of directors (the “Director(s)”) of the Company (the “Board”), I would like
to express my sincere gratitude to the management team and all employees for their hard work, and to
our partners, shareholders and all sectors of society for their trust and support. It is your professionalism
and unremitting resilience that have built the solid cornerstone enabling CG Services to move forward steadily amid a
changing landscape, and the deep affection from our partners and shareholders is our greatest driving force. Going
forward, we will respond to expectations with concrete actions, forge ahead in unity with all partners, bravely open new
horizons, and jointly create a new chapter of high-quality development.

To create a better society with our existence.

We are committed to being a conscientious and socially responsible enterprise that operates with openness and integrity.




Yang Huiyan
Chairman of the Board

Foshan, China, 26 August 2026




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026       9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS#

BUSINESS REVIEW
The Group is a leading integrated service provider in the PRC covering diversified business forms, including services to
residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings, industrial parks, multi-purpose complexes, government
buildings, hospitals, schools and other public facilities, such as airport terminals, highway service stations and cultural
scenic areas. We have gained industry-leading satisfaction rate from customers and brand reputation with quality
services, as well as high recognition in a number of sub-segments of the industry. We have won well-recognized awards
in the industry including “2026 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management Companies in China in terms of Business
Performance” (2026 中 國 物 業 服 務 百 強 企 業 經 營 績 效 TOP10) and “2026 Leading Companies in China in terms of
Property Technology Empowerment” (2026 中國物業科技賦能領先企業 ) granted by China Index Academy; “2026 TOP
1 Property Management Companies in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength” (2026 中國物業企業綜合實力第 1 名 )
and “2026 China’s Model Property Management Companies for Red Property Models” (2026 中國物業服務紅色物業樣
本標竿企業 ) granted by YIHAN ( 億翰智庫 ); and “2026 Leading Property Management Companies in China in terms of
Social Responsibility Contribution” (2026 中國物業社會責任貢獻領先企業 ) and “2026 Leading Companies in China in
terms of Smart Property Service” (2026 中國智慧物業服務領先企業 ) granted by CRIC Property Management.

The Group’s businesses are divided into the greater property management business and the developing business.
The greater property management business, as the cornerstone of the Group’s results, mainly includes (i) property
management services, (ii) community value-added services and (iii) value-added services to non-property owners; the
developing business mainly includes (i) the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, (ii) environmental
business and (iii) commercial operational services. The foregoing businesses together constitute the Group’s
comprehensive service system covering the full value chain of property management.

GREATER PROPERTY MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

Property Management Services

We provide property owners, residents and property developers with a series of property management services, including
security, cleaning, green landscaping, gardening, repair and maintenance, and other services. During the Period, property
management services recorded a revenue of approximately RMB14,505.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of approximately 6.3% as compared to the same period of last year, and its percentage of total revenue further increased
to approximately 59.2%.

The scale of the Group’s property management business has been steadily expanding. As at 30 June 2026, apart from
the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, our revenue-bearing GFA was approximately 1,096.4 million
sq.m.. In addition, the revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property
Management” business was approximately 90.0 million sq.m.. We manage a total of 8,576 property projects, which
cover 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in Chinese Mainland, as well as the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region and overseas, focusing on five key economically developed city clusters, including the Pearl
River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta, the middle reaches of the Yangtze River, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region and the
Chengdu-Chongqing Region in the PRC.




#
     Due to the reorganization of business units and change in the internal reporting system during the Period, the Group identified the following
     two operating segments, respectively (i) the greater property management business which mainly comprises property management
     services, community value-added services and value-added services to non-property owners; and (ii) the developing business, which
     mainly comprises the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, environmental business and commercial operational services.
     Meanwhile, the Group reclassified the non-environmental business formerly under city services to the greater property management
     business, and reclassified real estate brokerage services formerly under community value-added services to other services under the
     developing business. Accordingly, the Group has restated the relevant figures for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




         10       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


The Group has continued to empower service operations with technology, focusing on the dual enhancement of
customer experience and service efficiency. During the Period, relying on the PARA (People – Agent – Robot – AIoT)
synergistic paradigm, the Group systematically restructured the operating value chain and, with customer satisfaction as
the core orientation, promoted the digital transformation and refinement of services, and used smart services to enhance
residents’ daily living experience. In terms of personnel, front-line management personnel have significantly expanded
their management scope with the help of AI-powered decision-making tools, while front-line personnel have shifted their
focus to scheduling and command, equipment maintenance, and providing caring services to property owners, enabling
rapid response to and precise alignment with customer needs; in terms of agents, “No. 0 Assistant ( 零 號 助 理 )”, an
agent matrix independently developed by the Group, continues to expand and has now launched 19 agents covering
areas such as operations, finance, human resources and community value-added services. Three major agents for fee
collection, outbound calls and work orders have been newly launched in 2026, and operated in coordination to convert
customers’ feedback into executable service strategies. The outbound call agent has increased efficiency by 43% as
compared to manual surveys and reduced the cost per sample in satisfaction surveys by 64%; the work order agent has
achieved an automatic assignment rate of 74% and has been deployed across over 780 projects, significantly improving
the customer outreach and problem-resolution experience; in terms of robots, the cleaning robot “No. 0 Resident ( 零號
居民 )” achieved scalable deployment, significantly enhancing environmental operation efficiency and consistent services
quality; based on AIoT, we have cumulatively completed over 1,830 integrated parking platform retrofit projects and
manage more than 2.5 million smart parking spaces through smart parking lots. The PARA strategy creates a closed-
loop operational cycle of “perception—decision-making—execution—feedback” and gradually delivers operational value.
We have piloted the PARA transformation in over 200 residential projects during the Period, and in more than 76% of
these projects, owner satisfaction has improved compared to that of 2025, while nearly half of the projects have seen a
year-over-year increase in property fee collection rates compared to the same period last year. Taking the Wuhan CG
Eco-City East Zone Project ( 武漢碧桂園生態城 • 東境項目 ) as an example, the PARA strategy has been implemented,
driving double-digit growth in both owner satisfaction and collection rates, fully demonstrating the quantifiable
enhancement in customer value enabled by technology, and continuously strengthening the Group’s reputation as an
operational leader and its competitive advantages.

During the Period, the Group achieved remarkable results in market expansion, with improvements in both quantity
and quality. Newly contracted projects that have commenced on-site delivery exceeded 600, and newly contracted
annualized revenue amounted to approximately RMB1,320 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 53%.
The city focus of newly expanded projects continued to increase, while the Group successfully secured a number
of benchmark projects in cities such as Beijing, Hangzhou and Shanghai, achieving breakthroughs in areas such as
large-scale commodity housing, full coverage across districts and counties, and high-end villas. During the Period, the
Group launched Bifu Enterprise Services ( 碧 服 商 企 ), a professional brand for non-residential property services, with
businesses covering Integrated Facility Management (“IFM”), industrial parks, aviation and airports, hospitals, campuses
and other property types, committed to becoming a leading commercial and enterprise integrated facilities and space
services provider in the PRC. During the Period, the Group deepened its non-residential business layout with IFM as
the core focus. Focusing on leading clients in sectors such as the Internet, new energy, intelligent manufacturing and
healthcare, the Group successfully expanded into benchmark projects including JD.com Smart Industrial Park ( 京 東
智 能 產 業 園 ), Haier Qingdao Industrial Park ( 海 爾 青 島 產 業 園 ), Dewu Shanghai Jiading Trend E-commerce Park ( 得
物 上 海 嘉 定 潮 流 電 商 園 ) and Shenzhen Airlines. Our services cover diversified scenarios including space operations,
engineering operation and maintenance, security, environment, administration, customer service, apartments, conference
and catering, demonstrating comprehensive service capabilities and laying a solid foundation for further in-depth
development.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026      11
Management Discussion and Analysis


Community Value-added Services

We are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle community living services operator”. By focusing on the
family growth cycle of property owners, the property value cycle and the mature development cycle of communities,
we strive to provide property owners with comprehensive community living services to meet their needs for asset
value preservation and appreciation and daily living needs, so as to enable property owners to experience the beauty
of property management services. Based on the community and property service scenarios, we continuously build
community value-added service businesses that satisfy customers, and with differentiated offerings and market-oriented
capabilities, drive the shift in our business structure from resource-based businesses to market-oriented businesses,
thereby driving the scale expansion and quality improvement of our community value-added services.

Our community value-added services have formed the following businesses: (i) home services – providing property
owners with safe, convenient, professional and considerate full-chain home services through a standardized operation
system; (ii) community media services – establishing deep engagement between consumers and brands through the
community media matrix; (iii) local living services – setting up local consumption scenarios for customers and continuously
adapting to the needs of property owners to customize diversified life services; and (iv) community area services –
making full use of community space resources and carrying out business with the aim of providing convenience to the life
of property owners and improving their sense of happiness in their living.

During the Period, the revenue from the Group’s community value-added services was approximately RMB2,307.8
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 18.3% as compared to the same period of last year, and
its percentage of total revenue was approximately 9.4%. In particular, the revenue from local living services amounted
to approximately RMB1,663.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 28.9% as compared to
the same period of last year. During the Period, the community retail business of the Group, guided by the policy of
“15-Minute Convenient Living Circle ( 一 刻 鐘 便 民 生 活 圈 )”, advanced structural upgrades from the three aspects of
products, services and users. On the product side, the scale of daily essentials such as eggs, milk and water achieved
rapid expansion; on the proximity-based services side, leveraging property scenarios to deepen customer touchpoint
engagement, revenue from C-end customers continued to climb; on the user side, we implemented tiered and refined
operations across the entire customer lifecycle, resulting in significant growth in the user base. By combining essential
products with high penetration rate and its additional benefits, we achieved a repeat purchase rate of nearly half
among users. Through the combined effect of these three capability-building initiatives, the performance of the retail
business was driven to significant growth. During the Period, the Group’s two-wheeled charging station brand, “Smart
Enjoy Charging Downstairs” ( 智 享 樓 下 充 電 ), achieved significant breakthroughs in deepening its presence in existing
communities and expanding into external markets through further lean operations. As of 30 June 2026, we operated a
total of approximately 830,000 charging sockets, representing an increase of approximately 230,000 as compared to
30 June 2025 and serving over 6,035 communities, with a cumulative user base reaching 10.36 million and cumulative
service visits exceeding 230 million, so as to provide property owners with safe, orderly and reliable charging services.
At the same time, we have comprehensively accelerated our market expansion in external communities, setting
approximately 22,000 new charging sockets in communities outside the Group’s managed properties, laying a solid
foundation for sustained future growth.

Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners

During the Period, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was approximately RMB234.1 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 20.2% as compared to the same period of last year, and its
percentage of the Group’s total revenue further decreased to approximately 1.0%. The value-added services to non-
property owners we provide mainly include (i) management consultancy services to property developers for their presale
activities, as well as consultancy services for properties managed by other property management companies; (ii) cleaning
services, green landscaping, repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-delivery stage; (iii) sales
and leasing agency services of unsold parking spaces and properties; and (iv) elevator products installation, supporting
services and other services.




         12      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


DEVELOPING BUSINESS

“Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

The Group established a joint venture in 2018 and began to undergo the separation and transfer of property
management and heat supply under the “Three Supplies and Property Management” reform. As of 30 June 2026, the
revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business
was approximately 90.0 million sq.m.. During the Period, the revenue from the property management business was
approximately RMB4,605.3 million, and the revenue from the heat supply business was approximately RMB907.4 million.

During the Period, we adhered to a strategy of steady resolve and prudent operations, continuously strengthening our
service foundation and expanding the scope of our services. We thoroughly implemented lean operations, strengthened
cash flow management, and ensured safe production and the delivery of high-quality services. Simultaneously, we
endeavored to promote energy-saving technological upgrades and initiatives to reduce costs and improve efficiency,
refine our risk prevention and control system, and strengthen operational safety standards to ensure the sustained and
healthy development of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business.

Environmental Business

The Group focuses on core sectors such as intelligent operation and maintenance of urban (ecological) environments,
solid waste disposal and resource utilization, environmental protection governance, green technology services,
manufacturing and leasing of environmental industry technology equipment and industrial services. We provide
comprehensive environmental protection governance solutions covering environmental protection design, construction &
renovation, and intelligent operation for urban development, industrial upgrading, and livable communities.

During the Period, our environmental business recorded a revenue of approximately RMB1,519.3 million, and its
percentage of the Group’s total revenue decreased to approximately 6.2%. Guided by the principle of “Strengthening
Foundations and Quality, Advancing Digital Intelligent Transformation”, the Group’s environmental business continues
to optimize its organizational structure and regional layout to enhance labor productivity and the quality of project
operations. Through measures such as strengthening fee collection management and implementing proactive measures
to secure project contracts, we have strived to improve collection rates for long-overdue amounts and cash flow position.
At the same time, we adhered to high-quality expansion and refined operations, and endeavored to explore new models
for smart environmental sanitation. We partnered with a domestic autonomous driving technology company during the
Period to pilot the deployment of small, low-speed, lightweight unmanned sanitation vehicles. The technology-driven
approach has delivered a steady improvement in operational efficiency.

Commercial Operational Services

The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood commercial centers, office buildings and other projects with end-to-
end services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing, operation and planning services, mainly including (i)
conducting commercial operation and management of the properties owned by leasing developers or property owners; (ii)
providing property market research and positioning services to property developers at the investment stage; (iii) providing
market research and positioning, business planning consulting, tenant sourcing and opening preparation services to
property developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties; and (iv) providing tenant
sourcing, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of property operation.

During the Period, the commercial operational business of the Group achieved a revenue of approximately RMB270.1
million, accounting for approximately 1.1% of the total revenue of the Group. Our commercial operational services offer
a comprehensive portfolio of service lines, including city-grade full-service shopping mall “Bele City” ( 碧樂城 ), regional
shopping mall “Bele One” ( 碧樂匯 ) and community neighbourhood commercial center “Bele Time” ( 碧樂時光 ). During
the Period, the Group actively promoted third-party expansion, successfully secured projects such as the Suzhou Bele
time and Xi’an Dafang Group’s commercial block.




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026       13
Management Discussion and Analysis


PROSPECTS AND FUTURE PLANS

Lean operations: Driven by digital and intelligent technologies, building a highly efficient operational system
powered by both customer reputation and cost competitiveness

Customer reputation is the core competitive advantage underpinning the Group’s high-quality development.
Moving forward, the Group will continue to drive the transformation and upgrading of traditional property services
toward digitalization and intelligentization by deepening the implementation of PARA strategy with enhanced cost
competitiveness to elevate service quality, thereby supporting high-quality scale expansion. In terms of structural
efficiency improvements, the Group has established a dynamic and full-cycle project evaluation mechanism to
continuously assess project health and value contribution, ensuring precise allocation of resources to high-value-added
areas. At the same time, we are advancing organizational consolidation and restructuring our cost structure to effectively
enhance our business’s resilience against economic cycles. In terms of refined operations, the Group will thoroughly
explore efficiency opportunities across the entire project value chain, unleash labor productivity through “human-machine
collaboration”, and leverage digital and intelligent platforms to drive standardized operations and closed-loop process
management. This will create a virtuous cycle of service quality, operational efficiency and financial performance, laying a
solid operational foundation for large-scale growth.

Community Value-added Services: Focusing on property owners’ living services to jointly build a convenient
living circle

The Group has always been guided by the high-frequency daily needs of property owners, placing property owners’
living service businesses such as community retail, new energy and home services at the core of development, and
enhancing the living convenience of property owners through high cost-performance essential products, a safe and
convenient charging network and reliable in-home housekeeping. Going forward, we will continue to take businesses
centered on property owners’ living services as the core, providing strong support with professional operations and
resource management, in order to form a community service ecosystem covering diversified needs such as daily essential
consumption, convenient mobility, home improvement and housekeeping services. We will support the development of
community “15-Minute Convenient Living Circle ( 一刻鐘便民生活圈 )” in all aspects, allowing property owners to enjoy
convenient, warm and high-quality property services at their doorstep.

Technology empowerment: PARA co-evolution, leading a new paradigm of smart services

The deep integration of artificial intelligence and Internet of Things (AIoT) technologies is redefining the productivity
boundaries of property services. The Group will firmly advance the PARA synergistic paradigm of four forces – “People,
Agent, Robot and AIoT” – and fully embed it into the transformation of the operating system. In the field of intelligent
agents, we will further expand the application of large AI models in scenarios such as customer service, equipment
maintenance, and energy consumption control; in the field of robots, we will scale up the deployment of the “No. 0
Resident ( 零號居民 )” cleaning robot and the “No. 0 Walker ( 零號行者 )” inspection robot dog; in the field of the AIoT,
we will build a unified platform, deepen the integrated renovation of parking systems, achieve data interoperability and
intelligent coordination among community-level terminal devices, so as to drive the evolution of service models from
passive response to active sensing. Our goal is to create a new service ecosystem of “human-machine integration and
data-driven operations”. By harnessing the power of technology to enhance efficiency and create innovative experiences,
we steadfastly carry out Country Garden Services’ mission that “Services Contribute to a Better Life”.




         14      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis



FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue

The Group’s revenue is derived from the greater property management business and the developing business. The
greater property management business comprises (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services
and (iii) value-added services to non-property owners. The developing business comprises (i) “Three Supplies and
Property Management” business, (ii) environmental business and (iii) commercial operational services. For the six months
ended 30 June 2026, the total revenue of the Group increased by approximately 5.7% to approximately RMB24,500.5
million from approximately RMB23,185.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Such increase was mainly
attributable to the comprehensive impact of the continued growth in the revenue from property management services,
community value-added services, and the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business of the Group, as offset
by the decrease in revenue from value-added services to non-property owners as a result of proactive suppression of the
Group’s transaction amounts with customers whose credit risks have significantly increased and the decline in revenues
from environmental business and commercial operational services. Specific revenue by business is shown below:

GREATER PROPERTY MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

(i)   Property management services

      During the Period, the revenue from property management services increased by approximately 6.3% to
      approximately RMB14,505.2 million from approximately RMB13,649.3 million for the six months ended 30 June
      2025, accounting for approximately 59.2% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2025, approximately 58.9%).

      The following table sets out the breakdown of the revenue-bearing GFA of the properties developed by Country
      Garden Real Estate Group and the properties developed by independent third-party property developers for the
      periods indicated:

                                                                       As at 30 June 2026                    As at 30 June 2025
                                                                        Revenue-Bearing                       Revenue-Bearing
                                                                              GFA                                   GFA
                                                                   (’000 sq.m.)           (%)            (’000 sq.m.)           (%)

       Properties developed by independent third-party
         property developers                                            569,633                52.0          524,245                 49.3
       Properties developed by Country Garden Real
         Estate Group (Note 1)                                          526,792                48.0          539,039                 50.7

       Total                                                         1,096,425               100.0         1,063,284               100.0

      Note 1:   Properties developed by Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CG Holdings” or “CGH”) and its subsidiaries (“CGH
                Group”), joint ventures and associates (the “Country Garden Real Estate Group”) independently or jointly with other parties.


      As at 30 June 2026, the revenue-bearing GFA of the Group increased by approximately 33.1 million sq.m. from
      approximately 1,063.3 million sq.m. for the same period in 2025 to approximately 1,096.4 million sq.m., mainly
      due to the increase in revenue-bearing GFA from third parties resulted from the proactive expansion, and the
      conversion of the Group’s reserved contracted GFA of the properties developed by Country Garden Real Estate
      Group into revenue-bearing GFA during the Period.




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026           15
Management Discussion and Analysis


(ii)    Community value-added services

        During the Period, the revenue from community value-added services increased by approximately 18.3% to
        approximately RMB2,307.8 million from approximately RMB1,950.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025,
        accounting for approximately 9.4% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2025, approximately 8.4%).

        The increase in revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to:

        (a)    During the Period, the revenue from local living services increased by approximately 28.9% to approximately
               RMB1,663.8 million from approximately RMB1,290.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

        (b)    During the Period, the revenue from community media services increased by approximately 1.0% to
               approximately RMB180.9 million from approximately RMB179.1 million for the six months ended 30 June
               2025.

        (c)    During the Period, the revenue from home services decreased by approximately 13.1% to approximately
               RMB269.8 million from approximately RMB310.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

        (d)    During the Period, the revenue from community area services increased by approximately 13.3% to
               approximately RMB193.3 million from approximately RMB170.6 million for the six months ended 30 June
               2025.

        The increase in the revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to the growth in revenue
        from liquor products and retail business under local living services.

(iii)   Value-added services to non-property owners

        During the Period, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners decreased by approximately
        20.2% to approximately RMB234.1 million from approximately RMB293.4 million for the six months ended 30 June
        2025, accounting for approximately 1.0% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2025, approximately 1.3%).

        The decrease in revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to the continuous and
        proactive suppression of the transaction scale with related parties by the Group.

DEVELOPING BUSINESS

(i)     “Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

        During the Period, the revenue from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business comprised revenue
        from property management and other related services and heat supply services.

        Revenue from property management and other related services increased by approximately 10.8% to
        approximately RMB4,605.3 million from approximately RMB4,156.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025,
        accounting for approximately 18.8% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2025, approximately 17.9%).

        The revenue from heat supply services decreased by approximately 0.9% to approximately RMB907.4 million from
        approximately RMB915.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, accounting for approximately 3.7% of the
        total revenue (for the same period in 2025, approximately 3.9%).

        The increase in the revenue from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business was mainly attributed to
        progress made in the Group’s market expansion during the Period, and revenue growth arising from an increased
        number of newly signed contracts for living services, production logistics services and production operation
        services.


              16    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


(ii)    Environmental Business

        During the Period, the revenue from environmental business decreased by approximately 12.2% to approximately
        RMB1,519.3 million from approximately RMB1,730.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, accounting
        for approximately 6.2% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2025, approximately 7.5%).

        The decrease in the revenue from environmental business was mainly due to the Group’s prudent approach in
        expanding new projects while proactively withdrawing from certain underperforming environmental sanitation
        projects.

(iii)   Commercial Operational Services

        During the Period, the revenue from commercial operational services decreased by approximately 9.0% to
        approximately RMB270.1 million from approximately RMB296.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025,
        accounting for approximately 1.1% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2025, approximately 1.3%).

        The decrease in the revenue from commercial operational services was attributed to the Group’s strategic
        withdrawal from several loss-making projects in the second half of 2025 as part of its efforts to optimise its
        business structure.

Costs

The Group’s costs include (i) staff costs, (ii) cleaning costs, (iii) heat supply costs, (iv) maintenance costs, (v) utilities, (vi)
greening and gardening costs, (vii) security expenses, (viii) cost of goods sold, (ix) transportation costs, (x) office and
communication costs, (xi) taxes and surcharges, (xii) employee uniform expenses, (xiii) depreciation and amortisation
charges, (xiv) community activities costs, (xv) travelling and entertainment costs, (xvi) construction costs for infrastructure
under service concession arrangements, (xvii) other labor outsourcing costs, and (xviii) others. During the Period,
the costs were approximately RMB20,060.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 6.2% as compared
to approximately RMB18,886.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The increase in costs was mainly
attributable to higher costs associated with the growth of the Group’s property management services, community value-
added services and “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, which exceeded the decreased amount of
the cost related to value-added services to non-property owners, environmental business and commercial operational
services.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

During the Period, the overall gross profit increased by approximately RMB140.8 million to approximately RMB4,439.9
million from approximately RMB4,299.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of
approximately 3.3%.

During the Period, the overall gross profit margin decreased by 0.4 percentage points from approximately 18.5% for
the six months ended 30 June 2025 to approximately 18.1%. The decrease in overall gross profit margin was mainly
attributable to the decrease in the gross profit margins of the developing business.




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026         17
Management Discussion and Analysis


GREATER PROPERTY MANAGEMENT BUSINESS

(i)     Property management services

        During the Period, the gross profit margin of property management services increased by 0.1 percentage points to
        approximately 21.8% from approximately 21.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

        The increase in the gross profit margin of property management services was mainly attributable to (i) the
        enhanced implementation of project-level and refined profit management, using annual targets and plans to drive
        improvements in loss-making and low-margin projects; (ii) deepening the implementation of the PARA strategy
        to expand the use of cleaning robots, AI agents, and smart hardware devices in cleaning operations, security
        management, and customer service, thereby reducing operating costs through human-machine collaboration.

(ii)    Community value-added services

        During the Period, the gross profit margin of community value-added services decreased by 1.7 percentage points
        to approximately 29.9% from approximately 31.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

        Due to the impact from cyclical economic fluctuations, the gross profit margins of certain community value-added
        services of the Group experienced a phased adjustment, which was mainly reflected in the following aspects: (i) a
        significant year-on-year decrease in revenue from one-time services with high gross profit margins such as post-
        construction cleaning for newly completed residential buildings under the home services; (ii) a decrease in the gross
        profit margin of the community media services business due to lower demand for full-package agency services and
        lower unit prices; and (iii) the Group’s strategic expansion of its local living services in the daily consumer goods
        sector, which continuously captured lifestyle scenarios and service touchpoints among its core customer base,
        and continuously unlocked business value through refined and in-depth user operations. As the range of business
        categories expands, the proportion of low margin retail businesses under local living services has been on the rise.

(iii)   Value-added services to non-property owners

        During the Period, the gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners increased by 3.8
        percentage points to approximately 4.2% from approximately 0.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

        The increase in gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to the growth
        in revenue from third-party businesses brought by the active deployment of market-oriented businesses during the
        Period, with the related gross profit increasing as compared to the same period of last year.




           18      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


DEVELOPING BUSINESS

(i)     “Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

        During the Period, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, the gross profit margin of property
        management and other related services decreased from approximately 7.9% for the six months ended 30 June
        2025, to approximately 6.1%, representing a decrease of 1.8 percentage points.

        The gross profit margin of property management and other related services under the “Three Supplies and Property
        Management” declined, primarily due to a shift in the revenue mix, with production and logistics services which
        have low gross profit margins accounting for a larger share.

        During the Period, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, the gross profit margin of heat
        supply services decreased from approximately 6.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2025, to approximately
        4.9%, representing a decrease of 1.7 percentage points.

        The decrease in the gross profit margin of heat supply services under the “Three Supplies and Property
        Management” business was mainly due to the increase in labor costs and raw material prices.

(ii)    Environmental Business

        During the Period, the gross profit margin of environmental business decreased from approximately 13.3% for the
        six months ended 30 June 2025, to approximately 8.3%, representing a decrease of 5.0 percentage points.

        The decline in the gross profit margin of environmental business was mainly due to the intensified market
        competition, which led to lower service prices for some projects, while pressure on the cost persisted, resulting in a
        double squeeze on profit margins.

(iii)   Commercial Operational Services

        During the Period, the gross profit margin of commercial operational services increased from approximately 25.9%
        for the six months ended 30 June 2025, to approximately 34.9%, representing an increase of 9.0 percentage
        points.

        The increase in the gross profit margin of commercial operational services was mainly due to the Group’s strategic
        withdrawal from several loss-making projects in the second half of 2025.

General and Administrative Expenses

During the Period, general and administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB2,000.2 million, representing
a decrease of approximately 9.3% as compared with approximately RMB2,205.4 million for the six months ended
30 June 2025, the ratio of general and administrative expenses to revenue decreased by 1.3 percentage points from
approximately 9.5% for the same period in 2025 to approximately 8.2%. This was mainly attributable to the Group’s
deepened management efficiency enhancement measures as well as optimized management levels and staffing through
platform-based organizational restructuring, thereby effectively compressing general and administrative expenses.
At the same time, the Group increased its spending on research and development (R&D). R&D expenses amounted
to approximately RMB110.6 million for the Period, representing an increase of approximately RMB32.8 million from
approximately RMB77.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026       19
Management Discussion and Analysis


Other Income

During the Period, other income was approximately RMB111.7 million, representing an increase of approximately 34.7%
as compared with approximately RMB82.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

The increase in other income was mainly attributable to the increase in government grants and dividend income from
equity investments in certain entities during the Period as compared to the same period of last year.

Other Losses – Net

During the Period, other losses – net were approximately RMB140.2 million, representing an increase of approximately
RMB2.3 million as compared to approximately RMB137.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

The increase in other losses – net was mainly due to the higher unrealized foreign exchange losses during the Period.

Income Tax Expense

During the Period, income tax expense was approximately RMB300.1 million, representing a decrease of approximately
9.6% as compared to approximately RMB332.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The decrease in income
tax expense was mainly attributable to the decrease in the total profit for the Period of the Group as compared to the
same period of last year.

Profit for the Period

During the Period, the net profit of the Group was approximately RMB948.4 million, representing a decrease of
approximately 5.4% as compared to approximately RMB1,002.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

During the Period, the profit attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB950.3 million,
representing a decrease of approximately 4.6% as compared to approximately RMB996.6 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025.

During the Period, the profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of the Company was approximately RMB-1.9
million, representing a decrease of approximately 131.1% as compared to approximately RMB6.1 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2025.

During the Period, the core net profit* attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB1,618.5 million,
representing an increase of approximately 3.2% as compared to approximately RMB1,567.7 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025.




*    Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding share-based payment expenses, amortisation charges of intangible
     assets – contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions,
     impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities, gains or losses from disposal
     of subsidiaries, expected losses on external guarantee, impairment provision or reversal of receivables from related parties, gains or
     losses on fair value changes of contingent considerations related to performance guarantees, gains or losses associated with the material
     arbitration, and the impact of the related income tax expenses and non-controlling interests arising from the aforementioned adjustments.




         20       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (Non-HKFRS) Financial Measure

To supplement the consolidated results of the Group prepared in accordance with HKFRS, the Company has presented
the core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company as an additional financial measure. This unaudited non-
HKFRS financial measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, measures of the Group’s financial
performance prepared in accordance with HKFRS. In addition, the definitions of such non-HKFRS financial measures
may differ from those used by other companies. As such, this non-HKFRS financial measure may not be comparable to
similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

The Company’s management believes that the non-HKFRS financial measure, by excluding certain non-cash items, non-
operating items and non-recurring items, provides useful supplementary information to both the Company’s management
and investors for assessing the Group’s core operating results and financial performance.

The following table sets forth the reconciliation of the Group’s non-HKFRS financial measures for the six months ended
30 June 2026 and 2025 to the nearest measures prepared in accordance with HKFRS:

                                                                                     For the six months ended
                                                                                                 30 June
                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                (RMB in million, unless otherwise stated)

 Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (HKFRS measures)                           950.3                 996.6
 Adjustments
 Add: share-based payment expenses                                                            59.5                 111.2
 Add: amortisation charges of intangible assets – contracts and customer
        relationships, insurance brokerage licenses and brands arising from
        mergers and acquisitions                                                             502.9                 574.4
 Add: impairment of loans to third parties pledged by equities                               212.5                  42.4
 Add: gains or losses from disposal of subsidiaries                                            1.0                 108.8
 Add: expected losses on external guarantee                                                  128.2                  75.1
 Add: impairment provision or reversal of receivables from related parties                   -17.7                 -94.8
 Add: gains or losses associated with the material arbitration (note 28)                      55.4                     –
 Less: income tax effects of non-HKFRS adjustments                                           235.5                 204.3
 Less: non-controlling interests of non-HKFRS adjustments                                     38.1                  41.7
 Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company
   (non-HKFRS measures)                                                                    1,618.5               1,567.7

Net Cash from Operating Activities during the Period

During the Period, the net cash outflow from operating activities of the Group amounted to approximately RMB749.3
million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025, net cash outflow of approximately RMB875.2 million).

During the Period, the Group’s net cash outflow from operating activities decreased by approximately RMB125.9 million
compared with the six months ended 30 June 2025. During the Period, the Group remained committed to enhancing
the operational efficiency of its projects and improving property owners’ satisfaction. Through project classification and
tiered management as well as refined operations, the Group continued to refine its routine fee collection management
mechanisms. By leveraging the “one household, one file” tool to identify issues accurately and utilizing digital operations
to enhance the property owners’ experience, the Group continued to improve project management quality and property
owners’ satisfaction, and establish a stronger foundation for fee collection.




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026       21
Management Discussion and Analysis


The Equity Attributable to Owners of the Company

The equity attributable to owners of the Company decreased from approximately RMB35,958.3 million as at 31
December 2025, to approximately RMB35,307.3 million as at 30 June 2026, representing a decrease of approximately
RMB651.0 million. This was mainly attributable to the combined effect of: (i) the increase in the equity attributable to the
owners of the Company as a result of the total comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the Company of
approximately RMB923.0 million during the Period, (ii) the decrease in equity attributable to the owners of the Company
as a result of the repurchase of shares by the Company of approximately RMB185.7 million during the Period, and (iii) the
decrease in the equity attributable to the owners of the Company as a result of the declaration of the dividend for year
2025 of approximately RMB1,460.9 million during the Period.

Intangible Assets

The intangible assets of the Group mainly comprise goodwill arising from equity acquisitions, contracts and customer
relationships, software assets, insurance brokerage licenses, brands and concession intangible assets.

As at 30 June 2026, the intangible assets of the Group were approximately RMB19,669.8 million, representing a
decrease of approximately RMB527.2 million compared to approximately RMB20,197.0 million as at 31 December 2025,
which was mainly due to the amortisation arising from the intangible assets of the Group of approximately RMB559.4
million during the Period.

Trade and Other Receivables

Trade and other receivables include trade receivables, other receivables, prepayments to suppliers and prepayments for
other taxes.

As at 30 June 2026, the Group recorded net trade receivables of approximately RMB21,507.1 million, representing an
increase of approximately RMB2,700.3 million compared to approximately RMB18,806.8 million as at 31 December
2025. This was mainly attributable to the increase in revenue scale of the Group’s property management services and
the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business. Meanwhile, the longer collection cycle of customers in the
environmental business also resulted in the corresponding increase in trade receivables.

As at 30 June 2026, the Group recorded trade receivables from CGH and its subsidiaries of approximately RMB2,027.4
million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB21.3 million compared to approximately RMB2,048.7 million
as at 31 December 2025, and approximately RMB16.3 million of the total expected credit loss provision for the trade
receivables from CGH and its subsidiaries was thus reversed accordingly.

The net other receivables increased from approximately RMB4,531.8 million as at 31 December 2025 to approximately
RMB4,650.4 million as at 30 June 2026, representing an increase of approximately RMB118.6 million, which was mainly
due to the increase in advance payments on behalf of property owners and balance with third parties during the Period.

Contract Liabilities

The contract liabilities mainly arose from the advance payments made by customers for relevant services such as
property management services, community value-added services and the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
business, which are yet to be provided.

The contract liabilities decreased from approximately RMB8,877.9 million as at 31 December 2025 to approximately
RMB8,296.4 million as at 30 June 2026, representing a decrease of approximately RMB581.5 million. The decrease in
contract liabilities was mainly due to the fact that the conversion of prior-period advance payments into revenue during
the Period exceeded the newly added advance payments for the Period.




         22      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


Trade and Other Payables

Trade and other payables include trade payables, other payables, contingent consideration for business combinations,
payroll payables and other tax payables.

Trade payables primarily represent payables for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
business from suppliers, including purchase of goods, materials and utilities as well as purchase from sub-contractors.

As at 30 June 2026, trade payables of the Group were approximately RMB10,977.8 million, representing an increase of
approximately RMB1,162.6 million compared to approximately RMB9,815.2 million as at 31 December 2025, primarily
attributable to the higher costs of sales, including increased procurement costs for the relevant goods and materials,
labor outsourcing costs and utilities expenses.

Other payables primarily include (i) deposits from property owners in relation to interior decorations; (ii) temporary receipts
of fees from property owners (mainly consisting of utilities fees collected from property owners and income generated
from common area value-added services that belong to property owners); (iii) provision for financial guarantee; (iv)
consideration payable for the business combination that has not been paid; (v) dividends payable; and (vi) accruals and
others (mainly in relation to balance with third parties and advances).

Other payables increased from approximately RMB5,983.3 million as at 31 December 2025 to approximately
RMB7,849.4 million as at 30 June 2026, primarily due to the increase in dividends payable.

Capital Management

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
in order to provide returns to the Shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
structure so as to minimise the cost of capital.

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to the
Shareholders, issue new shares, or sell assets to reduce debt.

The Group monitors its capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity.
Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents.

As at 30 June 2026, the bank and other borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1,508.1 million (31
December 2025: approximately RMB1,626.8 million). All borrowings due during the Period were repaid on time.

As at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2026, the gearing ratio of the Group was maintained at net cash position.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026        23
Management Discussion and Analysis


Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

As at 30 June 2026, the bank deposits (being cash and cash equivalents, time deposits and restricted bank
deposits) and structured deposits of the Group were approximately RMB16,182.1 million, representing a decrease of
approximately RMB1,748.9 million as compared with approximately RMB17,931.0 million as at 31 December 2025. The
bank deposits and structured deposits were denominated in the following currencies:

                                             30 June 2026                              31 December 2025
                                       (RMB million)                   (%)          (RMB million)                   (%)

 RMB                                        11,460.0                   70.9             14,401.0                   80.3
 HKD                                            71.1                    0.4              2,135.8                   11.9
 Other currencies                            4,651.0                   28.7              1,394.2                    7.8


                                            16,182.1                 100.0              17,931.0                 100.0

Out of the bank deposits and structured deposits of the Group, there are: (i) time deposits of approximately RMB5,887.8
million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB3,979.2 million); (ii) restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB907.4
million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB1,048.2 million); and (iii) structured deposits of approximately
RMB1,151.8 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB1,052.1 million). The restricted bank deposits mainly
represented judicially frozen funds, cash deposits in bank as performance security for property management services
according to the requirements of the local government authorities, and the deposits made as performance security for
business contracts of Country Garden Manguo Environmental Technology Group Co., Ltd. ( 碧桂園滿國環境科技集團有
限公司 ) (“Manguo”) and Fujian Dongfei Environment Group Co., Ltd. ( 福建東飛環境集團有限公司 ) (“Fujian Dongfei”),
the subsidiaries of the Group.

As at 30 June 2026, the net current assets of the Group were approximately RMB12,486.3 million (31 December 2025:
approximately RMB12,971.6 million). The current ratio (current assets/current liabilities) of the Group was approximately
1.4 times (31 December 2025: 1.4 times).

Key Risk Factors and Uncertainties

The following content lists out the key risks and uncertainties confronted by the Group. It is a non-exhaustive list and
there may be other risks and uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.

Industry Risk

The Group’s businesses are affected by the overall economy, market conditions and the policies and regulations of
the property management industry. When there are changes in economic conditions that lead to fluctuations in the
consumption levels and purchasing power of businesses and individuals, these fluctuations may affect the Group’s
business operations and collection of payments for businesses. When there are significant changes in the PRC real
estate market that exceed expectations, these changes may affect the growth of the Group’s revenue-bearing GFA and
related revenue growth. When the government adjusts policies and regulations for property management industry, these
adjustments may have a significant impact on the business strategies of property enterprises (including the Group),
service offerings and charging standards.




         24     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


Business Risk

The Group’s ability to maintain or improve the Group’s current level of profitability depends on the Group’s ability to
control operating costs (particularly labour costs) and the Group’s profit margins and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected by the increase in labour or other operating costs; the Group may not procure new
property management services contracts as planned or at desirable pace or price; the Group may not be able to collect
property management fees from customers and as a result, may incur impairment losses on receivables; termination
or non-renewal of a significant number of the Group’s property management services contracts could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations.

Foreign Exchange Risk

The Group’s businesses were principally located in the PRC. Except for bank deposits, time deposits and trade
receivables denominated in foreign currencies, the Group was not subject to any other material risk directly relating to
foreign exchange fluctuations. The management will continue to monitor the foreign exchange exposure, take prudent
measures and develop hedging strategies as appropriate to reduce foreign exchange risks.

Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at 30 June 2026, the Group had 210,035 employees (31 December 2025: 209,837 employees). During the Period,
the total staff costs were approximately RMB8,839.9 million.

The remuneration package of the employees includes salary, bonus and other cash subsidies. Employees are rewarded
on a performance-related basis, together with reference to the profitability of the Group, remuneration benchmarks in the
industry and prevailing market conditions, in accordance with the policy of the Group on compensation and welfare.

The Group is subject to social insurance contribution plans or other pension schemes prescribed by the local
governments and is required to pay on behalf of its employees, monthly social insurance funds covering pension fund,
medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and unemployment insurance, and the housing
provident fund, or to contribute regularly to mandatory provident fund schemes on behalf of its employees.

Share Schemes

On 9 July 2024, the Shareholders of the Company approved and adopted a share option scheme (the “2024 Share
Option Scheme”). On 22 July 2024, the Company made an offer to grant a total of 225,350,000 share options to 60
employee participants under the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, with the exercise price of the share options
being HKD5.01 per share.

To more effectively fulfill the purpose of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the Shareholders of the Company have
approved and adopted the amendments to (1) the rules of the 2024 Share Option Scheme and (2) the terms of the
granted options on 28 January 2026.

The Board shall have the power to manage the 2024 Share Option Scheme and its decisions, interpretations or rulings
on all matters relating to the 2024 Share Option Scheme shall be final and binding on all parties. The Board shall also
have the power to authorize any Director to exercise any or all of the powers to manage the 2024 Share Option Scheme
through passing of resolutions, including but not limited to the selection of eligible participants and the grant of share
options to grantees under the 2024 Share Option Scheme, subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in the 2024
Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026       25
Management Discussion and Analysis


As at the date of this report, pursuant to the share award scheme adopted on 18 November 2024 (the “Share Award
Scheme”), in accordance with the rules of the Share Award Scheme and the terms of the trust deed, a designated
subsidiary of the Company entrusted the trustee to purchase a total of 109,000,000 shares in the market through the
Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect at a total consideration (including
transaction costs) of approximately RMB556.5 million, and the number of the shares purchased has reached the upper
limit of the scheme.

On 24 April 2026, the Company adopted the implementation plan for the Share Award Scheme and, on the same day,
granted 17,100,000 award shares to eight employee participants pursuant to such plan, at a grant price of HKD5.44 per
share.

Employee Training and Development

The Group focuses on building a comprehensive talent development system to conduct in-depth research into the key
competencies required at each stage of employees’ career development. By focusing on enhancing capabilities and
professional development, it strengthened the cultivation of its talent pipeline, and meticulously crafted a comprehensive,
multi-tiered talent development system to support employees in enhancing their professional competitiveness.

In order to improve employees’ ability to adapt to current business changes and to more effectively support business
growth, the Group has launched regular learning programmes such as “One Moment ( 一刻堂 )” and “Regular Meeting
Learning ( 例 會 學 習 )” to ensure that business competencies are effectively cascaded down through the organization.
Meanwhile, leveraging the online learning platform “BIXUETANG College ( 碧學堂 )”, the Group meets the daily learning
needs of Group employees by organizing themed learning months and introducing external courses. As of 30 June 2026,
“BIXUETANG College” had launched a cumulative total of 2,103 courses and operated 15,644 learning programmes,
with an average learning duration per employee of 84.94 hours.

In order to enhance the ability of core management personnel to address future business challenges, the Group has
designed talent development projects such as the “Rising Stars Programme ( 新 銳 計 劃 )”, “Cornerstone Programme
( 基 石 計 劃 )”, “Leadership Programme ( 領 軍 計 劃 )”, and “Defense Officer Programme ( 碧 防 官 計 劃 )”, which target
key groups. By establishing role profiles and evaluation systems for critical positions, the Group identifies employees’
competency gaps and matches them with training and practical projects, thereby comprehensively improving their
business and management capabilities. Meanwhile, the Group launched the “Succession Programme ( 繼任者計劃 )” in
2026 to effectively build a talent pipeline. Through an “Evaluate – Learn – Practice – Compete ( 評 – 學 – 行 – 賽 )” training
and assessment process, the programme identifies executives with development potential to cultivate a pool of versatile
senior management talent for the Group.

Charge on Assets

As at 30 June 2026, several subsidiaries of the Group carried out borrowing and sale and leaseback financing loan
business with banks and financial leasing companies to meet their respective daily operational needs. These were mainly
secured by rights of collection of certain of their respective environmental business projects and certain equipment and
land use rights.

To address exchange rate fluctuations and lock in returns, certain time deposits of the Group were pledged for foreign
exchange forward contracts. As at 30 June 2026, time deposits of RMB2,200,878,000 were pledged for foreign
exchange forward contracts. As at 31 December 2025, time deposits of RMB1,888,087,000 had been pledged for
foreign exchange forward contracts, and subsequently in February 2026, such foreign exchange forward contracts
matured and the corresponding time deposits were released from pledge.




         26      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


Contingent Liabilities

Please refer to the contingent considerations arising from business combination in note 23, and to note 28 to the interim
financial information in this report for details of contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026. Save as disclosed, the Group did
not have any other contingent liabilities.

External Guarantee

As at 30 June 2026, save as disclosed in note 26 to the interim financial information in this report, the Group did not have
any other external guarantee.

Material Acquisitions, Disposals and Significant Investments

During the Period, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals and no individually significant investments.

Interim Dividend

The final dividend and special dividend in respect of year ended 31 December 2025 is RMB4.62 cents (equivalent
to Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 5.32 cents) per share and RMB41.79 cents (equivalent to HKD48.05 cents) per share
respectively, totalling approximately RMB1,511,449,000. Such final dividend and special dividend have been approved
at the annual general meeting of the Company on 29 May 2026 and have been settled partly in new shares of the
Company, and partly in cash on 21 August 2026. The number of ordinary shares to be issued and settled by way of scrip
dividend amounts to 67,487,030 shares, the total amount of dividend to be settled via scrip dividend is approximately
RMB321,104,000, while the cash dividend amounts to approximately RMB1,190,345,000. Of which, approximately
RMB50,586,000 has been paid to the Company’s Share Award Scheme.

Approximately RMB252,401,000 among the cash dividend has been set off against the interest and principal of the loan
due from the related parties (as referred to in note 17 to the interim financial information in this report).

The Board has resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended
30 June 2025: nil).


MAJOR EVENTS DURING THE PERIOD
Amendments to the Rules of the 2024 Share Option Scheme and the Terms of the Granted Options Approved
by the Shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting

On 9 July 2024, the Shareholders approved and adopted the 2024 Share Option Scheme. To more effectively fulfill
the purpose of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the Board resolved on 23 December 2025 to propose amendments
to (1) the rules of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, and (2) the terms of the granted options, which were subsequently
approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 28 January 2026. For further
details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 23 December 2025 and 28 January 2026, as well as the
Company’s circular dated 8 January 2026.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026        27
Management Discussion and Analysis


Announcement Made pursuant to Rules 13.51B(2) and 13.51(2)(n) of the Listing Rules

In respect of the announcement dated 10 February 2026 of CG Holdings in relation to the matter that CG Holdings,
Ms. YANG Huiyan (“Ms. YANG”) (the executive director and chairman of CG Holdings), and other named persons
recently received the “Decision on Disciplinary Action” (the “Decision on Disciplinary Action”) issued by the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (the “SSE”), due to the failure of CG Holdings to timely disclose certain overdue debts of CG Holdings
in accordance with the relevant bond listing rules of the SSE, the SSE made the decision to impose self-regulatory
measures on CG Holdings, Ms. YANG and other named persons (collectively, “Such Persons”) respectively, and issued
a circulated criticism to CG Holdings and Such Persons and recorded it in the integrity file database.

The Board has made enquiries with Ms. YANG in relation to the above matter and reviewed the Decision on Disciplinary
Action. As stated in the announcement of CG Holdings dated 10 February 2026, considering that the relevant non-
compliance was caused by the failure of CG Holdings to disclose overdue debts in a timely manner due to objective
factors and was not due to the failure of the relevant individuals to discharge their duties, the Board (except Ms. YANG)
believes that there is no reason to doubt the integrity and ability of Ms. YANG, and that it is appropriate for her to
continue serving as the chairman and a non-executive director of the Company. Please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 11 February 2026 for further details.

Change of the Address of Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong

The Company’s address of principal place of business in Hong Kong has been changed from 4th Floor, Ruttonjee House,
Ruttonjee Centre, 3–11 Duddell Street, Central, Hong Kong to Unit 1603, 16th Floor, Ruttonjee House, Ruttonjee Centre,
3–11 Duddell Street, Central, Hong Kong with effect from 17 June 2026. Please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 16 June 2026 for further details.


EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD
There was no significant event affecting the Group that occurred after 30 June 2026 and up to the date of this report.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an audit committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), where at least one member possesses
appropriate professional qualifications in accounting or related financial management expertise in discharging the
responsibility of the audit committee. The audit committee currently consists of four independent non-executive Directors,
namely Mr. RUI Meng, Mr. MEI Wenjue, Mr. CHEN Weiru and Mr. ZHAO Jun. Mr. RUI Meng is the chairman of the
committee. The primary duties of the audit committee include assisting the Board in providing an independent view of the
effectiveness of the Group’s financial reporting process, internal control and risk management system and overseeing the
audit process.

The audit committee has reviewed this report, the unaudited interim results for the Period and the significant accounting
policies and standards adopted by the Group, and has reviewed the risk control and internal audit report submitted by
the management. In addition, the independent auditor of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, has reviewed the
unaudited interim financial information for the Period in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




         28      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND
                                      OTHER INFORMATION
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the
Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the code provisions in the
Corporate Governance Code (“Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its
own code of corporate governance.

During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company had complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the
Corporate Governance Code.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by its
Directors and employees (the “Securities Dealing Code”).

The Company has made specific enquiries to all Directors on whether the Directors have complied with the required
standard as set out in the Model Code during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and all Directors have confirmed that
they have complied with the Model Code and the Securities Dealing Code throughout the Period. No incident of non-
compliance was found by the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2026. Relevant employees who are likely
to be in possession of inside information of the Group are also subject to compliance with written guidelines on no less
exacting terms than the Model Code.


CHANGES OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER
Changes of information on the Directors and chief executive officer which are required to be disclosed under Rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are set out below.

Mr. Chen Weiru, Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Chen served as an associate professor of strategy at China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院 )
from August 2020 and was promoted to professor in January 2026.

In May 2026, Mr. Chen retired upon the expiry of his term of office as an independent director of the board at Jack
Technology Co., Ltd. ( 傑克科技股份有限公司 ) (formerly known as Jack Sewing Machine Co., Ltd. ( 傑克縫紉機股份有
限公司 ), a company listed on the SSE (stock code: 603337)).

During the six months ended 30 June 2026, save as disclosed above, there is no other information that is required to be
disclosed under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026      29
Corporate Governance and Other Information



REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES
During the Period, the Company repurchased a total of 34,995,000 Shares of the Company on The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) at a total consideration of HKD208,343,609 (before all the relevant
expenses). The Company cancelled 24,124,000 Shares of the Company in March 2026, and the remaining Shares
repurchased will be subsequently cancelled but have not yet been cancelled during the Period. Details of the Shares
repurchased during the Period were as follows:

                                                                                                                        Total
                                                 Number of                                                     consideration
                                                    Shares                                                   (before relevant
 Month                                         repurchased            Purchase price per Share                    expenses)
                                                                         Highest            Lowest

 January 2026                                    17,815,000                   6.40                  6.02         111,006,189
 February 2026                                    6,309,000                   6.48                  6.26          40,206,810
 June 2026                                       10,871,000                   5.95                  4.81          57,130,610


                                                 34,995,000                                                      208,343,609

The purpose of such Share repurchase was to increase the returns for the Shareholders and to reflect the Company’s
confidence in its business prospects, and was beneficial to all Shareholders.

As at 30 June 2026, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,258,334,489 Shares. Save as disclosed
above, during the Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including any sale or transfer of treasury shares (as defined in the Listing Rules)). As at 30
June 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury share.


EQUITY FUND-RAISING ACTIVITIES AND USES OF PROCEEDS
During the Period, the Company did not conduct any equity fund-raising activity. The proceeds from equity fund-raising
activities of the Company since listing have been fully utilized in the prior years. For details, please refer to the sections on
“EQUITY FUND-RAISING ACTIVITIES AND USES OF PROCEEDS” in the Company’s annual reports for 2018 to 2022.




         30       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                Corporate Governance and Other Information



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
2024 Share Option Scheme

On 9 July 2024, the 2024 Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Shareholders and a Board meeting
was held on 18 November 2024 to allow the use of treasury shares for the grant of Shares to enable more flexibility.
Subsequently, the Shareholders approved amendments to (1) the rules of the 2024 Share Option Scheme and (2) the
terms of the granted options at the Company’s extraordinary general meeting held on 28 January 2026. For details
of these amendments, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 23 December 2025, and the Company’s
circular dated 8 January 2026. The 2024 Share Option Scheme is for a term of 10 years from the date of its adoption
and will expire on 8 July 2034. A summary of the principal terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme is set out as follows：

(i)     Purpose

        •     To motivate the eligible participants to work hard for the Group’s future development by providing them with
              an opportunity to acquire the Shares of the Company, thereby promoting long-term stable development of
              the Group;

        •     To provide the eligible participants with incentives and/or rewards for their contributions to the Group; and

        •     To enhance the Group’s ability to attract and retain individuals with outstanding skills and extensive
              experience.

(ii)    Eligible participants

        Eligible participants for the 2024 Share Option Scheme include the employee participants and the service providers.

(iii)   Total number of Shares which may be issued and its percentage of the Shares in issue as at the date of
        this report

        •     The maximum number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the 2024 Share Option Scheme will be
              334,302,033 Shares, which shall not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue at the date of the
              adoption of the 2024 Share Option Scheme (excluding treasury shares).

        •     The maximum number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options to be granted under the 2024
              Share Option Scheme to the service providers will be 66,860,406 Shares, which shall not exceed 2% of the
              total number of Shares in issue at the date of the adoption of the 2024 Share Option Scheme (excluding
              treasury shares).

        As at the date of this report, a total of 331,384,533 Shares, representing approximately 9.96% of the issued share
        capital (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at the date of this report, were available for issue under the
        2024 Share Option Scheme, including those granted but not yet lapsed or exercised options which may subscribe
        for 214,563,750 Shares.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026       31
Corporate Governance and Other Information


(iv)   Maximum entitlement to options of each eligible participant

       For any twelve (12)-month period up to and including the grant date, the aggregate number of Shares issued and
       to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted to such eligible participant (excluding any options and
       awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant schemes) shall not in aggregate exceed 1% of the
       total number of Shares in issue as at the grant date (excluding treasury shares). Where the grant of options to such
       eligible participant (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant scheme)
       would result in the number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be
       granted to such eligible participants in the twelve (12)-month period up to and including the grant date representing
       in aggregate in excess of 1% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the grant date (excluding treasury shares),
       such grant of options shall be separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting with such eligible
       participant and his close associates (or associates if the eligible participant is a connected person) abstaining from
       voting.

(v)    Exercise period of options

       An option may (and may only) be exercised by the grantee at any time or times during the option period subject
       to any provisions for early termination contained in the 2024 Share Option Scheme. The option period shall not
       exceed the period of ten (10) years from the grant date and shall be determined by the Board in its absolute
       discretion to the grantee in the offer letter.

(vi)   Vesting period of options

       The vesting period of options shall be set by the Board at the time of grant, which shall be no less than twelve (12)
       months from the acceptance date. The options of eligible participants shall not have a shorter vesting period which
       is less than 12 months, unless a shorter vesting period is approved by the Remuneration Committee and the Board
       for the Shares granted to the specified eligible participant.

(vii) Payment on acceptance of option offer

       An option shall be deemed to be granted and accepted by a grantee and become effective when the duplicate
       offer letter constituting acceptance of the option is duly signed by the grantee, together with a payment in favour of
       the Company of HKD1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof, is received by the Company on or before
       the relevant acceptance date. Payment of consideration for the grant shall in no circumstances be refundable.

(viii) Basis for determining the exercise price

       The exercise price shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board, but in any case, at least the higher
       of: (a) the closing price of the Shares on the date of grant (which must be a business day) as stated on the daily
       quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange; and (b) the average closing price of the Shares for the five (5) business
       days before the date of grant as stated on the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange; provided that in the
       event of fractional prices, the exercise price per Share shall be rounded upwards to the nearest whole cent.

(ix)   Remaining life of the scheme

       The 2024 Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years commencing from the
       adoption date, after which period no further options will be offered or granted but the provisions of the 2024 Share
       Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects with respect to options granted during the
       life of the 2024 Share Option Scheme.




          32      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                  Corporate Governance and Other Information


(x)   Movement and position

      During the Period, details of movements in the share options under the 2024 Share Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                              Options to subscribe for Shares
                                  Outstanding                                                                Outstanding    Exercise
                                         as at     Granted        Exercised     Cancelled          Lapsed           as at   price per
        Category and                1 January        during          during         during          during       30 June       Share
        name of grantee                  2026    the Period      the Period     the Period      the Period          2026       (HKD) Date of grant   Exercise period

        Directors
        Mr. Xu Binhuai             12,000,000            –                –              –              –     12,000,000        5.01 22.07.2024      Vesting date(6) –
                                                                                                                                                      21 July 2034
        Mr. Xiao Hua                5,000,000            –                –              –              –      5,000,000        5.01 22.07.2024      Vesting date(6) –
                                                                                                                                                      21 July 2034


        Sub-total of Directors     17,000,000            –                –              –              –     17,000,000


        Employee participants     202,658,750            –       2,657,500               –      2,437,500    197,563,750        5.01 22.07.2024      Vesting date(6) –
         (other than Directors)                                                                                                                       21 July 2034


        Total                     219,658,750            –       2,657,500               –      2,437,500    214,563,750

      Notes:

      (1)       The Company granted share options to eligible participants (all being employees of the Group) to subscribe for an aggregate of
                225,350,000 Shares pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme on 22 July 2024. Although the vesting period for
                the first batch of share options under such grant is less than 12 months, the overall grant has a mixed schedule where the share
                options may vest over a period from 1 April 2025 to 1 April 2030 and each is attached with performance-based vesting conditions.
                These circumstances are specifically permitted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme for a shorter vesting period. The Board also
                considers that this is appropriate as part of the competitive terms and conditions to reward exceptional performers with accelerated
                vesting and to motivate exceptional performers based on performance metrics. With respect to the grants to the Directors, the
                Remuneration Committee is of the view that, in addition to the above and taking into account (i) the demonstrated contributions of
                the grantees to the overall operations, development and growth of the Group; and (ii) a majority of the share options are subject
                to a longer vesting period, which will ensure that the long-term interests of the grantees and the Company are aligned and the
                grantees will be motivated to contribute to the Company’s development, a shorter vesting period for the first batch of share options
                is appropriate.

      (2)       The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of grant (22 July 2024) was HKD4.87 per Share, and the fair value of
                the Shares at the date of grant was approximately RMB531,422,817. The expense of share options charged to profit or loss during
                the Period was approximately RMB56.1 million (for the corresponding period in 2025: RMB111.2 million), mainly because, upon
                granting the relevant share options, the Company is required to recognise the fair value of the relevant share options as at the grant
                date as an expense by amortising it over the vesting period. The relevant accounting policy is described in Note 44.19 “Share-based
                payments” to the consolidated financial statements in the 2025 annual report of the Company dated 24 April 2026.




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026             33
Corporate Governance and Other Information


  (3)    During the Period, the Company allotted and issued 2,657,500 Shares upon the exercise of share options by employee participants
         (excluding Directors). The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before 5 January 2026, 15 January 2026, 16
         January 2026, 20 January 2026, 30 January 2026, 6 March 2026, 24 March 2026, 10 April 2026, 13 April 2026, 14 April 2026,
         17 April 2026, 21 April 2026, 23 April 2026, 24 April 2026, 27 April 2026, 28 April 2026, 29 April 2026, 5 May 2026, 7 May 2026,
         11 May 2026, 13 May 2026 and 14 May 2026, being the dates of exercising the share options, was HKD6.29 per Share. No share
         options were cancelled by the Company during the Period.

  (4)    As at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026, the number of share options available for grant under the 2024 Share Option Scheme to
         subscribe for the relevant Shares was 114,383,283 and 116,820,783, respectively, and the number of share options available for
         grant under the service provider sublimit to subscribe for the relevant Shares was 66,860,406 and 66,860,406, respectively.

  (5)    All the eligible participants with options granted on 22 July 2024 were the employees of the Group, who were not (i) participants
         with the Shares granted exceeding the 1% individual limit and (ii) related entity participants or service providers with the Shares
         granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue of the Company.

  (6)    The Company granted share options to eligible participants (all being employees of the Group) to subscribe for an aggregate of
         225,350,000 Shares pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme on 22 July 2024. The vesting dates of these share
         options are as follows, and the vesting period is from 22 July 2024 to the relevant vesting date in below table:


               Batch                               Percentage     Vesting dates


               The first batch of share options           25%     1 April 2025 or 1 April 2026 (subject to the fulfillment of vesting
                                                                    conditions, the same below)
               The second batch of share options          20%     1 April 2026 or 1 April 2027
               The third batch of share options           20%     1 April 2027 or 1 April 2028
               The fourth batch of share options          20%     1 April 2028 or 1 April 2029
               The fifth batch of share options           15%     1 April 2029 or 1 April 2030

         The share options granted as aforesaid will vest in the relevant grantees upon the satisfaction of the relevant vesting conditions
         relating to (a) the Company’s performance targets and (b) individual’s performance targets.

         (a)        The Company’s Performance Targets

         (i)        Share Option Batch One:                The Group’s service power, brand power and development speed (the year-on-
                                                           year growth rate of the Company’s revenue for the year ended 31 December
                                                           2024 as compared to the previous year) exceed the average year-on-year
                                                           growth rate of the revenue for the same period of the top 20 listed peers which
                                                           publish their audited annual results for 2023 no later than 31 March 2024
                                                           in terms of revenue for the year ended 31 December 2023 other than the
                                                           Company (the “Comparable Companies”) (the “2024 Target for Revenue
                                                           Growth Rate”), and meanwhile, the profit of the Group’s core business for the
                                                           year ended 31 December 2024 maintains steady. The Board will evaluate the
                                                           development quality of the Group and determine the vesting results before the
                                                           vesting date.

                                                           In the event of failure to achieve the 2024 Target for Revenue Growth Rate, the
                                                           evaluation may be extended for another year. In this event, the 2024 Target
                                                           for Revenue Growth Rate shall be deemed to be achieved by the compound
                                                           annual growth rate of the revenue of the Company for the year ending 31
                                                           December 2025 exceeding the compound annual growth rate of revenue of
                                                           the Comparable Companies for the same period based on the revenue of the
                                                           Company for the year ended 31 December 2023, and with all other vesting
                                                           conditions being achieved, such batch of share options can be vested to the
                                                           relevant grantees.




        34         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                 Corporate Governance and Other Information



(ii)    Share Option Batch Two:             The Group’s service power, brand power and development speed (the year-on-
                                            year growth rate of the Company’s revenue in the statements for the year ended
                                            31 December 2025 as compared to the previous year) exceed the average year-
                                            on-year growth rate of the revenue for the same period of the New Comparable
                                            Companies (as defined on page 22 of the Company’s circular dated 8 January
                                            2026) (the “2025 Target for Revenue Growth Rate”), and meanwhile, the
                                            profit of the Group’s core business for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                            maintains steady. The Board will evaluate the development quality of the Group
                                            and determine the vesting results before the relevant vesting date.

                                            In the event of failure to achieve the 2025 Target for Revenue Growth Rate, the
                                            evaluation may be extended for another year. In this event, the 2025 Target for
                                            Revenue Growth Rate shall be deemed to be achieved by the compound annual
                                            growth rate of the revenue of the Company for the year ended 31 December
                                            2026 as shown in the financial statements exceeding the average compound
                                            annual growth rate of revenue of the New Comparable Companies for the same
                                            period based on the revenue of the Company for the year ended 31 December
                                            2024 as shown in the financial statements, and with all other vesting conditions
                                            being achieved, such batch of share options can be vested to the relevant
                                            grantees.

(iii)   Share Option Batch Three to Share   The Group’s service power, brand power and development speed (the year-on-
          Option Batch Five:                year growth rate of the Company’s revenue for the year ended 31 December
                                            2026# under appraisal as compared to the previous year) exceed the average
                                            year-on-year growth rate of the revenue for the same period of the New
                                            Comparable Companies (the “2026# Target for Revenue Growth Rate”),
                                            and meanwhile, the profit of the Group’s core business for the year ended 31
                                            December 2026# maintains steady. The Board will evaluate the development
                                            quality of the Group and determine the vesting results before the relevant
                                            vesting date.

                                            In the event of failure to achieve the 2026# Target for Revenue Growth Rate, the
                                            evaluation may be extended for another year. In this event, the 2026# Target for
                                            Revenue Growth Rate shall be deemed to be achieved by the compound annual
                                            growth rate of the revenue of the Company for the year ended 31 December
                                            2027+ under appraisal exceeding the average compound annual growth rate
                                            of revenue of the New Comparable Companies for the same period based on
                                            the revenue of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025-under
                                            appraisal, and with all other vesting conditions being achieved, such batch of
                                            share options can be vested to the relevant grantees.

                                            *     For Share Option Batch One, the revenue of the Company and that of
                                                  the Comparable Companies in the vesting conditions both refer to the
                                                  revenue as shown in the audited consolidated financial statements.

                                                  For Share Option Batch Two, the revenue of the Company as shown in
                                                  the financial statements and that of the New Comparable Companies in
                                                  the vesting conditions both refer to the revenue as shown in the audited
                                                  consolidated financial statements.

                                                  For Share Option Batch Three to Share Option Batch Five, revenue of the
                                                  Company under appraisal in the vesting conditions refers to the segment
                                                  revenue from property management and related services other than the
                                                   “Three Supplies and Property Management” business (which mainly
                                                  include property management services, community value-added services
                                                  and value-added services to non-property owners) (including the reversal
                                                  of unrecognized revenue from risky customers) + segment revenue from
                                                  city service (including the reversal of unrecognized revenue from risky
                                                  customers, but excluding revenue from environmental business);

                                                  while revenue of the New Comparable Companies refers to the revenue as
                                                  shown in the audited consolidated financial statements.




                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026            35
Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                        #
                                                               For Share Option Batch Four to Share Option Batch Five, it shall be 2027
                                                               and 2028, respectively.

                                                        –
                                                               For Share Option Batch Four to Share Option Batch Five, it shall be 2026
                                                               and 2027, respectively.

                                                        +
                                                               For Share Option Batch Four to Share Option Batch Five, it shall be 2028
                                                               and 2029, respectively.

         (b)    Individual’s Performance Targets

         (i)    Share Option Batch One:                 The relevant grantee having achieved the individual’s annual performance targets
                                                        set by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024, for e.g.: (a) financial
                                                        performance of the business under the grantees’ responsibility (e.g., cash flow,
                                                        revenue, profit, comprehensive collection rate); (b) operating performance of
                                                        the business under the grantees’ responsibility (e.g., product competitiveness,
                                                        market penetration, operating efficiency and business health); and/or (c)
                                                        mechanism construction, team growth, model innovation, learning and growth,
                                                        etc. Specific targets are determined by the Company on an annual basis, with
                                                        differentiated requirements tailored to different categories of grantees. For
                                                        details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 22 July 2024.

         (ii)   Share Option Batch Two to               The relevant grantee having achieved the individual’s annual performance
                  Share Option Batch Five:              targets set by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 #, for e.g.:
                                                        (a) financial performance of the business under the grantees’ responsibility
                                                        (e.g., cash flow, revenue, profit, comprehensive collection rate); (b) operating
                                                        performance of the business under the grantees’ responsibility (e.g., product
                                                        competitiveness, market penetration, operating efficiency and business health);
                                                        and/or (c) mechanism construction, team growth, model innovation, learning
                                                        and growth, etc. The relevant individual performance targets set above shall be
                                                        determined by the Board or its authorised internal organization of the Company
                                                        during the first quarter of each financial year in principle, based on the actual
                                                        situation of the Group during the relevant year. The performance assessment
                                                        determining whether the relevant grantee has achieved the aforementioned
                                                        individual performance targets will be conducted prior to the vesting of the
                                                        relevant share options.

                                                        #
                                                               For Share Option Batch Three to Share Option Batch Five, it shall be
                                                               2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.

  (7)    During the Period, the Company did not grant any share options, and accordingly, total number of Shares which may be issued
         upon the exercise of the share options granted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme divided by the weighted average number of
         Shares (excluding treasury shares) in issue during the Period is nil.


  Save as disclosed above, no outstanding options had been exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the 2024 Share
  Option Scheme during the reporting period.




        36      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                              Corporate Governance and Other Information



SHARE AWARD SCHEME
On 18 November 2024, the Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board of the Company.
Subsequently, on 24 April 2026, the implementation plan for the Share Award Scheme was approved by the Board,
and superseded the original key terms of the Share Award Scheme for adjustments to the scope of eligible participants,
vesting rules and principles of performance appraisal. The term is 10 years from the date of its adoption and will expire
on 17 November 2034. A summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme is set out as follows:

(i)     Purpose

        The Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company with the following objectives: (i) to incentivize core talents
        who play an important role in the future operations and development of the Company; (ii) to reward selected
        participants for their contributions to the Company.

(ii)    Eligible participants

        The scope of the eligible participants includes:

        •     Directors and/or employees of the Group who hold certain key positions within the Group (i.e. selected
              employee participants);

        •     Other individuals who the Board believes provide services beneficial to the long-term development of the
              Group (i.e. service providers).

        The participants will be excluded from the scheme if they meet any of the following conditions, among others:

        •     No longer employed by the Group or the designated company by the Company or holding a key
              management position within the Group or providing services to the Group;

        •     Committing serious misconduct(s) such as fraud, dishonesty, gross negligence, bribery, corruption, theft,
              disclosure of commercial and technical secrets, or non-compliance with internal guidelines;

        •     Bankruptcy or inability to repay debts; and

        •     Other circumstances determined by the performance management working group.

(iii)   Total number of Shares which may be granted pursuant to the scheme and its percentage of the Shares
        in issue as at the date of this report

        •     The maximum number of Shares which may be granted pursuant to the Share Award Scheme must not
              exceed 109,000,000 Shares.

        •     As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares which may be granted pursuant to the Share Award
              Scheme was 91,900,000 Shares (including Shares acquired but not yet granted), representing approximately
              2.76% of issued share capital (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at the date of this report.

(iv)    Maximum entitlement to award shares of each eligible participant

        The maximum number of award shares may be granted to a selected participant pursuant to the Share Award
        Scheme must not exceed 33,430,000 Shares.




                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026      37
Corporate Governance and Other Information


(v)    Exercise period of options pursuant to the Share Award Scheme by the grantee

       Not applicable

(vi)   Vesting period of the award shares

       The relevant selected participants shall complete the acceptance of awards prior to the vesting deadline indicated
       in the grant notice, failing which the award shall be forfeited in accordance with the terms of the Share Award
       Scheme.

(vii) Payment on acceptance of award

       The Board may determine the amount payable on acceptance of the award (if any) and the period within which
       payments must be or may be made (or loans for such purposes must be repaid).

(viii) Basis for determining the purchase price of award shares (if any)

       The grant price is determined by the Board and the performance management working group, taking into account
       factors such as the exercise price of options recently granted pursuant to the Company’s share option scheme, the
       price at which the Company has purchased Shares through a trust, and the operating costs of the management
       plan.

(ix)   Remaining life of the scheme

       Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the scheme rules, the Share
       Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten (10) years commencing on the adoption date. The
       provisions of the scheme will remain fully effective and applicable to awards granted but not yet vested during the
       scheme period. The trust duration should be no less than the scheme period, starting from the establishment of the
       trust plan.

(x)    Movement and status

       From the date of adopting the Share Award Scheme to the date of this report, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
       Company established a trust within China as the settlor pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, and pursuant to the
       trust deed with the trustee (an independent third-party trust company), the trustee has purchased an aggregate
       of 109,000,000 award shares through market transactions, using RMB through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
       Connect and/or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanisms. On 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026,
       Shares that may be awarded pursuant to the Share Award Scheme were 109,000,000 Shares and 91,900,000
       Shares respectively.




          38      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                 Corporate Governance and Other Information


During the Period, details of movement in the award shares under the Share Award Scheme are as follows:

                             Number of                                                                                                          Closing price
                           award shares                                                                                                         of the award
                                granted                                                            Number of                                           shares
                                 but not                                                        award shares                                          granted
                             yet vested                                                          granted but                                     immediately
                                   as at     Granted       Vested      Cancelled        Lapsed not yet vested                                     prior to the
                              1 January        during       during         during        during          as at                   Grant price    date of grant
 Category of grantee               2026    the Period   the Period     the Period    the period 30 June 2026     Date of grant        (HKD)             (HKD)

 Employee participants
  (other than Directors)              –    17,100,000           –              –             –      17,100,000     24.04.2026          5.44               6.2


 Total                                –    17,100,000           –              –             –      17,100,000

(1)      The vesting dates for the aforementioned award shares are as follows, and the vesting period is from 24 April
         2026 to the relevant vesting date in below table:

          Batch                                         Percentage        Vesting dates


          The first batch of award shares                        20%      In principle, 1 April 2027, or 1 April 2028 (whichever date the actual
            granted                                                          vesting conditions are met; the same applies below)
          The second batch of award shares                       20%      In principle, 1 April 2028, or 1 April 2029
            granted
          The third batch of award shares                        20%      In principle, 1 April 2029, or 1 April 2030
            granted
          The fourth batch of award shares                       20%      In principle, 1 April 2030, or 1 April 2031
            granted
          The fifth batch of award shares                        20%      In principle, 1 April 2031, or 1 April 2032
            granted

         Upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions relating to (a) the Company’s performance targets and (b)
         individual’s performance targets, the award shares will vest over a period of five years from the date of grant,
         with 20% vesting annually (except where vesting is deferred due to a deferred performance review).

(2)      The fair value of award shares at the date of grant was approximately RMB43,887,000, which was calculated
         based on the closing price of the Shares of the Company at the grant date, and expected dividends during
         the vesting period were taken into account when assessing the fair value of such award shares. The expense
         of share awards charged to profit or loss during the Period was approximately RMB3.4 million (for the
         corresponding period in 2025: N/A), mainly because, upon granting the relevant award shares, the Company
         is required to recognise the fair value of the relevant award shares as at the grant date as an expense by
         amortising it over the vesting period. For details on the related accounting treatment, please refer to “share-
         based payments” in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements of this report.

As the source of the Shares that may be awarded does not include the issue of new Shares, the number of Shares
that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the Period divided by the
weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury shares) in issue during the Period is not applicable.

Save as disclosed above, no other share option scheme or share award scheme has been established by the
Company.




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026                   39
INTEREST DISCLOSURE

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the Shares
of the Company, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)), which were
required to be entered in the register pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

Long positions in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                           Number of
                                                                          interests in                              % of total
                                                                           underlying                                Shares in
                                                                         shares held                               issue as at
                                                        Number of       under equity                                  30 June      Number of
  Name of Director          Capacity                   Shares held        derivatives                 Total              2026 debentures held

  Ms. Yang Huiyan           Interest of controlled   1,218,336,100(1)               –       1,218,336,100              37.39%                    –
                               corporation and
                               other interests

  Mr. Xu Binhuai            Beneficial owner             1,240,667(2)     12,000,000(4)        13,240,667               0.41%                    –

  Mr. Xiao Hua              Beneficial owner               755,795(3)      5,000,000(4)          5,755,795              0.18%                    –

Notes:

As at 30 June 2026, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,258,334,489 Shares.

(1)      As at 30 June 2026, Concrete Win Limited (“Concrete Win” or the “Donor”) and Fortune Warrior Global Limited (“Fortune Warrior”)
         held 418,332,094 Shares and 125,363,139 Shares, respectively. Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior are beneficially wholly-owned by Ms.
         Yang Huiyan. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Yang Huiyan is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares which Concrete Win and
         Fortune Warrior were interested in. On 8 May 2025, the Company (as the chargee) entered into the deed of share charge with Concrete
         Win and Fortune Warrior (as the chargors) in respect of the secured assets, including a total of 543,695,233 Shares of the Company
         beneficially held by Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior, to secure the repayment and settlement of the principal and interest of the loan
         and the secured debts in an aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (or HKD equivalent) provided by the Company to Concrete
         Win and Fortune Warrior. On 29 July 2023, Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win entered into a deed of gift with Guoqiang Public Welfare
         Foundation (Hong Kong) Limited (“Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong)”) (the “Deed of Gift”). Pursuant to the Deed of
         Gift, the Donor donated 674,640,867 Shares (the “Donation Shares”) to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) for charitable
         purposes, and appointed Ms. Yang Huiyan and the Donor or their designated person(s) as proxies to exercise the voting rights in respect
         of the Donation Shares on behalf of Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) at the discretion of Ms. Yang Huiyan and the Donor.
         Ms. Yang Huiyan continued to directly and indirectly control the voting rights in respect of 1,218,336,100 Shares, which include the voting
         rights in respect of the Donation Shares.

(2)      These Shares represent 240,000 Shares held by Mr. Xu Binhuai which were purchased in the secondary market and 1,000,667 Shares
         issued to Mr. Xu Binhuai upon his exercise of the options granted to him under a pre-listing share option scheme adopted by the then
         shareholders of the Company on 13 March 2018, which was subsequently amended by a resolution passed at the extraordinary general
         meeting held on 7 November 2019 (“Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme”).




            40        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                      Interest Disclosure


(3)     These Shares represent 37 Shares distributed to Mr. Xiao Hua by virtue of the shares of CGH held by him prior to the spin-off of the
        Company from CGH and separate listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, 5,558 Shares received by Mr. Xiao Hua as the
        distributed final dividend of CG Services for 2020 and 750,200 Shares issued to Mr. Xiao Hua upon his exercise of the options granted to
        him under the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme.

(4)     The relevant interests are unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the 2024 Share Option Scheme. Upon exercise of
        the share options in accordance with the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the corresponding number of ordinary Shares will be issued at
        HKD5.01 per Share. The share options are personal to the respective Directors.


Long positions in the shares of an associated corporation of the Company

                                                                                                                            Approximate %
                                                                                                                             of total issued
                                                                                                                              shares of the
                                                                                                                                 associated
                                                                                                                                corporation
                                   Name of associated                                                       Number of         as at 30 June
  Name of Director                 corporation                        Nature of interest                   Shares held                 2026(1)

  Ms. Yang Huiyan                  Sichuan Justbon Life               Interest of controlled              177,584,598                 99.71%
                                     Services Group Co., Ltd.            corporation
                                     (“Justbon Services”)

Note:

(1)     The resolution for approving the delisting of H shares of Justbon Services from the Stock Exchange was passed at the general meeting
        and H share class meeting of Justbon Services held on 17 June 2021, and the delisting acceptance condition was satisfied on 15 July
        2021. The listing of H shares of Justbon Services on the Stock Exchange was voluntarily withdrawn at 4:00 p.m. on 19 August 2021.
        Following the delisting, the shares of Justbon Services, as a PRC issuer, are no longer divided into H shares and domestic shares and
        are all ordinary shares with nominal value of RMB1 each. The percentage is calculated based on the total shares of Justbon Services of
        178,102,160 shares as at 30 June 2026.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company (including their
spouses and children under the age of 18) had any interest in, or had been granted any right to subscribe for the Shares
and options of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO), or had exercised any such
rights.




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026           41
Interest Disclosure



INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE
UNDER THE SFO
As at 30 June 2026, as set out in the register kept under Section 336 of the SFO, the following companies and persons
(other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares and
underlying shares which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

                                                                                                            Number of         Approximate % of
                                                                                                           Shares held             total Shares
  Name of Shareholder                                      Capacity                                    or interested in                 in issue

  Concrete Win(1)(3)                                       Beneficial owner and other interests      1,092,972,961 (L)                   33.54%
  Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited(1)      Security interest                           543,695,233 (L)                   16.69%
  Mr. Chen Chong(2)                                        Interest of spouse                          543,695,233 (L)                   16.69%
                                                           Interest of controlled corporation          674,640,867 (L)                   20.71%
  Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong)(3)        Beneficial owner                            674,640,867 (L)                   20.71%
  Shanghai Ningquan Asset Management Co., Ltd.             Investment manager                          195,683,000 (L)                    6.01%
    (上海寧泉資產管理有限公司 )

Notes:

L – long position
S – short position

As at 30 June 2026, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,258,334,489 Shares.

(1)      On 8 May 2025, the Company (as the chargee) entered into the deed of share charge with Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior (as the
         chargors) in respect of the secured assets, including 418,332,094 Shares and 125,363,139 Shares beneficially held by Concrete Win and
         Fortune Warrior respectively, to secure the repayment and settlement of the principal and interest of the loan and the secured debts in an
         aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (or HKD equivalent) provided by the Company to Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior.

(2)      By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen Chong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by his spouse, Ms. Yang Huiyan, whose interests
         are disclosed in the above section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
         and Debentures of the Company and its Associated Corporations”. On 26 August 2024, Mr. Chen Chong became the sole member of
         Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong). By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen Chong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
         by Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong).

(3)      On 29 July 2023, Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win entered into the Deed of Gift with Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong
         Kong). Pursuant to the Deed of Gift, the Donor donated 674,640,867 Shares to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) for
         charitable purposes. Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win continue to control the voting rights of 674,640,867 Shares held by Guoqiang
         Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong).


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, the Company had not been notified of any other person (other than the
Directors or chief executives of the Company) who was recorded in the register of the Company as having an interest
or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




            42        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
               REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED
             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
COUNTRY GARDEN SERVICES HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Country Garden Services Holdings Company
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 44 to 76, which
comprise the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2026 and the related condensed
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and
notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance
with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”)
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the
preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our
responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and
to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other
purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily
of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and
consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might
be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

26 August 2026




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026      43
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT
OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                    NOTES      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                            (unaudited)        (unaudited)

 Revenue                                                              3      24,500,463         23,185,484
 Cost of providing services                                                 (18,723,044)       (17,890,291)
 Cost of sales of goods                                                      (1,337,521)          (996,092)

 Gross profit                                                                 4,439,898          4,299,101
 Selling and marketing expenses                                                (124,639)          (121,480)
 General and administrative expenses                                         (2,000,197)        (2,205,369)
 Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets               7      (1,059,810)          (589,981)
 Other income                                                         4         111,705             82,903
 Other losses – net                                                   5        (140,162)          (137,949)

 Operating profit                                                             1,226,795         1,327,225
 Finance income                                                                 121,858           126,282
 Finance costs                                                                  (48,597)           (64,212)
 Finance income – net                                                            73,261             62,070
 Share of results of investments accounted
   for using the equity method                                                  (51,495)           (54,573)

 Profit before income tax                                                     1,248,561         1,334,722
 Income tax expense                                                   6        (300,142)         (332,076)

 Profit for the period                                                8         948,419         1,002,646

 Profit attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                                      950,326           996,555
   – Non-controlling interests                                                   (1,907)            6,091

                                                                                948,419         1,002,646

 Other comprehensive (expense)/income
 Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
    – Currency translation differences                               20         (11,390)             4,469
 Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
    – Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value
        through other comprehensive expense                          20         (15,967)           (56,907)

 Total other comprehensive expense for the period,
   net of income tax                                                            (27,357)           (52,438)

 Total comprehensive income for the period                                      921,062           950,208

 Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                                      922,969           944,117
   – Non-controlling interests                                                   (1,907)            6,091

                                                                                921,062           950,208

 Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners of the
   Company (expressed in RMB cents per share)
   – Basic                                                            9           29.16              29.82
   – Diluted                                                          9           29.07              29.73




         44      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                 FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                          AS AT 30 JUNE 2026


                                                                             At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                                   2026                 2025
                                                                 NOTES        RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                            (unaudited)              (audited)


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                     11         1,617,606            1,733,132
Other right-of-use assets                                                      490,333              411,583
Investment properties                                             12         1,439,583            1,526,224
Intangible assets                                                 13        19,669,843           20,197,041
Investments accounted for using the equity method                 14           391,890              396,887
Financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                           15           443,337               452,401
Contract assets                                                                  3,784                 3,784
Trade and other receivables                                       17         1,114,470             1,126,459
Deferred income tax assets                                                   1,758,533             1,484,150
Time deposits                                                     18         1,615,940             1,596,236


                                                                            28,545,319           28,927,897


Current assets
Inventories                                                                    692,171              753,426
Other current assets                                                         1,180,960              913,433
Trade and other receivables                                       17        26,160,678           23,325,800
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)    16         2,499,879            2,347,620
Contingent consideration receivables                                           289,458              289,458
Restricted bank deposits                                          18           907,418            1,048,222
Time deposits                                                     18         4,271,824            2,382,960
Cash and cash equivalents                                         18         8,235,056           11,851,493


                                                                            44,237,444           42,912,412


Total assets                                                                72,782,763           71,840,309




                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026      45
Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
AS AT 30 JUNE 2026



                                                                                      At 30 June   At 31 December
                                                                                            2026              2025
                                                                    NOTES              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)           (audited)


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital and share premium                                     19              25,990,112        26,157,811
 Other reserves                                                      20                 868,781           841,501
 Retained earnings                                                   21               8,448,441         8,958,978


                                                                                     35,307,334        35,958,290

 Non-controlling interests                                                            2,358,618          2,392,247


 Total equity                                                                        37,665,952        38,350,537


 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Bank and other borrowings                                           24               1,199,555          1,243,210
 Lease liabilities                                                                    1,021,959            987,325
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                                      1,144,189          1,318,472


                                                                                      3,365,703          3,549,007


 Current liabilities
 Contract liabilities                                                                 8,296,377         8,877,892
 Trade and other payables                                            23              22,210,489        19,877,812
 Current income tax liabilities                                                         729,377           622,333
 Bank and other borrowings                                           24                 308,510           383,569
 Lease liabilities                                                                      206,355           179,159


                                                                                     31,751,108        29,940,765


 Total liabilities                                                                   35,116,811        33,489,772


 Total equity and liabilities                                                        72,782,763        71,840,309

The interim financial information on pages 44 to 76 were approved by the board of directors on 26 August 2026 and
were signed on its behalf.




                                   Xu Binhuai                          Xiao Hua
                                     Director                             Director




         46      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                        OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


                                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                               Share capital                                                         Non-
                                                                  and share         Other        Retained                      controlling
                                                                   premium       reserves        earnings          Total         interests    Total equity
                                                   NOTES           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


Balance at 1 January 2026 (audited)                              26,157,811       841,501        8,958,978    35,958,290        2,392,247      38,350,537
Comprehensive (expense)/income
Profit (loss) for the period                                               –            –         950,326          950,326         (1,907)          948,419
Other comprehensive expense                                                –      (27,357)              –          (27,357)             –           (27,357)

Total comprehensive (expense)/income
  for the period ended 30 June 2026                                        –      (27,357)        950,326          922,969         (1,907)          921,062

Share repurchase                                    19(b)          (185,711)             –               –       (185,711)              –           (185,711)
Consideration issue                                 19(c)             1,395              –               –          1,395               –              1,395
Employee share schemes
– value of employee services                          22                  –        59,531                –        59,531                –          59,531
– exercise of share options                        19(d), 20         16,617        (4,894)               –        11,723                –          11,723
Capital injection from non-controlling interests                          –             –                –             –           11,859          11,859
Disposals of subsidiaries                                                 –             –                –             –          (11,265)        (11,265)
Dividends                                                                 –             –       (1,460,863)   (1,460,863)         (32,316)     (1,493,179)

                                                                   (167,699)       54,637       (1,460,863)   (1,573,925)         (31,722)     (1,605,647)

Balance at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                              25,990,112       868,781        8,448,441    35,307,334        2,358,618      37,665,952

Balance at 1 January 2025 (audited)                              26,521,871       597,476        9,497,683    36,617,030        2,461,692      39,078,722
Comprehensive (expense)/income
Profit for the period                                                      –             –        996,555          996,555          6,091         1,002,646
Other comprehensive expense                                                –       (52,438)             –           (52,438)            –            (52,438)

Total comprehensive (expense)/income
  for the period ended 30 June 2025                                        –       (52,438)       996,555          944,117          6,091           950,208

Share repurchase/purchase                           19(b)            (56,275)            –               –         (56,275)             –            (56,275)
Consideration issue                                 19(c)             12,308             –               –          12,308              –             12,308
Employee share schemes
   – value of employee services                       22                   –      111,169                –        111,169               –            111,169
Capital injection from non-controlling interests                           –             –               –               –          1,068                1,068
Transactions with non-controlling interests                                –       (19,594)              –         (19,594)        12,076               (7,518)
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                –             –               –               –         41,114              41,114
Disposals of subsidiaries                                                  –             –               –               –        (71,999)            (71,999)
Dividends                                                                  –             –        (988,945)      (988,945)        (26,987)        (1,015,932)

                                                                     (43,967)      91,575         (988,945)      (941,337)        (44,728)          (986,065)

Balance at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                              26,477,904       636,613        9,505,293    36,619,810        2,423,055      39,042,865




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026                  47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                      NOTES         RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)        (unaudited)


 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash used in operations                                                            (111,623)          (333,652)
 Income tax paid                                                                    (637,705)          (541,544)

 Net cash used in operating activities                                              (749,328)          (875,196)

 Cash flows from investing activities
 Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                            –             20,845
 Payments related to arbitration arising from prior acquisition                     (100,457)                  –
 Net cash outflow from disposals of subsidiaries                                       9,500              (1,807)
 Dividends received from investment accounted for using
    the equity method                                                   14             1,482                4,301
 Dividends received from financial assets at FVOCI                       4            41,805              29,110
 Payments for investments accounted for using the equity method                      (50,000)              (6,716)
 Payments for property, plant and equipment                             11          (200,264)          (256,410)
 Payments for intangible assets                                                      (50,119)            (43,292)
 Payments for investment properties                                                   (1,361)          (382,381)
 Payments for financial assets at FVPL and securities purchased
    under resale agreements                                                       (6,503,256)        (4,667,168)
 Payments for financial assets at FVOCI                                              (11,000)                 –
 Payments for time deposits                                                       (4,146,822)        (2,506,692)
 Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, and
    investment properties                                                             47,038             35,337
 Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at FVPL and securities
    purchased under resale agreements                                              6,334,700         3,233,340
 Proceeds from maturity of time deposits                                           2,142,414                 –
 Proceeds from repayment of loans to third parties                                       100                 –
 Interest received                                                                   148,224            72,777

 Net cash used in investing activities                                            (2,338,016)        (4,468,756)

 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                                             134,519            219,136
 Purchase shares for the share award scheme/buy-back of shares        19(a)(b)      (185,711)            (56,275)
 Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                      3,859                1,068
 Transactions with non-controlling interests                                               –               (7,518)
 Principal elements of lease payments                                                (84,161)          (123,910)
 Repayments of bank and other borrowings                                            (263,095)          (246,727)
 Interest paid on leases                                                             (28,190)            (39,699)
 Interest paid on bank and other borrowings                                          (36,523)            (21,840)
 Issue of shares pursuant to share option scheme                                      11,723                    –
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                         (26,110)            (10,497)

 Net cash used in financing activities                                              (473,689)          (286,262)

 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                        (3,561,033)        (5,630,214)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                             11,851,493        15,337,225
 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                       (55,404)            16,109

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                    8,235,056         9,723,120


        48      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

1. Basis of preparation
   The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
   Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
   Accountants (“HKICPA”) as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing
   of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


2. Accounting policies
   The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for
   certain financial instruments which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.

   Other than additional/change in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to HKFRS
   Accounting Standards, the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the preparation of condensed
   consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those presented in the
   Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.

   Application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards

   In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard
   issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on
   1 January 2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                        Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                              Financial Instruments
   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                        Contracts Referencing Nature – dependent Electricity
   Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards                 Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting
                                                              Standards – Volume 11

   The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no
   material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the
   disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.


3. Revenue and segment information
   The Group was principally engaged in the provision of property management services, community value-
   added services, value-added services to non-property owners, water, electricity and heat supplies and property
   management services under the state-owned enterprises separation and reform program (hereinafter referred to as
   “Three Supplies and Property Management”), environmental business and commercial operational services in the
   People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

   Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Chief Operating
   Decision Maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of
   the operating segment, has previously been identified as the executive directors of the Company. Following the
   reorganisation of the business units and change in internal reporting structure during the six months ended 30 June
   2026, the CODM has now been defined as the management committee comprising the Chairman of the Board, the
   President and certain other senior management, which is responsible for strategic decision-making and operational
   oversight.




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026       49
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


3. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)
    As a result, the Group identified the following two operating segments (previously four), which were used to make
    strategic decisions by the CODM. The change in segment reporting was reflected retrospectively.

    –      Greater property management business, which mainly includes property management services, community
           value-added services and value-added services to non-property owners;

    –      Developing business, which mainly includes Three Supplies and Property Management business,
           environmental business and commercial operational services.

    The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of operating profit,
    adjusted by excluding realised and unrealised gains from financial assets at FVPL, and including share of results of
    investments accounted for using the equity method.

    Revenue mainly comprises proceeds from provision of property management services, community value-added
    services, value-added services to non-property owners, heat supply services, environmental business and
    commercial operational services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the six months ended 30 June
    2026 and 2025 was as follows:

                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2026               2025
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                        (restated)


        Revenue from Greater property management business
         – Property management services                                               14,505,215          13,649,266
         – Community value-added services                                              2,307,768           1,950,362
         – Value-added services to non-property owners                                   234,142             293,386
         – Other services                                                                 80,516              36,557

                                                                                      17,127,641          15,929,571

        Revenue from Developing business
          – Three Supplies and Property Management – Property management
            and other related services                                                 4,605,278            4,155,982
         – Three Supplies and Property Management – Heat supply services                 907,405              915,703
         – Environmental business                                                      1,519,337            1,730,923
         – Commercial operational services                                               270,079              296,767
         – Other services                                                                 70,723              156,538

                                                                                       7,372,822            7,255,913

                                                                                      24,500,463          23,185,484

    The Group has a large number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue
    during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.

    Sales between segments are carried out on terms agreed upon by the respective segments’ management.

    Nearly 100% of the Group’s revenue is attributable to the markets in Chinese Mainland and nearly 100% of the
    Group’s non-current assets are located in Chinese Mainland. No geographical information is therefore presented.




         50     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                          Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


3. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   The segment information provided to the CODM for the six months ended 30 June 2026 is as follows:

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June 2026
                                                                       Greater
                                                                      property
                                                                   management      Developing
                                                                      business       business         Total
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

    Revenue from contracts with customers                             17,128,759             7,312,538     24,441,297
    Recognised over time                                              16,038,888             6,930,719     22,969,607
    Recognised at a point in time                                      1,089,871               381,819      1,471,690
    Revenue from other sources                                                 –                61,996         61,996
    Rental income                                                              –                61,996         61,996
    Total segment revenue                                             17,128,759             7,374,534     24,503,293
    Less: inter-segment revenue                                           (1,118)               (1,712)        (2,830)

    Revenue from external customers                                   17,127,641             7,372,822     24,500,463

    Segment results                                                    1,158,229               (66,177)     1,092,052

   The segment information provided to the CODM for the six months ended 30 June 2025 is as follows:

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June 2025 (restated)
                                                                         Greater
                                                                        property
                                                                     management       Developing
                                                                        business        business              Total
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

    Revenue from contracts with customers                             15,929,614             7,205,047     23,134,661
    Recognised over time                                              15,212,178             6,689,926     21,902,104
    Recognised at a point in time                                        717,436               515,121      1,232,557
    Revenue from other sources                                                  –                94,001         94,001
    Rental income                                                               –                94,001         94,001
    Total segment revenue                                             15,929,614             7,299,048     23,228,662
    Less: inter-segment revenue                                               (43)              (43,135)       (43,178)

    Revenue from external customers                                   15,929,571             7,255,913     23,185,484

    Segment results                                                    1,122,254              128,568       1,250,822

   A reconciliation of segment results to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

    Segment results                                                                     1,092,052           1,250,822
    Realised and unrealised gains from financial assets at FVPL
      (note 5)                                                                                83,248            21,830
    Finance income – net                                                                      73,261            62,070

    Profit before income tax                                                            1,248,561           1,334,722


                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026     51
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


4. Other income

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


     Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI                                        41,805               29,110
     Government subsidy income                                                             53,964               35,832
     Late payment charges                                                                  15,936               17,961


                                                                                          111,705               82,903


5. Other losses – net

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


     Losses on disposals of subsidiaries                                                     (988)            (108,825)
     (Losses)/gains from the change of sublease contracts (a)                              (9,883)                1,987
     Gains on early termination of lease contracts (b)                                        155                36,803
     Net foreign exchange losses                                                         (158,079)              (40,214)
     Realised and unrealised gains from financial assets at FVPL                           83,248                21,830
     Losses on disposals of property, plant and equipment,
       and investment properties                                                          (38,081)                (976)
     Others                                                                               (16,534)             (48,554)


                                                                                         (140,162)            (137,949)

    (a)    For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group signed certain sublease contracts of properties with
           third parties, and recognised a net loss of RMB9,883,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: net gain
           of RMB1,987,000) resulting from the differences of the recognition of finance lease receivables and the
           derecognition of investment properties.

    (b)    For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group has early terminated certain property lease contracts.
           Such termination resulted in derecognition of other right-of-use assets of RMB2,005,000 (six months
           ended 30 June 2025: RMB3,708,000), investment properties of RMB3,412,000 (six months ended 30
           June 2025: RMB225,830,000), and lease liabilities of RMB5,572,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
           RMB266,341,000), resulting in net gains on early termination of lease contracts recognised in other gains, net
           of RMB155,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: net gains of RMB36,803,000).




          52    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                          Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                           Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


6. Income tax expense
                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026             2025
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


    Current income tax
     – Provision for current income tax                                              712,512          683,203
     – Under provision in prior years                                                 32,200                –

                                                                                     744,712          683,203

    Deferred income tax
      – Corporate income tax                                                         (365,023)        (351,127)
      – Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future                 (79,547)               –

                                                                                     (444,570)        (351,127)

                                                                                     300,142          332,076

7. Impairment under expected credit loss model, net of reversal
                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026             2025
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


    Impairment loss recognised on:
      – trade receivables (note 17)                                                  602,065          476,163
      – other receivables (note 17)                                                  329,512           38,729
      – financial guarantee contracts (note 26)                                      128,233           75,089

                                                                                    1,059,810         589,981

   The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques used in the condensed
   consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those followed in the
   preparation of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.

8. Profit for the period
                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026             2025
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


    Employee benefit expenses                                                       8,839,912        8,557,482

    Total depreciation and amortisation charges                                      934,322         1,081,806

    Cost of inventories recognised as expenses                                      1,337,521         996,092

    Rental expenses for short-term and low-value leases                              306,719          240,949

    Research and development costs                                                   110,605              77,772



                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026   53
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


9. EARNINGS PER SHARE
    The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to owners of the
    Company is based on the following data:


                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2026             2025


     Earnings (RMB’000)
     Earnings for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share:
       profit attributable to the owners of the Company                                  950,326              996,555


     Number of shares (thousands shares)
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
       basic earnings per share                                                        3,259,476            3,342,141
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       Share options                                                                       9,311                9,446


     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
      diluted earnings per share                                                       3,268,787            3,351,587


     Earnings per share (RMB cents)
     Basic                                                                                 29.16                29.82
     Diluted                                                                               29.07                29.73


10. Dividends
    The final dividend and special dividend in respect of year ended 31 December 2025 is RMB4.62 cents (equivalent
    to Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 5.32 cents) per share and RMB41.79 cents (equivalent to HKD48.05 cents) per
    share respectively, totalling approximately RMB1,511,449,000. Such final dividend and special dividend have
    been approved at the annual general meeting of the Company on 29 May 2026 and have been settled partly
    in new shares of the Company, and partly in cash on 21 August 2026. The number of ordinary shares to be
    issued and settled by way of scrip dividend amounts to 67,487,030 shares, the total amount of dividend to be
    settled via scrip dividend is approximately RMB321,104,000, while the cash dividend amounts to approximately
    RMB1,190,345,000. Of which, approximately RMB50,586,000 has been paid to the Company’s Share Award
    Scheme.

    Approximately RMB252,401,000 among the cash dividend has been set off against the interest and principal of the
    loan due from the related parties (as referred to in note 17).

    The final dividend and special dividend in respect of year ended 31 December 2024 is RMB13.52 cents (equivalent
    to HKD14.76 cents) per share and RMB16.09 cents (equivalent to HKD17.57 cents) per share respectively, totalling
    approximately RMB988,945,000. Such final dividend and special dividend have been approved at the annual
    general meeting on 23 May 2025 and were paid in cash on 29 August 2025.

    The Board has resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months
    ended 30 June 2025: nil).




       54      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                         Financial Statements
                                                                FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


11. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                               RMB’000


    Six months ended 30 June 2026
    Opening net book amount                                                                    1,733,132
    Other additions                                                                              173,284
    Disposals of subsidiaries                                                                     (4,646)
    Transfer to investment properties                                                            (29,095)
    Other disposals                                                                              (26,717)
    Depreciation and amortisation                                                               (228,352)


    Closing net book amount                                                                    1,617,606

    Six months ended 30 June 2025
    Opening net book amount                                                                    1,702,482
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                    63,356
    Other additions                                                                              256,410
    Disposals of subsidiaries                                                                     (10,926)
    Other disposals                                                                               (11,329)
    Depreciation and amortisation                                                               (280,956)


    Closing net book amount                                                                    1,719,037

   As at 30 June 2026, transportation equipment with net book amount of RMB81,470,000 (as at 31 December
   2025: RMB127,359,000) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank and other borrowings (note 24).


12. Investment properties

                                          Land and buildings    Right-of-use assets              Total
                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000


    Six months ended 30 June 2026
    Opening net book amount                         642,838                883,386             1,526,224
    Transfer from property, plant and
      equipment                                       29,095                      –               29,095
    Additions                                          6,500                 19,506               26,006
    Amortisation                                     (19,687)               (42,360)             (62,047)
    Disposals                                        (20,749)               (58,946)             (79,695)


    Closing net book amount                         637,997                801,586             1,439,583


    Six months ended 30 June 2025
    Opening net book amount                         216,927              1,480,897             1,697,824
    Additions                                       400,661                   3,699              404,360
    Amortisation                                      (9,962)               (72,343)              (82,305)
    Disposals                                         (6,167)             (265,455)             (271,622)


    Closing net book amount                         601,459              1,146,798             1,748,257



                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026   55
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


13. Intangible assets

                                                 Contracts
                                                       and        Insurance              Concession       Total other
                                                  customer        brokerage               intangible       intangible
                                     Software relationships          license       Brand      assets           assets      Goodwill         Total
                                     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000   RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (i)


     Six months ended 30 June 2026
     Opening net book amount          461,856      3,623,020         14,847     1,026,297     623,670      5,749,690      14,447,351     20,197,041
     Other additions                   25,295              –              –             –       7,731         33,026               –         33,026
     Amortisation                     (40,239)      (396,748)        (1,237)     (104,936)    (16,262)      (559,422)              –       (559,422)
     Other disposals                     (802)             –              –             –           –           (802)              –           (802)


     Closing net book amount          446,110      3,226,272         13,610       921,361     615,139      5,222,492      14,447,351     19,669,843


     At 30 June 2026
     Cost                             818,365       7,448,701         28,663     2,128,394     765,686    11,189,809      19,472,913     30,662,722
     Accumulated amortisation        (372,255)     (4,213,973)       (15,053)   (1,205,145)   (150,547)   (5,956,973)              –     (5,956,973)
     Accumulated impairment                 –          (8,456)             –        (1,888)          –       (10,344)     (5,025,562)    (5,035,906)


     Closing net book amount          446,110      3,226,272         13,610       921,361     615,139      5,222,492      14,447,351     19,669,843


     Six months ended 30 June 2025
     Opening net book amount          479,037      4,366,674         17,322     1,297,592     578,882      6,739,507      15,422,806     22,162,313
     Acquisition of subsidiaries          1,237            –               –            –            –          1,237               –          1,237
     Other additions                    42,948        20,433               –            –       70,711       134,092                –       134,092
     Amortisation                      (37,818)     (407,047)         (1,238)    (166,358)     (11,295)     (623,756)               –      (623,756)
     Other disposals                     (2,435)           –               –            –            –         (2,435)              –         (2,435)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                 –            –               –            –            –              –          (6,223)        (6,223)


     Closing net book amount          482,969      3,980,060         16,084     1,131,234     638,298      6,248,645      15,416,583     21,665,228


     At 30 June 2025
     Cost                             771,841       7,398,135         28,663    2,128,394      752,189    11,079,222      19,473,254     30,552,476
     Accumulated amortisation        (288,872)     (3,409,619)       (12,579)    (995,272)    (113,891)    (4,820,233)              –     (4,820,233)
     Accumulated impairment                 –           (8,456)            –        (1,888)          –         (10,344)    (4,056,671)    (4,067,015)


     Closing net book amount          482,969      3,980,060         16,084     1,131,234     638,298      6,248,645      15,416,583     21,665,228




       56        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                          Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                           Financial Statements
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


13. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (i)   Goodwill

          The goodwill (net book amount) is allocated in cash-generating units (“CGU”) as follows:

                                                                                      At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                            2026               2025
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


           Country Garden Life Services Group Company Limited
             (“Life Services”) CGU                                                     6,521,774            6,457,224
           Wealth Best Global Holdings Group Company Limited
             (“Wealth Best Global”) CGU                                                3,567,263            3,567,263
           Link Joy Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (“Link Joy”) CGU                          3,233,591            3,233,591
           Other CGUs                                                                  1,124,723            1,189,273

                                                                                      14,447,351          14,447,351

    Integration of CGUs and goodwill reallocation

    During the six months ended 30 June 2026, there has been a change in the identified CGU resulting from the
    integration of Suzhou Wuyuan Property Management Co., Limited (“Suzhou Wuyuan”) into Life Services CGU
    in order to improve operation efficiency. Both Suzhou Wuyuan and Life Services CGU are within the property
    management and related services operating segment. Accordingly, goodwill originally attributable to Suzhou
    Wuyuan with a carrying amount of RMB64,550,000 is reallocated into Life Services CGU for goodwill impairment
    assessment purpose. Management expected that the benefit of expected synergies of Suzhou Wuyuan shall be
    achieved from integrating it into the Group’s existing property management services under Life Services CGU.
    Such integration resulted in the reallocation of goodwill as there has been a change to the way in which goodwill is
    monitored internally.

    As there were no indicators for impairment of the CGUs as at 30 June 2026, management has not updated any
    impairment calculations.

14. Investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2026             2025
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


      At 1 January                                                                       396,887             533,497
      Additions                                                                           50,000                 6,716
      Share of results                                                                   (51,495)             (54,573)
      Dividends received                                                                  (1,482)               (4,301)
      Dividends declared                                                                  (2,020)                    –
      Acquisition of additional equity interests and become Subsidiaries                       –              (77,854)

      At 30 June                                                                         391,890             403,485

    As at 30 June 2026, there were no significant contingent liabilities and commitments relating to the Group’s
    interests in the investments accounted for using the equity method.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026      57
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


15. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                     At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                                           2026                2025
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


     Listed equity securities                                                            18,414               29,228
     Unlisted equity investments                                                        424,923              423,173

                                                                                        443,337              452,401

    The investments mainly represent equity investments in several property management companies.

16. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                     At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                                           2026                2025
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


     Wealth management products (a)                                                   1,304,182            1,291,319
     Structured products (b)                                                          1,151,821            1,052,067
     Currency forward contracts (c)                                                      43,876                4,234

                                                                                      2,499,879            2,347,620

     Contingent consideration receivables                                               289,458              289,458

    (a)    The Group invested in various wealth management products which can be redeemed any time at the Group’s
           discretion. These products have a term of from 5 years to 10 years (as at 31 December 2025: from 5 years
           to 10 years) with average expected return rate at 3.05% to 4.8% (as at 31 December 2025: 3.1%–4.8%). The
           fair values of these investments were determined based on the expected returns with reference to underlying
           investment.

    (b)    As at 30 June 2026, the structured products have a term from one to six months (as at 31 December 2025:
           one to six months) with average expected return rate at 0.50%–2.05% (as at 31 December 2025: 0.8%–2.2%).
           The fair values of these investments were determined based on the expected returns as stipulated in relevant
           contracts with the counterparties.

    (c)    As at 30 June 2026, the currency forward contracts have an aggregate notional amount of exchanging
           EUR291,384,000 for USD at forward exchange rate of EUR1 to USD1.1787 with maturity date at or
           before 14 May 2027. The currency forward exchange contracts were secured by the time deposits of
           EUR283,359,000 (equivalent to RMB2,200,878,000).

           As at 31 December 2025, the currency forward contracts have an aggregate notional amount of exchanging
           HKD2,229,568,000 for USD at forward exchange rates from HKD7.7353 to HKD7.7600 to USD1 with
           maturity date on or before 27 February 2026. The currency forward exchange contracts were secured by the
           time deposits of HKD2,090,396,000 (equivalent to RMB1,888,087,000). Subsequently in February 2026, the
           aforementioned foreign currency forward contracts matured and the related time deposits were released from
           pledge.

           The fair value of these currency forward exchange contracts was determined based on the quoted price from
           the bank.



          58    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                          Financial Statements
                                                                FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


17. Trade and other receivables
                                                                             At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                   2026              2025
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


    Current assets:
    Trade receivables (a)
      – Related parties (note 25(e))                                          2,129,739          2,145,267
      – Third parties                                                        23,817,133         20,592,826

                                                                             25,946,872         22,738,093
    Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables (b)
      – Related parties (note 25(e))                                         (1,555,197)        (1,572,946)
      – Third parties                                                        (2,884,622)        (2,358,331)

                                                                             (4,439,819)        (3,931,277)

                                                                             21,507,053         18,806,816

    Other receivables
      – Payments on behalf of property owners                                 1,469,610          1,263,286
      – Deposits                                                                543,548            523,481
      – Loans to third parties pledged by equities (d)                        1,180,419          1,183,733
      – Receivables from finance leases                                          31,035             26,879
      – Others (f)                                                            1,223,671            990,834

                                                                              4,448,283          3,988,213
    Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables (c)                    (912,358)          (582,846)

                                                                              3,535,925          3,405,367

    Prepayments to suppliers
      – Related parties (note 25(e))                                              3,188             2,194
      – Third parties                                                           795,670           816,654

                                                                                798,858           818,848

    Prepayments for other taxes                                                 318,842           294,769

                                                                             26,160,678         23,325,800

    Non-current assets:
    Other receivables
      – Loan receivables from related parties (e)                             1,000,000          1,000,000
      – Receivables from finance leases                                         114,470            126,459

                                                                              1,114,470          1,126,459

   As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, most of the trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB,
   and the fair value of trade and other receivables approximated their carrying amounts.




                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026    59
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


17. Trade and other receivables (Continued)
    (a)    Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services income under lump sum basis,
           community value-added services, value-added services to non-property owners, heat supply services,
           environmental business and commercial operational services.

           Property management services income under lump sum basis, heat supply services income and commercial
           operational services income are paid in accordance with the terms of the relevant service agreements，and
           are due for payment upon the issuance of demand note.

           For community value-added services, payment of the transaction is due immediately when the community
           value-added services are rendered to the customers.

           For value-added services to non-property owners and environmental business, customers are generally given
           a credit term of up to 90 days.

           The aging analysis of the trade receivables based on invoice date and net of loss allowance was as follows:


                                                                                       At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                             2026               2025
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000


               Within 1 year                                                           13,439,948          11,638,762
               1 to 2 years                                                             4,162,049           3,645,574
               2 to 3 years                                                             1,932,476           1,884,989
               Over 3 years                                                             1,972,580           1,637,491


                                                                                       21,507,053          18,806,816

    (b)    Movement of allowance for impairment of trade receivables was as follows:


                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


               At 1 January                                                             3,931,277           3,454,760
               Provision for loss allowance recognised in profit or loss                  602,065             476,163
               Receivables written off as uncollectable                                   (92,760)           (362,072)
               Decrease by the disposal of subsidiaries                                      (763)                  –


               At 30 June                                                               4,439,819           3,568,851




          60      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                          Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                           Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


17. Trade and other receivables (Continued)
    (c)   Movement of allowance for impairment of other receivables was as follows:

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


           At 1 January                                                                   582,846             318,032
           Provision for loss allowance recognised in profit or loss                      329,512              38,729


           At 30 June                                                                     912,358             356,761

    (d)   The Group provided short-term loans to several third parties pledged by equity interests of property
          management and property agency services companies in the PRC held by the respective borrowers.
          The loans to third parties bear interest rate at 6% to 15% per annum. These loans have a term of 2 to 12
          months. The reason for the Group to provide such loans to the third parties is in connection with the potential
          acquisitions of equity interests of property management and property agency services companies.

    (e)   In May 2025, the Company entered into the loan agreements with Concrete Win Limited (“Concrete Win”) and
          Fortune Warrior Global Limited (“Fortune Warrior”) (the “Borrowers”), both of which are entities directly and
          wholly-owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”), pursuant to which the Company
          agreed to provide revolving loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (or HKD
          equivalent) to the Borrowers. The maturity date of the loan is from the date of the grant of the first loan by
          the Company until the fifth anniversary or the date on which the Company declares the loan to be due before
          maturity with an annual rate of 5%.

          Furthermore, the Company (as the Chargee) also entered into a deed of share charge with the Borrowers, in
          respect of 543,695,233 shares of the Company beneficially held by the Borrowers, to secure the repayment
          and settlement of the principal and interest of the above loan agreement. During the drawdown period,
          whenever the Company distributes any cash dividends, the Company shall directly withhold the dividends
          attributable to the pledged shares of the Borrowers and apply such dividends to repay the interest, principal
          and other payables under the loan.

          As at 30 June 2026, the Company has granted the loan with the amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (as at
          31 December 2025: RMB1,000,000,000) to the Borrowers. For the period ended 30 June 2026, the
          Company recorded interest income of RMB25,139,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) (note 25(b)).
          The maximum amount outstanding during the period ended 30 June 2026 is RMB1,044,306,000 (as at 31
          December 2025: RMB1,019,167,000). Subsequently, on 21 August 2026, with the mutual consent of the
          Company and the Borrowers, cash dividends of RMB252,401,000 (note 10) corresponding to the pledged
          shares were withheld for the repayment of interest and principal under the loan, comprising settlement of
          interest accrued up to 30 June 2026 of approximately RMB44,306,000, settlement of interest after 30 June
          2026 of approximately RMB12,777,000 and offset against principal of approximately RMB195,318,000;
          thereafter, the aggregate outstanding balance of principal was approximately RMB804,682,000.

    (f)   The balance included court enforcement order deductions of RMB170,368,000 arising from arbitration
          related to a prior acquisition. The Group has assessed the recoverability of these amounts and recognised
          an expected credit loss allowance of RMB55,370,000, with a net carrying amount of RMB114,998,000 at 30
          June 2026.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026       61
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


18. Cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank deposits and time deposits
                                                                                                                          At 30 June         At 31 December
                                                                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000

     Cash at banks (a)                                                                                                    15,030,238                 16,878,911
     Less: Restricted bank deposits (b)                                                                                     (907,418)                 (1,048,222)
     Less: Time deposits (c)                                                                                              (5,887,764)                 (3,979,196)

     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              8,235,056                11,851,493

    (a)      Cash at banks were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                          At 30 June         At 31 December
                                                                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000

               RMB                                                                                                        10,308,190                 13,348,889
               HKD                                                                                                            71,077                  2,135,844
               EUR                                                                                                         2,200,878                          –
               Other currencies                                                                                            2,450,093                  1,394,178

                                                                                                                          15,030,238                 16,878,911

    (b)      Restricted bank deposits mainly represent the cash deposits in bank as performance security for property
             management services according to the requirements of local government authorities, the deposits made as
             performance security for certain contracts relating to the environmental business and judicially frozen funds.

    (c)      As at 30 June 2026, included in time deposits with the amount of RMB2,200,878,000 (as at 31 December
             2025: RMB1,888,087,000) were pledged for forward exchange contracts.

19. Share capital and share premium
                                                                                                                                                 Share
                                                                                       Equivalent                                           purchased
                                                                            Nominal      nominal                                   Share for the share
                                                             Number of      value of     value of       Share                repurchased        award
                                                  Notes         shares       shares       shares     premium         Total for cancellation    scheme          Total
                                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

     Authorised
     Authorised share capital of USD0.0001 each           10,000,000,000   1,000,000

     At 1 January 2025, 30 June 2025, and
         1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026                  10,000,000,000   1,000,000

     At 1 January 2025                                    3,343,049,591     334,305        2,135    27,065,179    27,067,314            –      (545,443)    26,521,871
     Share repurchase/purchase                     (b)                –           –            –             –             –      (45,171)       (11,104)       (56,275)
     Consideration issue                           (c)          326,551          33            –        12,308        12,308            –              –         12,308

     At 30 June 2025                                      3,343,376,142     334,338        2,135    27,077,487    27,079,622      (45,171)     (556,547)    26,477,904

     At 1 January 2026                                    3,343,638,516     334,364        2,135    27,079,247    27,081,382     (367,024)     (556,547)    26,157,811
     Cancellation of shares                        (a)      (87,996,000)     (8,800)         (62)     (502,839)     (502,901)     502,901             –              –
     Share repurchase                              (b)                –           –            –             –             –     (185,711)            –       (185,711)
     Consideration issue                           (c)           34,473           3            –         1,395         1,395            –             –          1,395
     Employee share schemes
         – exercise of share options               (d)        2,657,500         266            2        16,615        16,617            –              –        16,617

     At 30 June 2026                                      3,258,334,489     325,833        2,075    26,594,418    26,596,493      (49,834)     (556,547)    25,990,112


          62           Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                                   Financial Statements
                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


19. Share capital and share premium (Continued)
   (a)   During the six months ended 30 June 2026, 87,996,000 shares were cancelled. Of these, 24,124,000 shares
         were repurchased in 2026 and the remaining cancelled shares were repurchased in previous year.

   (b)   During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company repurchased a total of 34,995,000 (as at 30 June
         2025: 7,552,000) shares for cancellation and 10,871,000 shares were repurchased but not yet cancelled. The
         authorities of buy-back were approved by shareholders at the annual general meetings on 23 May 2025 and
         29 May 2026, respectively. The total consideration paid to repurchase these shares was HKD208,995,000
         (equivalent to RMB185,711,000). The shares were acquired at a weighted average price of HKD5.96 per
         share, with prices ranging from HKD4.81 to HKD6.48. The total of 10,871,000 shares for cancellation but not
         yet cancelled were included in the issued shares.

   (c)   On 9 April 2026, the Company issued 34,473 (as at 30 June 2025: 326,551) consideration shares in
         aggregate to the former shareholder of Everjoy Services Company Limited for the property management
         projects delivered in transit. The share based payment expense is recognised amounting to RMB1,395,000 (as
         at 30 June 2025: RMB12,308,000) for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

   (d)   During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company issued 2,657,500 shares as a result of the exercise
         of share options by employees (note 22), which were granted under the share option scheme adopted by the
         Company in 2024, and raised net proceeds of approximately HKD13,314,000 (equivalent to approximately
         RMB11,723,000) in total. In addition, the related share-based payments reserve of RMB4,894,000 was
         transferred to the share premium account as a result of the above exercise of options.

20. Other reserves
                                                                              Currency        Share-
                                                    Statutory     FVOCI     translation       based
                                                    Reserves     reserve       reserve     payments      Others           Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000

    At 1 January 2025                                723,790    (112,388)      (60,443)      266,400      (219,883)         597,476
    Currency translation differences                       –           –         4,469             –             –            4,469
    Changes in fair value of financial assets
      at FVOCI                                             –     (56,907)            –             –              –         (56,907)
    Transactions with non-controlling interests            –           –             –             –        (19,594)        (19,594)
    Employees share schemes
      – value of employee services                         –           –             –       111,169              –         111,169

    At 30 June 2025                                  723,790    (169,295)      (55,974)      377,569      (239,477)         636,613

    At 1 January 2026                                875,047    (189,352)      (58,149)      449,044      (235,089)         841,501
    Currency translation differences                       –           –       (11,390)            –             –          (11,390)
    Changes in fair value of financial assets
      at FVOCI                                             –     (15,967)            –             –              –         (15,967)
    Employees share schemes
      – value of employee services                         –           –             –        59,531              –          59,531
      – exercise of options (note 22)                      –           –             –        (4,894)             –          (4,894)

    At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                      875,047    (205,319)      (69,539)      503,681      (235,089)         868,781

21. Retained earnings
                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

    At 1 January                                                                               8,958,978               9,497,683
    Profit for the period                                                                        950,326                 996,555
    Dividends (note 10)                                                                       (1,460,863)               (988,945)

    At 30 June                                                                                8,448,441                9,505,293



                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026          63
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


22. Share-based payments
    Share Option Scheme

    On 9 July 2024, the Company adopted the Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited 2024 Share
    Option Scheme (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”).

    Under the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the Company granted an aggregate of 225,350,000 share options to 60
    employee participants which comprise two directors of the Company in July 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the
    2024 Share Option Scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

    The options granted to the grantees will be vested in five batches for the relevant financial year, provided that the
    vesting conditions above are satisfied in the relevant financial year. Specifically, (i) 25% of the total number of the
    share options (batch one) will be vested on 1 April 2025 or extend for another year to 1 April 2026 if fail to achieve
    the 2024 performance condition; (ii) 20% of the total number of the share options (batch two) will be vested on
    1 April 2026 or extend for another year to 1 April 2027 if fail to achieve the 2025 performance condition; (iii) 20%
    of the total number of the share options (batch three) will be vested on 1 April 2027 or extend for another year to
    1 April 2028 if fail to achieve the 2026 performance condition; (iv) 20% of the total number of the share options
    (batch four) will be vested on 1 April 2028 or extend for another year to 1 April 2029 if fail to achieve the 2027
    performance condition; and (v) the remaining 15% of the total number of the share options (batch five) will be
    vested on 1 April 2029 or extend for another year to 1 April 2030 if fail to achieve the 2028 performance condition.
    If the vesting conditions above have not been fulfilled during the relevant financial year or its respective extension
    year, the corresponding percentage of the share options granted will lapse. As at 30 June 2026, the batch two
    share options were not vested because the assessment of the 2025 performance condition was not completed.

    All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 10 years
    after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD5.01 per share.

    Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                      Six months ended                        Six months ended
                                                        30 June 2026                            30 June 2025
                                               Weight average                         Weight average
                                                     exercise      Number of                 exercise       Number of
                                                price in HKD share options              price in HKD     share options


     At 1 January                                          5.01       219,658,750                5.01       224,150,000
     Forfeited                                             5.01        (2,437,500)               5.01         (1,500,000)
     Exercised                                             5.01        (2,657,500)                  –                  –

     At 30 June                                            5.01       214,563,750                5.01       222,650,000

     Vested and exercisable at 30 June                     5.01        51,513,750                    –                  –

    In respect of the share options exercised during the period, the weighted average share price at the date of
    exercise was HKD6.29 (as at 30 June 2025: nil) per share.

    Share options outstanding at the end of the period have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                     Share options       Share options
                                                                                       outstanding         outstanding
     Grant date                 Expiry date                   Exercise price          30 June 2026        30 June 2025


     22 July 2024               21 July 2034                         HKD5.01           214,563,750          222,650,000




       64      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                          Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                           Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


22. Share-based payments (Continued)
   Share Option Scheme (Continued)

   The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the period is approximately 8.06
   years.

   The Group recognised total expense of RMB56,121,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB111,169,000) as
   at 30 June 2026 in relation to share options granted by the Company.

   The number of share options granted expected to vest has been reduced to reflect historical experience of
   forfeiture of options granted prior to completion of vesting period and accordingly the share option expense has
   been adjusted. At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are
   expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the profit
   and loss over the remaining vesting period, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.

   Share Award Scheme

   On 18 November 2024, the Company adopted the Share Award Scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”). According
   to the rules of the Share Award Scheme and the terms of the trust deed, a designated subsidiary of the Company
   established a trust in the PRC and entrusted the trustee to purchase a total of 109,000,000 shares at the
   consideration of RMB556,547,000 of the Company on the open market in previous years, and the number of the
   shares purchased has reached the upper limit of the scheme.

   On 24 April 2026, the Company adopted the implementation plan for the Share Award Scheme and, on the same
   day, granted 17,100,000 award shares to 8 employee participants of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the
   Share Award Scheme, the shares granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

   The award shares granted to the grantees will be vested in five batches for the relevant financial year, provided
   that the vesting conditions above are satisfied in the relevant financial year. Specifically, (i) 20% of the total number
   of the award shares (batch one) will be vested on 1 April 2027 or extend for another year to 1 April 2028 if fail to
   achieve the 2026 performance condition; (ii) 20% of the total number of the award shares (batch two) will be vested
   on 1 April 2028 or extend for another year to 1 April 2029 if fail to achieve the 2027 performance condition; (iii) 20%
   of the total number of the award shares (batch three) will be vested on 1 April 2029 or extend for another year to 1
   April 2030 if fail to achieve the 2028 performance condition; (iv) 20% of the total number of the award shares (batch
   four) will be vested on 1 April 2030 or extend for another year to 1 April 2031 if fail to achieve the 2029 performance
   condition; and (v) the remaining 20% of the total number of the award shares (batch five) will be vested on 1 April
   2031 or extend for another year to 1 April 2032 if fail to achieve the 2030 performance condition. If the vesting
   conditions above have not been fulfilled during the relevant financial year or its respective extension year, the
   corresponding percentage of the award shares will lapse. The vesting date mentioned above shall be subject to the
   date on which the actual vesting conditions are met. As at 30 June 2026, the batch one award shares were not
   vested because the assessment of the 2026 performance condition was not completed.

   All the award shares under the Share Award Scheme should be granted after vesting but before the expiry of 8.57
   years after the grant date at the grant price of HKD5.44 per share.

   Movements in the number of award shares outstanding are as follows:

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June 2026
                                                                                  Weight average
                                                                                       grant price      Number of
                                                                                          in HKD     award shares

    At 1 January                                                                                   –                   –
    Granted                                                                                     5.44          17,100,000

    At 30 June                                                                                  5.44          17,100,000

    Vested at 30 June                                                                              –                     –


                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026        65
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


22. Share-based payments (Continued)
    Share Award Scheme (Continued)

    Award shares outstanding at the end of the period have the following expiry date and grant price:

                                                                                                          Award shares
                                                                                                            outstanding
     Grant date                           Expiry date                                   Grant price        30 June 2026


     24 April 2026                        17 Nov 2034                                      HKD5.44            17,100,000

    The weighted average remaining contractual life of award shares outstanding at the end of the period is
    approximately 8.38 years.

    The fair value of award shares granted in 2026 is range from HKD2.09 to HKD3.56 (equivalent to RMB1.83 to
    RMB3.12) per share, which was determined using the Binomial Model by an independent appraiser based on
    significant unobservable inputs. These inputs include:


                                                                               Range of Relationship of
                                Fair value of    Unobservable              unobservable unobservable inputs to
     Description               award shares      inputs                          inputs fair value


     Award shares            HKD50,061,000       Multiples                             1.2 The higher the multiples, the
                               (equivalent to                                                higher the fair value
                            RMB43,887,000)

                                                 Volatility                       65.98% The higher the volatility, the
                                                                                           higher the fair value

                                                 Risk-free interest rate            2.75% The higher the risk-free
                                                                                            interest rate, the higher the
                                                                                            fair value

                                                 Dividend yield                     0.87% The lower the dividend yield,
                                                                                            the higher the fair value

    There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair values. The
    Group recognised the share-based compensation expenses in “General and administrative expenses” for the
    award shares granted to the directors, senior management and employees of the Group.

    The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the award shares in cash.

    The Group recognised total expense of RMB3,410,000 (as at 30 June 2025: nil) as at 30 June 2026 in relation to
    award shares granted by the Company.

    The number of award shares expected to vest has been reduced to reflect historical experience of forfeiture of
    award shares prior to completion of vesting period and accordingly the share-based compensation expense has
    been adjusted. At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of award shares
    that are expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the
    profit and loss over the remaining vesting period, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments
    reserve.


       66      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                         Financial Statements
                                                                     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


23. Trade and other payables
                                                                                   At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                         2026              2025
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


    Trade payables (a)
      – Related parties (note 25(e))                                                  217,788           273,132
      – Third parties                                                              10,759,991         9,542,042

                                                                                   10,977,779         9,815,174

    Other payables
      – Deposits                                                                     1,796,459        1,872,419
      – Temporary receipts from property owners                                      3,242,440        3,030,823
      – Provision for financial guarantee (note 26)                                    250,032          129,949
      – Dividend payables                                                            1,492,816           33,767
      – Accruals and others                                                          1,067,676          916,358

                                                                                     7,849,423        5,983,316

    Contingent considerations for business combinations                                 94,216           94,216
    Payroll payables                                                                 2,429,132        3,121,802
    Other taxes payables                                                               859,939          863,304

                                                                                   22,210,489        19,877,812

   As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated their
   fair values.

   (a)   The aging analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                   At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                         2026              2025
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


          Within 1 year                                                              9,410,209        8,503,825
          1 to 2 years                                                                 812,316          852,282
          2 to 3 years                                                                 456,993          360,400
          Over 3 years                                                                 298,261           98,667

                                                                                   10,977,779         9,815,174




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026   67
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


24. Bank and other borrowings

                                                    At 30 June 2026                         At 31 December 2025
                                         Current     Non-current        Total         Current    Non-current       Total
                                        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


     Secured
     Bank loans                          177,104         316,300       493,404       145,982       362,994       508,976
     Other borrowings                     63,327         148,105       211,432       118,145       151,002       269,147


                                         240,431         464,405       704,836       264,127       513,996       778,123


     Unsecured:
     Bank loans                            68,079         12,450        80,529       118,980         6,013       124,993
     Other borrowings                           –        722,700       722,700           462       723,201       723,663


                                           68,079        735,150       803,229       119,442       729,214       848,656


     Total bank and other borrowings     308,510        1,199,555     1,508,065      383,569      1,243,210    1,626,779

    The Group’s secured borrowings as at 30 June 2026 amounted to RMB704,836,000 (31 December 2025:
    RMB778,123,000), mainly secured by certain transportation equipment and land use rights of the Group with net
    book amount of RMB138,579,000 (31 December 2025: RMB179,999,000) and pledged by rights of collection of
    several environmental business projects.

    The Group’s bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows:


                                                            Bank loans                       Other borrowings
                                                             At              At                   At             At
                                                        30 June     31 December              30 June    31 December
                                                           2026            2025                 2026           2025
                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                       245,183           264,962              63,327         118,607
     Over 1 year and within 2 years                       20,100            50,913               6,250           9,499
     Over 2 years and within 5 years                      78,150            77,644             722,888         723,304
     Over 5 years                                        230,500           240,450             141,667         141,400


                                                         573,933           633,969             934,132         992,810

    The weighted average effective interest rate for the period ended 30 June 2026 was 4.45% (For the year ended 31
    December 2025: 4.40%) per annum.

    The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are denominated in RMB, functional currency of
    the respective group entities.

    The carrying amounts of the borrowings are approximate to their fair value, as the impact of discounting using the
    current borrowing rate is not significant.




       68      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                          Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


25. Related party transactions
   (a)   Ultimate controlling shareholder

         The Company is ultimately controlled by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”).

   (b)   Transactions with related parties

         The Group has entered into the following significant transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2026             2025
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


          Provision of services
           – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                    69,644           138,185
           – Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
              Shareholder                                                                    6,510            13,900
           – Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
              significant influence                                                         60,246           101,504
           – Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
              Controlling Shareholder                                                        5,542             1,121
           – Entities significantly influenced by the close relatives of the
              Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                                               1,207             1,568


                                                                                           143,149           256,278


                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2026             2025
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


          Purchase of goods and services
           – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                    19,993            22,155
           – Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
              Shareholder                                                                    3,536             8,617
           – Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
              significant influence                                                          1,425            18,673
           – Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
              Controlling Shareholder                                                          144                 –
           – Entities significantly influenced by the close relatives of the
              Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                                             184,901            90,406


                                                                                           209,999           139,851




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026   69
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


25. Related party transactions (Continued)
    (b)    Transactions with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2026             2025
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


               Interest expenses on lease liabilities
                 – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                234                    –
               Repayment of lease liabilities
                 – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder              1,143                    –
               Rental expenses
                 – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder              3,873               3,190
               Interest income
                 – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
                    (note 17(e))                                                          25,139                     –

    (c)    Free trademark license agreement

           A trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Company and a subsidiary of Country
           Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CGH”), Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development
           Company Limited (“Foshan Shunde”) and a deed of trademark licencing was entered into between the
           Company and CGH (the “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”). Pursuant to the Trademark Licencing
           Arrangement, Foshan Shunde agreed and CGH would procure Foshan Shunde to irrevocably and
           unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use several trademarks registered in the PRC
           and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of the Trademark Licencing Agreement and
           the deed of trademark licencing, which are subject to the renewal of the licenced trademarks, on a royalty-
           free basis.

    (d)    Key management compensation

           Key management includes directors and senior management. Compensations for key management are set
           out below:


                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2026             2025
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


               Salaries, bonus, share-based compensation expenses and
                 other employee benefits                                                  25,709               32,682




          70      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                           Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                            Financial Statements
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


25. Related party transactions (Continued)
    (e)   Balances with related parties


                                                                                     At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                           2026               2025
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


           Receivables from related parties

           Trade receivables
            – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder              2,035,280         2,048,725
            – Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
               Shareholder                                                               61,913              65,713
            – Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
               significant influence                                                     29,278              26,812
            – Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
               Controlling Shareholder                                                      720                922
            – Entities significantly influenced by the close relatives of the
               Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                                            2,548              3,095


                                                                                       2,129,739         2,145,267


           Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables from related
                  parties                                                             (1,555,197)       (1,572,946)


                                                                                        574,542           572,321


           Prepayments
            – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                  2,255              2,002
            – Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
               Shareholder                                                                  176                177
            – Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
               Controlling Shareholder                                                      265                  8
            – Entities significantly influenced by the close relatives of the
               Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                                             492                  7


                                                                                           3,188              2,194


           Loan receivables (include accrued interest)
            – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder
               (note 17(e))                                                            1,044,306         1,019,167




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026   71
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


25. Related party transactions (Continued)
    (e)    Balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                       At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                                             2026                2025
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

               Payables to related parties

               Trade payables
                – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder             132,187              212,022
                – Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                   Shareholder                                                              12,282                9,654
                – Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                   significant influence                                                    11,715               10,603
                – Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                   Controlling Shareholder                                                        –                 319
                – Entities significantly influenced by the close relatives of the
                   Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                                         61,604               40,534

                                                                                          217,788              273,132

               Contract liabilities
                – Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder             109,998              106,187
                – Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                   Shareholder                                                               4,781                6,068
                – Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                   significant influence                                                       520                3,757
                – Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                   Controlling Shareholder                                                     205                1,113
                – Entities significantly influenced by the close relatives of the
                   Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                                            433                  280

                                                                                          115,937              117,405

26. Financial guarantee contract
    Chongqing Caizhixin Smart Life Services Group Limited (formerly known as Caixin Smart Life Services Group
    Limited, “Caizhixin Services”), a subsidiary of the Company, was acquired by the Group from its former shareholder,
    Chongqing Caixin Group Co., Ltd. (“Caixin Group”), on 30 September 2021 (the “Acquisition Date”). In late August
    2022, certain bank accounts of Caizhixin Services were frozen pursuant to court orders because Caizhixin Services
    provided joint and several guarantee in respect of a trust financing arrangement of Caixin Group prior to the
    Acquisition Date. The Company was informed by Caixin Group and validated the existence of this obligation after
    the incident happened.

    Based on information subsequently obtained, in addition to the pledge of the equity interest of a subsidiary held
    by Caixin Group, the debts were also secured by another eight guarantors, including: (1) one guarantor providing
    guarantees by way of asset pledge; and (2) the other seven entities (including Caizhixin Services) providing joint and
    several guarantee obligations. As at 30 June 2026, the principal amount involved in the guarantee of the relevant
    debt is approximately RMB689,500,000 (as at 31 December 2025: RMB689,500,000). Together with accrued
    interests and penalties, the total amount covered by the guarantee is approximately RMB1,128,000,000 (as at 31
    December 2025: RMB1,128,000,000). Subsequently in July 2026, all corporate guarantors other than Caizhixin
    Services were declared bankrupt by the court.

    The management of the Company represents that: (1) the Caixin Group confirms that, apart from this, Caizhixin
    Services provided no other external guarantee prior to the Acquisition Date; (2) the normal operation of Caizhixin
    Services has not been materially and adversely affected; (3) since the engagement with and acquisition of Caizhixin
    Services by the Group, Caixin Group has disclosed and undertaken that the guarantee did not exist during the
    course of due diligence and negotiation of the acquisition agreement, which, at present, is in violation of the
    relevant covenants and undertakings under the agreement regarding the acquisition of Caizhixin Services; (4) the
    Group has initiated legal proceedings, to protect the Group’s legitimate rights and interests. As at 30 June 2026,
    the amount of restricted bank deposits held in the frozen bank accounts of Caizhixin Services were RMB5,127,000
    (as at 31 December 2025: RMB6,820,000). As at 30 June 2026, the Group has assessed the expected credit
    losses for the financial guarantee and made an additional provision of RMB128,233,000 during the period. A court
    enforcement order deduction of RMB8,149,000 was settled, and the provision balance was RMB250,032,000 (as
    at 31 December 2025: RMB129,949,000). When estimating the expected credit losses of the financial guarantee,
    management considered various scenarios relating to the sequence and extent of repayment by the guarantors.


          72      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                              Financial Statements
                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


27. Fair value measurements of financial instruments
   Fair value estimation

   Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In estimating
   the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments with significant
   unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group assesses their fair value or engages third party qualified valuers to
   perform the valuation.

   (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
         recurring basis

         Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
         reporting period. The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by level of
         the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as follows:

         •       Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

         •       Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                 directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

         •       Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                 inputs) (level 3).

         Fair value hierarchy

                                                          Level 1            Level 2              Level 3           Total
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000


             At 30 June 2026
             Financial assets
             Financial assets at FVPL (include
               contingent consideration
               receivable)                                       –              43,876          2,745,461         2,789,337
             Financial assets at FVOCI                      18,414                   –            424,923           443,337

             Total financial assets                         18,414              43,876          3,170,384         3,232,674

             Financial liabilities
             Financial liabilities at FVPL
               (note 23)                                          –                   –            94,216             94,216

             At 31 December 2025
             Financial assets
             Financial assets at FVPL
               (include contingent
               consideration receivable)                         –                    –         2,637,078         2,637,078
             Financial assets at FVOCI                      29,228                    –           423,173           452,401

             Total financial assets                         29,228                    –         3,060,251         3,089,479

             Financial liabilities
             Financial liabilities at FVPL
               (note 23)                                          –                   –            94,216             94,216




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026    73
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


27. Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
    Fair value estimation (Continued)

    (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
           recurring basis (Continued)

           Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value

           The following table summarises the quantitative information about valuation techniques and inputs (including
           the significant unobservable inputs used in level 3) used in fair value measurements of financial assets at
           FVOCI and financial assets at FVPL:

                                                   Fair value at                                      Relationship of
                                              30/6/2026 31/12/2025 Valuation technique(s)             unobservable
               Financial assets                RMB’000       RMB’000 and key inputs (s)               inputs to fair value

               Listed equity securities           18,414         29,228 Quoted price in an active n/a
                                                                         market

               Unlisted equity securities        424,923        423,173 Price-to-earning ratio        The higher the price-
                                                                                                        to-earnings ratio, the
                                                                                                        higher the fair value

                                                                             Price-to-sales ratio     The higher the price-to-
                                                                                                        sales ratio, the higher
                                                                                                        the fair value

               Structured products             1,151,821      1,052,067 Quoted value from             The higher the
                                                                         financial institutions         expected return, the
                                                                         based on expected              higher the fair value
                                                                         return as stipulated in
                                                                         relevant contracts with
                                                                         the counterparties

               Wealth management               1,304,182      1,291,319 Quoted value from         The higher the
                products                                                 financial institutions     expected return, the
                                                                         based on expected          higher the fair value
                                                                         return with reference to
                                                                         underlying investment

               Currency forward                   43,876              4,234 Quoted value from         The higher the
                contracts                                                    financial institutions     fluctuation of the
                                                                             based on expected          exchange rate, the
                                                                             exchange rate as           higher the fair value
                                                                             stipulated in relevant
                                                                             contracts with the
                                                                             counterparties

               Contingent consideration          289,458        289,458 The fair value of contingent The better the financial
                receivables                                               consideration is             performance of the
                                                                          determined by reference subsidiaries, the
                                                                          to the considerations as lower the fair value
                                                                          stipulated in the equity
               Contingent consideration          (94,216)        (94,216) transfer agreements        The better the financial
                payables                                                  and the expected             performance of the
                                                                          financial performance of subsidiaries, the
                                                                          the subsidiaries             higher the fair value

           The financial assets/liabilities subsequently measured at fair value on Level 3 fair value measurement
           represent contingent consideration receivables/payables relating to the various business combination in prior
           years, respectively. For the six months ended 30 June 2026, net gain of nil (six months ended 30 June 2025:
           RMB4,047,000) relating to the contingent consideration receivables/payables has been recognised in profit
           or loss.



          74       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                           Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                            Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


27. Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
   Fair value estimation (Continued)

   (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

           The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments:

                                                                        Financial
                                                                        assets at
                                                                    FVPL (include
                                                                      contingent            Financial
                                                                    consideration              assets
                                                                     receivables)           at FVOCI
                                                                        (note 16)           (note 15)         Total
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000


            Balance at 1 January 2026                                    2,637,078           423,173        3,060,251
            Additions                                                    6,163,256            11,000        6,174,256
            Disposals                                                   (6,094,245)                –       (6,094,245)
            Fair value changes                                              39,372            (9,250)          30,122


            Balance at 30 June 2026                                      2,745,461           424,923        3,170,384


            Balance at 1 January 2025                                      878,541           542,687        1,421,228
            Additions                                                    4,667,168                  –       4,667,168
            Disposals                                                   (3,233,340)                 –      (3,233,340)
            Fair value changes                                              21,830            (75,638)         (53,808)


            Balance at 30 June 2025                                      2,334,199           467,049        2,801,248

           There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the period.

   (iii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on
           a recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

           The Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in the
           consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026   75
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026


28. Contingent liabilities
    As at 30 June 2026, an arbitration award was issued in connection with a post-acquisition dispute arising from the
    Group’s previous business acquisition. Pursuant to the award, the Group is required to pay purchase consideration
    and liquidated damages of RMB601,479,000.

    During the six months ended 30 June 2026, approximately RMB100,457,000 was deducted from the Group’s
    bank accounts under a court enforcement order. As at 30 June 2026, the cumulative amounts deducted under the
    enforcement order totalled approximately RMB170,368,000.

    The Group has obtained advice from its legal counsel and is pursuing all available legal remedies to contest the
    validity and enforceability of the award. Based on the assessment of the legal merits and the current stage of the
    proceedings, management considers that the challenge to the award is more likely than not to succeed. Given
    management’s assessment, an outflow of economic benefits is considered not probable, and therefore no provision
    has been recognised in the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information as at 30 June 2026.

    Due to the materiality of the obligation and the inherent uncertainty surrounding the outcome of the legal
    proceedings, the matter has been disclosed as a contingent liability. The final outcome depends on the resolution
    of the ongoing legal proceedings before the relevant judicial authorities. No adjudicative conclusion has been
    reached to date.


29. Event occurred after the reporting period
    There have been no material events identified subsequent to 30 June 2026.




       76      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
