(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code: 6098




                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Content
2    Corporate Overview                      101   Independent Auditor’s Report

4    Corporate Information                   106   Consolidated Statement of
                                                     Profit or Loss and Other
6    Major Events                                    Comprehensive Income

10   Awards and Honours                      107   Consolidated Statement of
                                                     Financial Position
12   Chairman’s Statement
                                             109   Consolidated Statement of
15   Financial Summary                               Changes in Equity

16   Management Discussion and Analysis      110   Consolidated Statement of
                                                     Cash Flows
35   Biographical Details of Directors and
       Senior Management
                                             111   Notes to the Consolidated
                                                     Financial Statements
41   Corporate Governance Report

62   Report of the Directors
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company” or “CG Services”) (stock code: 6098.HK) is a
leading integrated service provider in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) covering diversified business forms.
The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “We” or “CG Services Group”) have won industry-leading customer
satisfaction rate and gained high recognition in the industry with our outstanding service quality and service brands.
We have won well-recognized awards in the industry including “2024 China Leading Property Service Company for
Top Brand of Specialized Operation” (2024中國物業服務專業化運營領先品牌企業) and “2024 Outstanding Property
Management Brands in China in terms of Service Satisfaction” (2024中國物業服務滿意度優秀品牌) granted by China
Index Academy; “2024 First in Property Management Companies in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength” (2024中
國物業企業綜合實力第一名) and “2024 China’s Model Property Management Companies for Characteristic Properties”
(2024中國物業服務特色物業樣本標竿企業) granted by YIHAN (億翰智庫); and “2024 First in TOP 20 Listed Property
Management Companies in China” (2024年中國物業管理上市公司20強第一名) and “2024 TOP 10 Leading Listed
Property Management Companies in China in terms of ESG Sustainable Development” (2024中國物業管理上市公司領先
企業ESG可持續發展TOP10) granted by CRIC.

Founded in 1992, the Group achieved 33 years of steady development. It always adheres to the service concepts of
“Catering for property owners’ urgent needs; address property owners’ concerns” and “Property owner-oriented”. With
strong business capability and lean management, it has completed three major certifications of the British Standards
Institution (BSI), being quality management system ISO, environmental management system ISO and occupational health
and safety system. It has formed a comprehensive and efficient property management service system, and is committed
to letting property owners experience the beauty of property management services through strong offline service system
and consolidation of community business resources. Furthermore, it provides full life-cycle services by focusing on
preservation and appreciation of the value of owners’ real estates.

Our major business sectors include: (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services, (iii) value-
added services to non-property owners, (iv) the water, electricity, heat supply and property management (the “Three
Supplies and Property Management”) businesses, (v) city services, and (vi) commercial operational services, which
constitute part of our comprehensive services we provide to customers that cover the full range of value chain in property
management. As at 31 December 2024, apart from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, our
revenue-bearing gross floor area (“GFA”) was approximately 1,036.9 million sq.m.. In addition, the revenue-bearing GFA
of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses was approximately
90.3 million sq.m.. We managed a total of 7,895 property projects. These projects cover 31 provinces, municipalities,
autonomous regions in Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and overseas, with a focus on
five key economically developed city clusters, including the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta, the middle reaches
of the Yangtze River, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region and the Chengdu-Chongqing Region in China. In particular, the
percentage of the revenue-bearing GFA of projects in first and second-tier cities amounted to approximately 40.7%.

Property management services – We provide property owners, residents and property developers with a series of
property management services, including security, cleaning, green landscaping, gardening, repair and maintenance,
and other services. We have been optimizing our property management portfolio and enriching our forms of projects.
Currently, our property management portfolio covers residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings,
industrial parks, multi-purpose complexes, government buildings, hospitals, schools and other public facilities, such as
airport terminals, highway service stations, scenic areas and other non-residential properties.

Community value-added services – We are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle community life
services operator”. By focusing on the family growth cycle of property owners, the property value cycle and the mature
development cycle of communities, we strive to provide property owners with comprehensive community life services to
meet their needs for asset value preservation and appreciation and daily life needs, so as to enable property owners to
experience the beauty of property management services. Community value-added services have been developed as a
new engine to drive sustainable and stable growth of the Group. Rooted in community and property service scenarios,
we continuously build customer-satisfying, differentiated and market-oriented community value-added services. Five
major businesses have formed in our community value-added services sector: (i) home services; (ii) community media
services; (iii) local living services; (iv) real estate brokerage services; and (v) community area services.




          2      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                     Corporate Overview


“Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses – In 2018, we established a joint venture and began to enter the
separation and transfer of property management and heat supply on the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
Reform. Since our establishment, we continued to promote in-depth integration with our partners and had achieved
initial results in terms of operation management, market expansion, quality management, intelligent construction and
community value-added services. We jointly promoted the gradual expansion of our business scope to the integrated
services provided to office properties, and the plants, industrial parks, oil and gas plants and stations of petroleum and
petrochemical enterprises, and the integrated logistics services provided to state-owned enterprises including staff
canteens. We will give full play to our successful experience in this benchmarking project and continue to further develop
the “Three Supplies and Property Management” field by establishing a new operating mechanism and exploring a new
management model.

City services – The Group focuses on core sectors including smart city (ecological) environmental operation and
maintenance, solid waste treatment and resource utilisation, environmental governance, green technology services,
manufacturing of environmental technology equipment, industrial park services, operation and maintenance of high-
speed transportation and hubs, in order to deliver integrated environmental governance solutions for urban development,
industrial upgrading and livable communities covering eco-friendly design, construction and renovation and smart
operations.

Commercial operational services – The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood centers, office buildings and other
projects with full-chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing, operation and planning services,
mainly including (i) conducting commercial operation and management of the properties owned by leasing developers
or property owners; (ii) providing property market research and positioning services at the investment stage of property
developers; (iii) providing market research and positioning, business planning consulting, tenant solicitation and opening
preparation services to property developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties;
and (iv) providing tenant solicitation, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of
property operation.

On 19 June 2018, the Company was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”),
indicating its formal entrance into the international capital market. Since the listing, its position in the international capital
market was gradually enhanced – It was included as a constituent stock of the MSCI China All Shares Index on 31
August 2018, and was included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index and in
the Hong Kong Stock Connect stock list on 10 September 2018. The Company implements environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) concepts and practices in its business operations and has obtained industry-leading international
ESG ratings, receiving a rating of A in the MSCI ESG ratings assessment; the Company was rated as “low-risk” by the
Sustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings (with a score of 14.2) and has been honored as the enterprise with the “Highest Regional
(Asia Pacific) ESG Rating” for three consecutive years since 2023; was rated 44 on the S&P Global ESG Scores; and
was selected as a constituent stock of FTSE4Good Index Series by FTSE Russell in December 2022 and has maintained
such rating since then.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024         3
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                   AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Executive Directors                                                  Mr. Xu Binhuai
Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)                                           Mr. Chen Dilin (appointed on 3 April 2024)
Mr. Xiao Hua                                                         Mr. Huang Peng (resigned on 3 April 2024)
Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)
                                                                     REGISTERED OFFICE
Non-executive Director                                               Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                                           P.O. Box 2681
                                                                     Grand Cayman
Independent Non-executive Directors                                  KY1-1111
Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                       Cayman Islands
Mr. Rui Meng
Mr. Chen Weiru
                                                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)
                                                                     HONG KONG
                                                                     4th Floor, Ruttonjee House
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                      Ruttonjee Centre
Mr. Rui Meng (Chairman)
                                                                     11 Duddell Street
Mr. Mei Wenjue
                                                                     Central
Mr. Chen Weiru
                                                                     Hong Kong
Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)

                                                                     HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Chen Weiru (Chairman)                                            PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Ms. Yang Huiyan                                                      West Building of Country Garden Office
Mr. Mei Wenjue                                                       Beijiao Town
                                                                     Shunde District, Foshan
                                                                     Guangdong Province
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                 PRC
Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)
Mr. Rui Meng
Mr. Chen Weiru                                                       CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL
Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)                             SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                                     TRANSFER OFFICE
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND                                            Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                                                 Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr. Xu Binhuai (Chairman)                                            P.O. Box 2681
Mr. Xiao Hua                                                         Grand Cayman
Ms. Yang Huiyan (appointed on 3 April 2024)                          KY1-1111
Mr. Chen Weiru (appointed on 3 April 2024)                           Cayman Islands
Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)
Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)                           HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
                                                                     REGISTRAR
DEBT RECOVERY COMMITTEE*                                             Tricor Investor Services Limited
Mr. Xu Binhuai (Chairman) (appointed on 22 August 2024)              17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Mr. Xiao Hua (appointed on 22 August 2024)                           16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
Mr. Rui Meng (appointed on 22 August 2024)
                                                                     AUDITORS
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Mr. Chen Dilin (appointed on 3 April 2024)                           Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Solicitor in Hong Kong)                        35/F, One Pacific Place
Mr. Huang Peng (resigned on 3 April 2024)                            88 Queensway, Hong Kong


*    In addition to the Directors presented, there are another two
     members that are core management of the Company



          4      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Corporate Information



LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong laws:
WOO KWAN LEE & LO
26/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central
Hong Kong

DENTONS HONG KONG LLP
Suite 3201, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central
Hong Kong

As to PRC laws:
DeHeng Law Offices (Shenzhen)
11/F, Section B, Anlian Plaza, No. 4018 Jintian Road
Futian District, Shenzhen, PRC

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

COMPANY WEBSITE
www.bgyfw.com

STOCK CODE
6098

LISTING DATE
19 June 2018




                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024   5
MAJOR EVENTS



        January


1       Guangdong Bi’An Electromechanical Engineering Co., Ltd. (廣東碧安
        機電工程有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company, initiated a strategic
        upgrade in its direct-operation reform as a specialized engineering
        company. With facility operation and maintenance, urban after-sales
        services and energy management as its core drivers, the company
        established a “3+2” business matrix, driving a 299% surge in external
        revenue and building the Group’s second growth curve.




2       February
        Over 1,000 “Triple-A” employees in total were selected for CG Services’
        “Golden Tung Prize”, including “Golden Tung Top 30 and Top 10” for
        butlers, gate posts, engineering, cleaning and greening employees and
        “Golden Tung Top 10 and Top 3” for on-site project employees in order
        to inspire more employees to learn from exemplary service models and
        enhance their professional skills, thereby better safeguarding communities
        and providing property owners with safe, comfortable, convenient and
        aesthetically pleasant environments, contributing to their better quality of
        life.




        March

3        The Group announced its 2023 annual results, with revenue
         increasing to approximately RMB42.61 billion, representing a
         year-on-year increase of 3%; the degree of market-oriented
         operations was high, with the proportion of revenue generated from
         third parties further increasing to a record high of approximately
         96.9%. The Company attaches great importance to returns to the
         shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”), declaring a
         final dividend and special dividend totalling RMB29.46 cents per
         Share. The Group focused on improving service quality, adhering
         to its community value-added development strategy, driving digital
         transformation initiatives and dedicating efforts to continuously
         elevate customer service experiences.




    6       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                               Major Events




4
    April
    The digital operation of the Group was comprehensively upgraded. The
    digitalisation of elevators started its online trial operations and was fully launched
    and implemented within the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Year” or the
    “current year”), precisely and efficiently enhancing the customers’ experience
    of riding elevators. At present, the digitalisation of elevators has covered 3,925
    projects, with 154,692 elevators online, accounting for 88.3% of the total number
    of elevators under management. The complaint rate on elevators has decreased
    by nearly 30% compared with the same period last year.




5
    May
    The “2023 ESG Report” released by the Group reveals that it invested RMB400
    million in refurbishing community facilities, with a satisfaction rate of 93.97%
    among property owners; R&D investment reached RMB320 million, and quality
    and efficiency of digitalisation + AIOT empowered businesses were improved
    and increased; actively participated in rural revitalisation and public welfare,
    with cumulative consumption support for agriculture amounting to RMB46.88
    million; employee training coverage rate reached 89.17%, and sense of
    happiness increased by 3.99%; committed to green operations, with over 20
    projects obtaining the “Sustainable Building Index Verified Mark”; recognised by
    international authoritative rating agencies, and received multiple awards including
    a rating of BBB in the MSCI ESG ratings assessment.




    June


6   The Group tapped into Yantai Penglai International Airport. This marks the first time that Haikou Xinhuazhengda Airport
    Services Co., Ltd. (海口新華正達空港服務有限公司) (“Xinhuazhengda”), a subsidiary of the Company, entered
    Shandong Province, signifying an important development in Xinhuazhengda’s strategic layout. In the same month,
    Xinhuazhengda also took over the Nanlian Food Project at Sanya Phoenix International Airport, opening a new chapter
    for Xinhuazhengda in the business of aviation food distribution and delivery.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024      7
Major Events




         July


7        In order to advocate long-termism and guide the
         core management to focus on long-term value
         creation, the Company adopted a share option
         scheme by a resolution at the general meeting
         and thereafter the Company granted share
         options by the board of directors of the Company
         (the “Board”). The first batch of share options
         covered the core management of the Company,
         with a total of 225,350,000 share options
         granted.




8        August
         The Group’s revenue for the first half of 2024 increased to
         approximately RMB21.05 billion, representing a year-on-year
         growth of 1.5%; the degree of market-oriented operations
         increased, with the proportion of revenue generated from third
         parties reaching 98.7%. The Group focused on service quality
         and customer satisfaction, and increased its investment in
         digitalisation, and continued to expand community value-added
         services, committed to enhancing the property owners’ sense of
         happiness in their living.




         September

9        Typhoon “Bebinca” swept through Dangshan County, where fruit
         farmers suffered severe damage. CG Services actively promoted
         the charitable public welfare concept of “Purchasing instead
         of Donating”, fulfilled its corporate social responsibility, and
         contributed to the affected fruit farmers.




     8      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                          Major Events

     October


10   The Group’s “No. 0 Resident (零號居
     民)” robot completed fully autonomous
     operational trials in multiple scenarios,
     which verified the model of one robot
     serving multiple buildings, operating during
     both day and night and collaborating
     with humans. It has realised the value in
     improving cleaning quality, enhancing
     operational efficiency, and reducing the
     intensity of cleaning work. A resolution
     was passed during the month, marking its
     transition into the mould-making stage.




       November
       The Group launched the “Cornerstone Scheme” with a purpose of addressing the business shortcomings




11
       of regional general managers and project general managers across the country through a combination of
       training and practical operation, supporting the Group to solidify its operational foundation and enhance market
       capabilities at the lower-end market.




       December
       The 16th Healthy China Forum kicked off, during which CG




12
       Services officially announced the launch of the “Health for
       Every Household (健康進萬家)” project in 2025. Through
       the “Smart Community Choice (智享樓下心選)” platform,
       CG Services will roll out comprehensive health education
       and awareness campaigns across communities. It aims to
       promote the industrial upgrading of agricultural products in
       various regions through the “Traceability” activity, and deliver
       more high-quality food ingredients to family dining tables
       speedily with the innovative community partner model.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024           9
 AWARDS AND HONOURS



1                       2                         3                       4                       5




6                       7                         8                       9                       10




11                     12                        13                      14                       15



    1    2024 TOP 100 Property Management Companies in              Beijing China Index Academy
         China
    2    2024 Outstanding Property Management Companies in          Beijing China Index Academy
         China in terms of ESG Development
    3    2024 Outstanding Companies in China in terms of            Beijing China Index Academy
         Commercial Property Service Capability
    4    2024 Leading Property Management Companies in              Beijing China Index Academy
         China in terms of Marketisation of Business
    5    2024 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management             Beijing China Index Academy
         Companies in China in terms of Business Performance
    6    2024 TOP 10 of the TOP 100 Property Management             Beijing China Index Academy
         Companies in China in terms of Service Scale
    7    2024 Outstanding Companies in China in terms of            Beijing China Index Academy
         Residential Property Service Capability
    8    2024 Leading Companies in China in terms of Property       Beijing China Index Academy
         Technology Empowerment
    9    2024 Leading Companies in China in terms of Smart City Beijing China Index Academy
         Service
    10   2024 First in TOP 20 Listed Property Management            CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
         Companies in China                                         Information Technology Co., Ltd.
    11   2024 TOP 10 Leading Listed Property Management             CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
         Companies in China in terms of Management Scale            Information Technology Co., Ltd.
    12   2024 TOP 10 Leading Listed Property Management          CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
         Companies in China in terms of Market Value Recognition Information Technology Co., Ltd.
    13   2024 TOP 10 Leading Listed Property Management             CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
         Companies in China in terms of Revenue Scale               Information Technology Co., Ltd.
    14   2024 TOP 10 Leading Listed Property Management             CRIC Property Management, CRIC (Shanghai)
         Companies in China in terms of ESG Sustainable             Information Technology Co., Ltd.
         Development
    15   2024 First in Property Management Companies in China       YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
         in terms of Comprehensive Strength


          10     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Awards and Honours




16                  17                     18                     19                       20




21                  22                     23                     24                       25




26                  27                     28                     29                       30



 16   2024 TOP 10 Companies for City Services in China       Beijing Zhongwu Zhihui Information Technology Co.,
                                                             Ltd.
 17   2024 First in TOP 100 Property Management Companies Beijing Zhongwu Zhihui Information Technology Co.,
      in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength         Ltd.
 18   2024 China’s Model Property Management Companies       YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
      for Characteristic Properties (Community Value-added
      Services)
 19   2024 First in TOP 20 Listed Property Management        Beijing Zhongwu Zhihui Information Technology Co.,
      Companies in China’s Property Management Industry      Ltd.
 20   2024 TOP 5 Listed Property Management Companies in Beijing Zhongwu Zhihui Information Technology Co.,
      China in terms of Market Value                     Ltd.
 21   2024 TOP 5 Listed Property Management Companies in Beijing Zhongwu Zhihui Information Technology Co.,
      China in terms of Firm Scale                       Ltd.
 22   2024 ESG Rating for Property Management Companies      YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
      in China – Grade AA
 23   2024 First in Listed Property Management Companies in YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
      China
 24   2024 TOP 10 Listed Property Management Companies       YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
      in China in terms of Cash and Cash Equivalents
 25   2024 Listed Property Management Companies in China     YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
      with the Most Long-Term Investment Value
 26   2024 First in TOP 500 Property Management Companies CRIC Property Management, China Property
      in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength         Management Research Institution
 27   2024 Leading Companies in China in terms of Residential CRIC Property Management, China Property
      Property Service                                        Management Research Institution
 28   2024 Outstanding Property Management Brands in         Beijing China Index Academy
      China in terms of Service Satisfaction
 29   2024 First in Property Management Companies in China   YIHAN, YIHAN Property Management Research
      in terms of Service Capability
 30   2024 TOP 100 Property Management Companies in          Beijing Zhongwu Zhihui Information Technology Co.,
      China in terms of Brand Influence                      Ltd.


                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024       11
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

To create a better society
with our existence




Dear Shareholders,

The board of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company respectfully and diligently reports that the Group has achieved
a revenue of approximately RMB43,992.9 million, with gross profit of approximately RMB8,400.6 million, and net profit
of approximately RMB1,874.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. In addition, we recorded a core net profit*
attributable to shareholders of the Company of approximately RMB3,038.1 million. In recognition of our shareholders’
unwavering support and trust, the Board has decided to propose a final dividend of RMB13.52 cents per share and a
special dividend of RMB16.09 cents per share for 2024.

2024 marked an exceptionally challenging and extraordinary year in the development journey of CG Services. With a
shared vision and concerted efforts, the Company’s management and staff at all levels worked together to face all kinds of
uncertainties and challenges, enabling the Company to advance steadily and achieve stable operating results. In terms of
financial indicators, our core businesses (property management services, community value-added services and the “Three
Supplies and Property Management” business) maintained a robust momentum as the cornerstone of our performance.
During the Year, the total adjusted revenue^ of core businesses increased by 10.2% as compared to that for the same
period last year, and its proportion to total revenue continued to rise to 87.0%. Meanwhile, the profitability of core



*      Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding expenses of share options, unrealised gains or losses from financial
       assets at fair value through profit or loss, amortisation charges of intangible assets – contracts and customer relationships, insurance
       brokerage licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions and impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment
       of loans to third parties pledged by equities, losses from disposal of subsidiaries, expected losses on external guarantee, impairment of
       receivables from related parties and fair value gains of contingent consideration related to performance guarantees.

^
       The Group did not recognise revenue in respect of the consideration receivable but not yet collected from the High Risk Customers
       even though the relevant contractual obligations have been fulfilled by the Group (the “Uncollected Amounts from the High Risk
       Customers”). The adjusted revenue represents the revenue after adding back the Uncollected Amounts from the High Risk Customers.



         12       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement


businesses remained stable, with total adjusted gross profit# increasing by 6.4% as compared to that for the same period
last year. In terms of cash flow management, we have taken measures, such as establishing a debt recovery committee
and integrating marketing efforts to promote prepayments, to strictly control the cash flow, which enabled us to achieve
a ratio of net cash generated from operating activities to core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company of 1.3
times for the year, representing an improvement of 0.1 time as compared to that at the end of 2023. A healthy cash flow is
critical to the operations of property management enterprises. We will continue to optimise dynamic tracking for cash flows
and establish long-term and effective collection mechanism through multiple measures to guarantee the sustainable safety
and health of cash flows. During the Year, our businesses have been operated independently in a highly market-oriented
manner, with the proportion of revenue from recurring and sustainable third-party clients further increasing to 98.9%, while
risks associated with related parties have been effectively controlled.

Over the past year, national policies further clarified the high-quality development direction of the property management
service industry, and anchored the core of industry competition on service quality and innovation capabilities. Property
service industry has therefore ushered in a critical transformation period from scale expansion to quality advancement.
CG Services always adheres to the core concept of “servicing you a better life”, actively respond to the national call,
and comprehensively promoted service upgrades and digital transformation by taking consolidation of service as the
foundation and strengthening technological empowerment as strategic tools. During the Year, we firmly implemented
the strategic objectives of the three-year plan, achieving significant breakthroughs in operational capability, AI capability
and business management capability. In terms of operational capability, we initially established 6 major operating
systems for services for the first time. We continuously improved service efficiency and quality by constantly cultivating
our service grading system and digital operations, striving to provide our property owners with high-quality services that
offer excellent value for their money and create a more harmonious and beautiful community. In terms of AI capability, we
actively introduced big data models and positioned AI capability as the core trend for future development of the industry, as
well as the core competitiveness of enterprises. In terms of management capability, we achieved significant development
for management capability by integrating professional competencies represented by liquor sales with ecosystem building.

Against the backdrop of the times, with the new goal of achieving digital transformation of property management, we
have been continuing to advance the all-round construction of an operating system based on digital capabilities, and
took the lead in implementing breakthroughs in AI technology in key property business scenarios. We have created an
intelligent closed loop to cover customer services, equipment management and operational decision-making. In terms of
operational decision-making, we independently developed the “No. 0 Assistant (零號助理)” based on the technologies of
large-scale AI models and took the lead in launching two applications, “I See (一看)” and “I Win (一問)”, to support rapid
business decision-making and improve business efficiency and service quality. In addition, in terms of smart Internet
of Things (IoT), we have independently developed hardware for replacements, deeply integrated AI technologies, and
rejuvenated and upgraded communities through IoT transformation to improve service quality and ensure customer
safety. Our elevator maintenance was performed by AI intelligent, which realized automatic order placement and review
process within 10 seconds; our charging station operation capacity has been fully upgraded, providing safe charging for
more than 3.4 million users for over 8.6 million times; and our independently-developed cleaning robot “No. 0 Resident
(零號居民)” has reconstructed a new model of human-machine collaboration and has been in regular use in seven
communities, running continuously and without any problems. It’s expected that hundreds of this cleaning robots will be
deployed for projects by 2025.

Organizational vitality at the front line of services has a profound impact on customer experience and enterprise
operational efficiency. We have been continuously upgrading the “Qingteng Plan (青藤計劃)” to promote resource
integration and service innovation. With mechanisms as the soil to nourish our decision-making vitality, we delegated
more decision-making power to the front-line “Qingteng” units, and achieved the goal of “problems being discovered at
the front line, decisions being made at the front line” in terms of customer demand response and resource allocation.
We have strengthened data-based performance management, established a dynamic evaluation system, and used core
data such as satisfaction and improvement rate to calibrate direction in real time to ensure that resources would be tilted
towards teams that could create long-term value. In the future, we will continue to be guided by the “Qingteng Spirit (青
藤精神)” to promote organizational fission, allow scientific management to take deeper roots, intensive services to cover
a wider range, and the talent team to grow more vigorously.




#
       Being the gross profit after excluding the amortisation charges such as intangible assets – contracts and customer relationship
       and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions, and adding back the revenue from the Uncollected Amounts from the High Risk
       Customers.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024           13
Chairman’s Statement


CG Services adheres to the philosophy of sustainable development to better guide business development. Our ESG
practices have long been recognized by international rating agencies. We have an A ESG rating from MSCI, have been
rated as the enterprise with the “Highest Regional (Asia Pacific) ESG Rating” by Sustainalytics for three consecutive years,
and have been selected as a constituent stock of the FTSE4Good Index Series by FTSE Russell for three consecutive
years. We always practice ESG concepts in our operations. During the Year, the Group completed the renovation of
over 36,000 energy-saving lamps and 864 water pumps, saving over 17.4 million kWh of electricity throughout the
Year. Approximately RMB774 million has been invested in the communities, and renovation work on old facilities was
carried out in more than 3,800 projects during the Year, helping the communities to take on a new look. In addition,
referring to international cutting-edge standards, we pioneered a sustainable residential community certification system
in the property industry and officially launched the certification for such system. As of the end of 2024, the “Sustainable
Development Residential Community Certification System Pilot” program has been implemented in multiple regions. A
total of 9 residential projects have passed the certification, involving 14 certification dimensions.

Country Garden Services has always insisted on taking Party building as the core engine of property management. As
of the end of 2024, the Group has established 597 Party branches, 1,980 Party and mass volunteer service teams,
covering 7,011 Party members. During the Year, the Group carried out 20,656 Party building and Party-mass volunteer
service activities, and was awarded 78 national provincial and municipal honors. The Red Communities we have built
under the guidance of Party building have woven a “warm, resilient and vibrant” social governance network with the
power of industry pioneers, further enhancing the residents’ sense of happiness and gain. We deeply integrated the
Red Communities Project into community governance by setting up Party branches in grassroots projects and building
a vanguard team of “Party Member Demonstration Posts” and “Red Butlers”. On this basis, we innovatively built a
community co-governance platform, and, jointly with the subdistrict-level Party working committees, owners’ committees,
social organizations and residents’ representatives, promoted the efficient implementation of people’s livelihood issues
such as the renovation of old elevators and parking space planning, and customized “One-on-One” Party member
assistance services for special groups.

Looking ahead, we will continue to adhere to the management philosophy of “Employee-oriented and Customer First
(員工為本，客户至上)”, and take the “stabilizing the situation, maintaining growth, and seeking breakthroughs” as the
key tone of strategy implementation, and on the basis of maintaining the steady development of the basic business
foundation and through strategic layout and innovation-driven approaches, focus on breakthroughs to create new growth
curves. We will deepen the scenario-based capability building for residential property services, focus on strengthening
the creation of a digital-based operation system, continue to promote the practice of artificial intelligence in the property
field, enhance customer experience and ensure customer safety through the deep integration of large-scale AI models
and the transformation and development of the IoT. We will strengthen the management system and organizational talent
development and continue to promote the “Qingteng Plan”. We will continue to lead the property management industry in
embracing the wave of artificial intelligence through technological innovation and service upgrades, thereby contributing
to the upgrading and development of the industry.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to the management team and all employees.
Your professionalism and enthusiasm are the cornerstone of CG Services’ steady progress. Your relentless efforts and
dedication have been deeply imprinted in every step of the Company’s development. At the same time, CG Services also
extends sincere gratitude to its shareholders and the broader community for their trust and support, and thank you for
growing with us for another year. In the future, we will take firm steps and move forward by providing quality services,
anchoring the future with responsibility and drawing up a blueprint with confidence, so as to jointly open a new chapter
of high-quality development of the industry and create continuous and long-term value for the society. We will actively
respond to changes and forge ahead, repay every trust with practical actions, and work hand in hand with all partners to
create a better future.

To create a better society with our existence.

To shape a prosperous future through our conscience and social responsibility awareness.



Yang Huiyan
Chairman of the Board

Foshan, China, 27 March 2025


         14      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                      FINANCIAL SUMMARY

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
                                       2020          2021          2022           2023           2024
                                    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


Revenue                            15,600,421    28,843,011    41,366,573     42,611,511     43,992,889
Profit before income tax            3,714,727     5,672,839     3,485,638      1,079,650      2,706,706
Income tax expense                   (933,070)   (1,323,386)   (1,224,302)      (562,939)      (832,198)
Profit for the year                 2,781,657     4,349,453     2,261,336       516,711       1,874,508
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company               2,686,128     4,033,395     1,943,422       292,335       1,808,357
Non-controlling interests             95,529       316,058       317,914        224,376           66,151
                                    2,781,657     4,349,453     2,261,336       516,711       1,874,508
Earnings per share for profit
 attributable to owners of
 the Company (expressed
 in RMB cents per share)
Basic                                   97.62       128.42         57.68            8.69           54.16
Diluted                                 96.32       128.01         57.68            8.69           54.16


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION
                                       2020          2021          2022           2023           2024
                                    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


Non-current assets                  7,915,834    35,612,262    35,420,402     33,374,697     29,026,079
Current assets                     23,288,043    31,200,496    34,656,494     35,869,377     42,228,452
Current liabilities                14,232,797    24,790,556    24,994,171     26,383,515     28,332,463
Net current assets                  9,055,246     6,409,940     9,662,323      9,485,862     13,895,989
Total assets less current
 liabilities                       16,971,080    42,022,202    45,082,725     42,860,559     42,922,068
Non-current liabilities              812,042      3,648,709     5,173,725      4,078,482      3,843,346
Equity attributable to owners of
 the Company                       14,565,740    36,186,874    37,456,431     36,155,873     36,617,030
Non-controlling interests           1,593,298     2,186,619     2,452,569      2,626,204      2,461,692
Total equity                       16,159,038    38,373,493    39,909,000     38,782,077     39,078,722




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024   15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW
The Group is a leading integrated service provider in the PRC covering diversified business forms. Our business covers
many business forms, including services to residential properties, commercial properties, office buildings, industrial
parks, multi-purpose complexes, government buildings, hospitals, schools and other public facilities, such as airport
terminals, highway service stations and cultural scenic areas. We have won industry-leading customer satisfaction and
brand reputation with quality services, as well as gained high recognition in a number of sub-segments of the industry.
We have won well-recognized awards in the industry including “2024 China Leading Property Service Company for
Top Brand of Specialized Operation” (2024中國物業服務專業化運營領先品牌企業) and “2024 Outstanding Property
Management Brands in China in terms of Service Satisfaction” (2024中國物業服務滿意度優秀品牌) granted by China
Index Academy; “2024 First in Property Management Companies in China in terms of Comprehensive Strength” (2024中
國物業企業綜合實力第一名) and “2024 China’s Model Property Management Companies for Characteristic Properties”
(2024中國物業服務特色物業樣本標竿企業) granted by YIHAN (億翰智庫); and “2024 First in TOP 20 Listed Property
Management Companies in China” (2024年中國物業管理上市公司20強第一名) and “2024 TOP 10 Leading Listed
Property Management Companies in China in terms of ESG Sustainable Development” (2024中國物業管理上市公司領先
企業ESG可持續發展TOP10) granted by CRIC.

The major business sectors of the Group include: (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services,
(iii) value-added services to non-property owners, (iv) the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, (v) city
services and (vi) commercial operational services, which constitute part of our comprehensive services we provide to
customers that cover the full range of the value chain in property management.




        16      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




Property Management Services

We provide property owners, residents and property developers with a series of property management services, including
security, cleaning, green landscaping, gardening, repair and maintenance, and other services. During the Year, property
management services recorded a revenue of approximately RMB25,910.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of approximately 4.9% as compared to the same period of last year, and its percentage of total revenue further increased
to 58.9%.

The scale of the Group’s property management business has been steadily expanding. As at 31 December 2024, apart
from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, our revenue-bearing GFA was approximately 1,036.9
million sq.m.. In addition, the revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and
Property Management” business was approximately 90.3 million sq.m.. We manage a total of 7,895 property projects.
These projects cover 31 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions in Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region and overseas, with a focus on five key economically developed city clusters, including the Pearl
River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta, the middle reaches of the Yangtze River, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region and the
Chengdu-Chongqing Region in China. Among them, the percentage of the revenue-bearing GFA of projects in first and
second-tier cities amounted to approximately 40.7%.

Customer satisfaction is an important foundation for the sustainable development of the Group. We have further
deepened our “customer-oriented” service concept and continuously optimized service quality. In 2024, we invested
approximately RMB774 million to carry out renovation and renewal work on old facilities in over 3,800 projects, enabling
us to rejuvenate the community environment and upgrade the customer experience. At the same time, the Group has
further strengthened safety management measures and achieved zero major production safety incident during the Year;
a total of more than 14,000 large-scale fire drills were organized throughout the year, effectively preventing the spread of
more than 710 indoor fires at the early stage.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        17
Management Discussion and Analysis


During the Year, we continued to promote the application of digitization and artificial intelligence Internet of Things (AIoT)
to facilitate efficient operations. In terms of work processes, we embedded digital tools in multiple parts of cleaning and
security to achieve precise management and efficient operations. In terms of the management mode, we implemented
digital online management for elevator maintenance, simultaneously enhancing maintenance quality and the customer
experience. By integrating customer channel data, we improved our response efficiency to customers. We independently
developed “No. 0 Assistant” (零號助理) based on the technologies of large-scale AI models and took the lead in
launching two applications, “I See” (一看) and “I Win” (一問), to support rapid business decision-making and improve
management and work efficiency at all levels. We comprehensively optimized the application of IoT technology, deeply
integrated AI technologies and achieved improvements in operating efficiency and service quality through intelligent
upgrades to, among others, parking systems and charging piles.

In terms of market expansion, relying on our solid product capabilities and precise market strategies, we maintained a
leading competitive edge in the increasingly competitive market environment. We adhered to the expansion strategy
highlighting the focus on residential properties as the core, and the new contracts and annualized revenue from market
entries of our residential sector accounted for approximately 48.8%. We released a comprehensive product solution for
old communities and began pilot implementations in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Chongqing. In
addition, relying on the “Neighbor Project Sourcing” (一拓一) all-domain expansion strategy, we fully capitalized on the
leverage value of the projects under management in over 300 cities, by using flagship projects as springboards, mobilize
surrounding resources to build a collaborative network, driving the efficient advancement of a nationwide grid-based
layout and powering new expansion projects in nearly 200 cities.

Community Value-added Services

We are committed to becoming an “integrated whole-cycle community living services operator”. By focusing on the
family growth cycle of property owners, the property value cycle and the mature development cycle of communities,
we strive to provide property owners with comprehensive community living services to meet their needs for asset
value preservation and appreciation and daily living needs, so as to enable property owners to experience the beauty
of property management services. Community value-added services have been developed as a new engine to drive
sustainable and stable growth of the Group. Based on the community and property service scenarios, we continuously
build community value-added service businesses that satisfy customers, and possess differentiation and marketization
capabilities.

Five major businesses have formed in our community value-added services sector: (i) home services – providing property
owners with safe, convenient, professional and considerate full- range home services through a standardized operation
system; (ii) community media services – establishing deep connection between consumers and brands through the
community media matrix; (iii) local living services – setting up local consumption scenarios for customers and continuously
adapting to the needs of property owners to customize diversified life services; (iv) real estate brokerage services –
serving the needs of property owners for asset management and further developing second-hand property rental and
sale; and (v) community area services – making full use of community space resources and carrying out business with
the aim of providing convenience to the life of property owners and improving their sense of happiness in their living.

During the Year, the Group’s revenue from the Group’s community value-added services was approximately RMB4,194.3
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 11.8% as compared to the same period of last year, and
its percentage of total revenue of the Group further increased to 9.5%. During the Year, we actively developed the liquor
business. We collaborated with well-known wineries to create exclusive high-quality products, and through a professional
sales team, we explored scenario-based liquor consumption. As a result, the number of partners in 6 strategic regions
exceeded 3,800, and the repurchase rate reached 42%. In addition, we continued to make efforts in the new energy
business. Our self-operated brand, “Smart Enjoy Charging Downstairs” (智享樓下充電), provides property owners
with safer and more convenient two-wheeler charging services through self-operated equipment. During the Year, we
continued to promote the installation of charging piles and the optimization of product functions. As of the end of the
Year, we had cumulatively operated a total of 50,000 charging piles with approximately 500,000 charging sockets in
more than 4,000 communities across the country, with the cumulative number of registered users exceeding 3.4 million.




         18      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners

During the Year, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was approximately RMB704.5 million,
representing a significant year-on-year decrease of approximately 54.6% as compared to the same period last year, and
its percentage of the Group’s total revenue further decreased to approximately 1.6%. The value-added services to non-
property owners we provide mainly include (i) management consultancy services to property developers for their presale
activities, as well as consultancy services for properties managed by other property management companies; (ii) cleaning
services, green landscaping, repair and maintenance services to property developers at the pre-delivery stage; (iii) sales
and leasing agency services of unsold parking spaces and properties; and (iv) elevator products installation, supporting
services and other services.

“Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

The Group established a joint venture in 2018 and began to undergo the separation and transfer of property
management and heat supply under the “Three Supplies and Property Management” reform. As at 31 December 2024,
the revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property Management”
business was approximately 90.3 million sq.m.. During the Year, the revenue from the property management business
was approximately RMB6,539.3 million, and the revenue from the heat supply business was approximately RMB1,617.0
million.

During the Year, our brand reputation and comprehensive strength continued to grow, which were underscored by
multiple honors, such as “The 16th among the Top 100 Chinese Property Service Enterprises in Comprehensive
Strength in 2024” awarded by CPM Think Tank and CPM Research Institute. We actively promoted the improvement of
service quality, and through various special initiatives to enhance service quality and empowerment training for property
managers, achieved an increase in customer satisfaction. At the same time, we actively seized the opportunity of
business reforms of key customers and continuously strengthened market expansion efforts. During the Year, we signed
489 new contracted projects with a total contract amount of RMB2,033 million.

City Services

The Group focuses on core sectors such as intelligent operation and maintenance of urban (ecological) environments,
solid waste disposal and resource utilization, environmental protection governance, green technology services,
manufacturing and leasing of environmental industry technology equipment, industrial park services, operation and
maintenance of high-speed transportation and hubs. We provide comprehensive environmental protection governance
solutions covering environmental protection design, construction & renovation, and intelligent operation for urban
development, industrial upgrading, and livable communities. During the Year, our city services recorded a revenue of
approximately RMB4,167.6 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 14.7% as compared to the
same period of last year.

Commercial Operational Services

The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood commercial centers, office buildings and other projects with full-
chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing, operation and planning services, mainly including (i)
conducting commercial operation and management of the properties owned by leasing developers or property owners; (ii)
providing property market research and positioning services to property developers at the investment stage; (iii) providing
market research and positioning, business planning consulting, tenant solicitation and opening preparation services to
property developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties; and (iv) providing tenant
solicitation, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of property operation. During
the Year, the commercial operational services business segment of the Group achieved a total revenue of approximately
RMB627.0 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 38.1% as compared to the same period last
year. Our commercial operational services formed various product lines, including the high-quality one-stop shopping
malls “Bele city” (碧樂城), neighborhood center “Bele one” (碧樂匯) and commercial block “Bele time” (碧樂時光).




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024        19
Management Discussion and Analysis



PROSPECTS AND FUTURE PLANS
Building an operating system based on digital capabilities and continuously promoting the standardization
and optimization of our property management services

Customer satisfaction is a crucial foundation for the sustainable development of CG Services. We have been persistently
committed to the service concepts and requirements of “Catering for property owners’ urgent needs; addressing
property owners’ concerns” and “Property owner-oriented”, and continuously improving service efficiency and quality by
constantly cultivating our service grading system and digital operations, striving to provide our property owners with high-
quality services that offer excellent value for their money and create a harmonious and beautiful community.

In 2025, we will continue to cultivate the operating system based on digital capabilities. Particularly, we will continue
to enhance the integration of digital tools into security and surveillance systems as well as sanitation workflows.
Furthermore, we will also proactively implement the digitization of engineering work orders and customer complaint
management processes. Meanwhile, we will explore customized services and products, and offer different configuration
options in basic services, living space services, and living scenario services to match the actual needs of property
owners.

Developing satisfactory value-added services with differentiated market capabilities based on communities
and property management service scenarios

Through our neighborhood service network, we deploy key businesses to offer convenience to community residents,
such as retail and EV charging, and further improve the “Fifteen Minute Convenient Living Circle” by focusing on
customers’ core lifestyle needs, not only enhancing daily convenience for communities but also unlocking community
spending potential, thus elevating property service standards to new heights.

Moving forward, we will continue developing premium community value-added services. While addressing property
owners’ core needs, we will integrate third-party services to fulfill their broader requirements. Leveraging our supply chain
advantages in community retail curation, we will strategically incubate new business lines to create additional growth
vectors.

Comprehensively promoting AI empowerment and driving the digital and intelligent transformation of our
property management services through technological innovation




CG Services has already carried out a series of strategic initiatives in its journey of AI transformation. Supported by our
independent R&D capabilities, our large-scale modeling digital assistant “I See” (一看) and “I Win” (一問) has been fully
connected to DeepSeek, which has significantly enhanced the standardization and management efficiency of our project
operations and business management. Our industry-leading cleaning robot, “No. 0 Resident”, is now in regular use in 7
residential communities, and operates continuously without malfunctions. Its unique intelligent cleaning model featuring
human-machine collaboration will significantly reduce labor intensity.



         20      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


The deep integration of artificial intelligence with property management services will not only improve service quality but
also demonstrate competitiveness of a property management enterprise. Leading property management enterprises will
enjoy greater advantages in AI application scenarios, data, and application capabilities. CG Services will take the lead
in applying AI technologies for breakthroughs in key property management services scenarios. We will independently
develop hardware replacements with deep integration of large-scale AI models, with the aim of achieving intelligent
interconnection as well as human-machine collaboration through IoT transformation, thereby accomplishing new goals in
the digital and intelligent transformation of our property management services.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue

The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from (i) property management services, (ii) community value-added services,
(iii) value-added services to non-property owners, (iv) “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, (v) city
services and (vi) commercial operational services. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the total revenue increased by
approximately 3.2% to approximately RMB43,992.9 million from approximately RMB42,611.5 million for the year ended
31 December 2023. Such increase was mainly attributable to the comprehensive impact of the continued growth in the
revenue from property management services, community value-added services, and the “Three Supplies and Property
Management” business of the Group, representing an increase of 9.4% in total as compared to that for the same period
in 2023 (total adjusted revenue* recording an increase of 10.2% as compared to that for the same period in 2023) offset
by the decrease in revenue from value-added services to non-property owners as a result of proactive suppression
of the Group’s transaction amounts with customers whose credit risks have significantly increased (the “High Risk
Customers”) and the decline in revenues from city services and commercial operational services. Specific revenue by
business is shown below:

(I)   Property management services

      During the Year, the revenue from property management services increased by approximately 4.9% to
      approximately RMB25,910.4 million from approximately RMB24,698.5 million for the year ended 31 December
      2023, accounting for approximately 58.9% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2023: approximately 58.0%).

      The following table sets out the breakdown of the revenue-bearing GFA of the properties developed by Country
      Garden Real Estate Group and the properties developed by independent third-party property developers for the
      years indicated:

                                                            As at 31 December 2024                     As at 31 December 2023
                                                              Revenue-                                   Revenue-
                                                               bearing                                     bearing
                                                                   GFA                                        GFA
                                                           (’000 sq.m.)           (%)                 (’000 sq.m.)            (%)

       Properties developed by independent
         third-party property developers                        530,859                   51.2             480,757                   50.2
       Properties developed by Country
         Garden Real Estate Group(Note 1)                       506,013                   48.8             476,168                   49.8

      Total                                                   1,036,872                 100.0              956,925                 100.0

      Note 1:   Properties developed by Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CG Holdings” or “CGH”) and its subsidiaries (“CGH
                Group”), joint ventures and associates (the “Country Garden Real Estate Group”) independently or jointly with other parties.




*     The Group did not recognise revenue in respect of the consideration receivable but not yet collected from the High Risk Customers
      even though the relevant contractual obligations have been fulfilled by the Group (the “Uncollected Amounts from the High Risk
      Customers”). The adjusted revenue represents the revenue after adding back the Uncollected Amounts from the High Risk Customers.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024          21
Management Discussion and Analysis


        As at 31 December 2024, the revenue-bearing GFA of the Group increased by approximately 80.0 million sq.m.
        from approximately 956.9 million sq.m. for the same period in 2023 to approximately 1,036.9 million sq.m., mainly
        due to the increase in revenue-bearing GFA from third parties resulted from the proactive expansion, and the
        conversion of the Group’s reserved contracted GFA of the properties developed by Country Garden Real Estate
        Group into revenue-bearing GFA during the Year.

(II)    Community value-added services

        During the Year, the revenue from community value-added services increased by approximately 11.8% to
        approximately RMB4,194.3 million from approximately RMB3,752.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023,
        accounting for approximately 9.5% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2023: approximately 8.8%).

        The increase in revenue from community value-added services was mainly attributable to:

        (a)    During the Year, the revenue from local living services including home decoration intermediate services
               increased by approximately 28.3% to approximately RMB2,188.4 million from approximately RMB1,705.6
               million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

        (b)    During the Year, the revenue from community media services decreased by approximately 20.6% to
               approximately RMB642.8 million from approximately RMB809.1 million for the year ended 31 December
               2023.

        (c)    During the Year, the revenue from home services decreased by approximately 1.7% to approximately
               RMB571.6 million from approximately RMB581.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

        (d)    During the Year, the revenue from real estate brokerage services decreased by approximately 9.7% to
               approximately RMB326.1 million from approximately RMB361.3 million for the year ended 31 December
               2023.

        (e)    During the Year, the revenue from community area services increased by approximately 57.5% to
               approximately RMB465.4 million from approximately RMB295.5 million for the year ended 31 December
               2023.

        During the Year, the Group transcended the limitations of traditional retail by deepening scenario-based
        experiences and continuously optimizing service chain, establishing a “property services + professional attitude”
        proximity trust-chain retail model. The Group established collaborations with renowned brands such as Wuliangye,
        Guotai and Jiuzhongjiu to launch liquor products, holistically bolstering revenue growth for local living services.

(III)   Value-added services to non-property owners

        During the Year, the revenue from value-added services to non-property owners decreased by approximately
        54.6% to approximately RMB704.5 million from approximately RMB1,553.4 million for the year ended 31 December
        2023, accounting for approximately 1.6% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2023: approximately 3.6%).

        The decrease in revenue from value-added services to non-property owners was mainly due to the proactive
        suppression of the transaction scale with related parties by the Group.




              22   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


(IV)   “Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

       During the Year, the revenue from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business currently includes the
       revenue arising from property management and other related services and heat supply services.

       Among which, the revenue from property management and other related services increased by approximately
       31.0% to approximately RMB6,539.3 million from approximately RMB4,992.2 million for the year ended
       31 December 2023, accounting for approximately 14.9% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2023:
       approximately 11.7%).

       The revenue from heat supply services increased by approximately 5.8% to approximately RMB1,617.0 million
       from approximately RMB1,528.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, accounting for approximately 3.7%
       of the total revenue (for the same period in 2023: approximately 3.6%).

       The increase in the revenue from the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business was mainly due to (i)
       the increase in the revenue-bearing GFA of the property management services of the “Three Supplies and Property
       Management” business; and (ii) the increase in revenue scale as a result of the conversion of certain associates
       and joint ventures into controlling subsidiaries through further acquisitions of their remaining equity interests by the
       Company’s subsidiaries.

(V)    City Services

       During the Year, the revenue from city services decreased from approximately RMB4,883.6 million for the year
       ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB4,167.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately 14.7%,
       accounting for approximately 9.5% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2023: approximately 11.5%).

       The decrease in the revenue from city services was mainly due to the decreased number of projects actually taken
       up for the city services during the Year because of the combined effects of the Group’s voluntary withdrawal from
       certain sanitation projects due to implementation of quality and health control and fierce market competition.
       The Group will continue to proactively explore new high-quality projects, environmental protection business and
       renewable resources business, to establish new business growth points.

(VI)   Commercial Operational Services

       During the Year, the revenue from commercial operational services decreased from approximately RMB1,012.4
       million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB627.0 million, representing a decrease of
       approximately 38.1%, accounting for approximately 1.4% of the total revenue (for the same period in 2023:
       approximately 2.4%).

       The decrease in the revenue from commercial operational services was mainly due to the strategic considerations
       for the Group’s overall business development. The subsidiaries of the Company negotiated with the Country
       Garden Real Estate Group for an early termination of the property lease agreements and commercial engagement
       agreements signed by the end of 2023, which would help to reduce the reliance on connected persons for the
       commercial operational business. The Group will continue to expand the commercial operational business to
       the external market, and to achieve the long-term development of the Group by relying on third-party forces and
       continue to maintain the independence and marketization of the commercial operational business.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024         23
Management Discussion and Analysis


Costs

The Group’s costs include (i) staff cost, (ii) cleaning cost, (iii) heat supply cost, (iv) maintenance cost, (v) utilities, (vi)
greening and gardening cost, (vii) security expenses, (viii) cost of sales of goods, (ix) transportation cost, (x) office and
communication cost, (xi) taxes and surcharges, (xii) employee uniform expenses, (xiii) depreciation and amortisation
charges, (xiv) community activities cost, (xv) travelling and entertainment cost, (xvi) construction costs for infrastructure
under service concession arrangements, (xvii) other labor outsourcing costs, and (xviii) others. During the Year, the costs
were approximately RMB35,592.3 million, representing an increase of approximately 5.1% as compared to approximately
RMB33,879.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase in costs was mainly due to combined impact
of the increased amount of the related costs as a result of the growth in the Group’s property management services,
community value-added services and “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, exceeding the decreased
amount of the cost related to value-added services to non-property owners, commercial operational services and city
services business.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

During the Year, the overall gross profit decreased by approximately RMB331.3 million to approximately RMB8,400.6
million from approximately RMB8,731.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing a decrease of
approximately 3.8%. In particular, the total gross profit of property management services, community value-added
services and the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business for the Year increased by 2.3% over the same
period in 2023, continuing to maintain steady growth.

During the Year, the overall gross profit margin decreased by 1.4 percentage points to approximately 19.1% from
approximately 20.5% for the year ended 31 December 2023. The decrease in overall gross profit margin is mainly due
to (i) since August 2023, after the Group has provided services to certain customers with significantly increased credit
risks, the Group will only recognise the consideration received as revenue when the Group has fulfilled its contractual
obligations and has received the consideration from those customers, resulting in a decrease in relevant revenue; and
(ii) reasons such as the effect of external adverse factors and the differences of gross profit margins among various
businesses coupled with the changes of their percentage in the total revenue respectively, and the fact that the Group
has proactively improved the service qualities, as a result, there was a decrease in the gross profit margin of other
businesses apart from the property management and other related services under the “Three Supplies and Property
Management” business of the Group.

After excluding the impact of amortisation charges of intangible assets — contracts and customers relationships and
brands arising from mergers and acquisitions and the reason (i) for the decrease in gross profit margin as stated above,
the adjusted overall gross profit margin was approximately 22.8% (for the same period in 2023: approximately 23.9%).
The overall adjusted gross profit of property management services, community value-added services and the “Three
Supplies and Property Management” business for the Year increased by 6.4% over the same period in 2023.

(i)   Property management services

      During the Year, the gross profit margin of property management services decreased by 1.8 percentage points to
      approximately 20.3% from approximately 22.1% for the year ended 31 December 2023.

      The decrease in gross profit margin of property management services was mainly due to (i) since August 2023,
      after the Group has provided services to certain customers with significantly increased credit risks, the Group will
      only recognise the consideration received as revenue when the Group has fulfilled its contractual obligations and
      has received the consideration from those customers; and (ii) the increase in the Group’s costs for cleaning, green
      landscaping and gardening to enhance the quality of its projects.

      After excluding the impact of amortisation charges of intangible assets — contracts and customer relationships
      and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions and the reason (i) for the decrease in gross profit margin of
      property management services as stated above, the adjusted gross profit margin of property management services
      decreased by 0.8 percentage point to approximately 25.6% from approximately 26.4% for the year ended 31
      December 2023.



         24      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


(ii)    Community value-added services

        During the Year, the gross profit margin of community value-added services decreased by 0.8 percentage point to
        approximately 38.6% from approximately 39.4% for the year ended 31 December 2023.

        The decrease in gross profit margin of community value-added services was mainly due to changes in business
        structure.

(iii)   Value-added services to non-property owners

        During the Year, the gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners increased by 0.6
        percentage point to approximately 1.6% from approximately 1.0% for the year ended 31 December 2023. The
        gross profit margin of value-added services to non-property owners remained stable.

(iv)    “Three Supplies and Property Management” Business

        During the Year, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, the gross profit margin of property
        management and other related services increased from approximately 7.4% for the year ended 31 December 2023
        to approximately 10.0%, representing an increase of 2.6 percentage points.

        The increase in the gross profit margin of the property management services and other related services under the
        “Three Supplies and Property Management” business was mainly due to the implementation of the cost savings
        as a result of the implementation of governance towards loss-making residential properties projects and the
        enhancement of refined management during the Year.

        During the Year, for the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business, the gross profit margin of heat
        supply services decreased from approximately 9.8% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately 5.9%,
        representing a decrease of 3.9 percentage points.

        The decrease in the gross profit margin of heat supply services under the “Three Supplies and Property
        Management” business was mainly due to the increase in raw material costs for heat supply.

(v)     City Services

        During the Year, the gross profit margin of city services decreased from approximately 16.8% for the year ended
        31 December 2023 to approximately 12.8%, representing a decrease of 4.0 percentage points.

        The decrease in the gross profit margin of city services was mainly due to the phase-out of certain projects during
        the Year, which led to a lag in cost adjustment.

(vi)    Commercial Operational Services

        During the Year, the gross profit margin of commercial operational services decreased from approximately 30.9%
        for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately 16.4%, representing a decrease of 14.5 percentage
        points.

        The decrease in the gross profit margin of commercial operational services was mainly due to the termination of
        cooperation of certain projects originating from related parties, which resulted in a lag in cost adjustment. Also, the
        newly developed third-party projects during the Year are still in the pre-opening preparation stage and have not
        been leased out to the public, resulting in a low overall occupancy rate. Due to the existing upfront cost input, the
        overall gross profit margin decreased.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024         25
Management Discussion and Analysis


General and Administrative Expenses

During the Year, general and administrative expenses were approximately RMB4,442.7 million, representing an increase
of approximately 14.9% as compared with approximately RMB3,866.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.
The percentage of general and administrative expenses increased by 1.0 percentage point from approximately 9.1% for
the same period in 2023 to approximately 10.1%.

In addition, after excluding the expense of share options, the adjusted percentage of general and administrative expenses
increased by 0.3 percentage point from approximately 9.5% for the same period in 2023 to approximately 9.8%.

Other Income

During the Year, other income was approximately RMB254.4 million, representing a decrease of approximately 46.7% as
compared with approximately RMB477.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

The decrease in other income was mainly due to the decrease in government subsidy during the Year and dividend
income generated from equity investments in certain entities as compared to the same period last year.

Other Gains — Net

During the Year, other gains — net were approximately RMB484.7 million, representing an increase of approximately
RMB323.3 million as compared with approximately RMB161.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

The increase in other gains – net was mainly due to the increase in fair value gains of contingent consideration related to
performance guarantees arising from the implementation of mergers and acquisitions in previous years.

Income Tax Expense

During the Year, income tax expense was approximately RMB832.2 million, representing an increase of approximately
47.8% as compared to approximately RMB562.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase in income
tax expense was mainly due to the change in deferred income tax expense of the Group for the Year.

Profit for the Year

During the Year, the net profit of the Group was approximately RMB1,874.5 million, representing an increase of
approximately 262.8% as compared to approximately RMB516.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

During the Year, the profit attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB1,808.4 million,
representing an increase of approximately 518.7% as compared to approximately RMB292.3 million for the year ended
31 December 2023.

During the Year, the profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of the Company was approximately RMB66.2
million, representing a decrease of approximately 70.5% as compared to approximately RMB224.4 million for the year
ended 31 December 2023.

During the Year, the core net profit* attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately RMB3,038.1 million,
representing a decrease of approximately 22.9% as compared to approximately RMB3,939.5 million for the year ended
31 December 2023.

Net Cash Generated from Operating Activities during the Year

During the Year, the Group recorded net cash generated from operating activities of approximately RMB3,873.1 million,
representing a decrease of approximately 16.1% as compared to approximately RMB4,614.8 million for the year ended
31 December 2023.




         26      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


The ratio of net cash generated from operating activities divided by the core net profit* attributable to the owners of the
Company was approximately 1.3 times for the Year, representing an increase of approximately 0.1 time as compared to
approximately 1.2 times for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Group was in a stable financial position with strong
performance in cash flows from operating activities and sufficient liquidity reserves.

The Equity Attributable to Owners of the Company

The equity attributable to owners of the Company increased from approximately RMB36,155.9 million as at 31 December
2023 to approximately RMB36,617.0 million as at 31 December 2024, representing an increase of approximately
RMB461.1 million, which was mainly attributable to the combined effect of: (i) the increase in equity attributable to owners
of the Company due to the total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company of RMB1,913.3 million for
the Year, (ii) the decrease in equity attributable to owners of the Company due to the dividend distribution of RMB984.9
million for the Year, (iii) the purchase of a total of 106,880,000 ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.0001 each in
the issued share capital of the Company (the “Shares”) by the trustee pursuant to the share award scheme through the
Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanisms during the Year, and
the total consideration paid for the purchase of such shares, amounting to RMB545.4 million, had been deducted from
equity attributable to owners of the Company.

Intangible Assets

The intangible assets of the Group mainly comprise goodwill arising from equity acquisitions, contracts and customer
relationships, software assets, insurance brokerage licenses, brands and concession intangible assets.

As at 31 December 2024, the intangible assets of the Group were approximately RMB22,162.3 million, representing a
decrease of approximately RMB1,765.0 million compared to approximately RMB23,927.3 million as at 31 December
2023.

This was mainly due to the fact that a provision of approximately RMB990.0 million has been made by the Group during
the Year for impairment of goodwill of Country Garden Manguo Environmental Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“Manguo”),
a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and the amortisation arising from the intangible assets of approximately
RMB1,227.8 million during the Year.

Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include equity investments in certain entities.

As at 31 December 2024, the balance of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income of the
Group was approximately RMB556.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB3,761.3 million compared
to approximately RMB4,318.0 million as at 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the withdrawal of certain
investment by the Group during the Year.

Trade and Other Receivables

Trade and other receivables include trade receivables, other receivables, prepayments to suppliers and prepayments for
other taxes.




*     Core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding expenses of share options, unrealised gains or losses from financial assets
      at fair value through profit or loss, amortisation charges of intangible assets — contracts and customer relationships, insurance brokerage
      licenses and brands arising from mergers and acquisitions and impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, impairment of loans to
      third parties pledged by equities, losses from disposal of subsidiaries, expected losses on external guarantee, impairment of receivables
      from related parties and fair value gains of contingent consideration related to performance guarantees.


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024              27
Management Discussion and Analysis


As at 31 December 2024, the Group recorded net trade receivables of approximately RMB17,689.4 million, representing
an increase of approximately RMB1,310.9 million compared to approximately RMB16,378.5 million as at 31 December
2023, due to the progress of the consolidated fees from each business to be improved, which is mainly attributable to the
long payment period of customers for property management services and city services of the Group, and the significant
increase in the revenue scale of the “Three Supplies and Property Management” business resulted in the increase in the
corresponding trade receivables.

The Group recorded trade receivables from CGH Group of approximately RMB2,364.7 million, representing a decrease
of approximately RMB393.2 million compared to approximately RMB2,757.9 million as at 31 December 2023, and
approximately RMB311.1 million of the total expected credit loss provision for the trade receivables from CGH Group
was thus reversed accordingly.

The net other receivables was approximately RMB3,663.2 million as at 31 December 2024, representing a decrease of
approximately RMB142.0 million compared to approximately RMB3,805.2 million as at 31 December 2023, which was
mainly due to the decrease in current accounts due from third parties.

Contract Liabilities

The contract liabilities mainly arose from the advance payments made by customers for property management services
and community value-added services, which are yet to be provided.

The contract liabilities increased from approximately RMB7,591.5 million as at 31 December 2023 to approximately
RMB8,245.3 million as at 31 December 2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB653.8 million, which was
mainly due to the increase in the advance payments for property management services.

Trade and Other Payables

Trade and other payables include trade payables, other payables, contingent consideration for business combination,
payroll payables and other tax payables.

Trade payables primarily represent payables for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
business from suppliers, including purchase of goods, materials and utilities as well as purchase from sub-contractors.

As at 31 December 2024, trade payables of the Group were approximately RMB8,634.2 million, representing an increase
of approximately RMB1,417.9 million compared to approximately RMB7,216.3 million as at 31 December 2023, primarily
due to the increase in the costs of sales resulted in the increase in the related goods and material procurement costs,
labor outsourcing costs and utility fees.

Other payables primarily include (i) deposits from property owners in relation to interior decorations; (ii) temporary receipts
of fees from property owners (mainly consisting of utilities fees collected from property owners and income generated
from common area value-added services that belongs to property owners); (iii) provision for financial guarantee; (iv)
outstanding considerations payable for business combinations; (v) dividend payables; and (vi) accruals and others (mainly
in relation to payables to third parties and advances).

Other payables decreased from approximately RMB6,029.8 million as at 31 December 2023 to approximately
RMB6,021.3 million as at 31 December 2024, primarily due to the decrease in the deposits.

Capital Management

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
in order to provide returns for the Shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
structure to reduce the cost of capital.




         28      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to the
Shareholders, issue new shares, or sell assets to reduce debt.

The Group monitors its capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity.
Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents.

As at 31 December 2024, the bank and other borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately RMB870.3 million (31
December 2023: approximately RMB1,569.5 million). All borrowings due during the Year were repaid on time.

As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the gearing ratio of the Group was maintained at net cash position.

Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

As at 31 December 2024, total bank deposits and cash (including restricted bank deposits and time deposits) of the
Group were approximately RMB18,178.6 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB5,239.3 million as
compared with approximately RMB12,939.3 million as at 31 December 2023. Total bank deposits and cash were
denominated in the following currencies:

                                                         31 December 2024                        31 December 2023
                                                       (RMB’000)                   (%)         (RMB’000)                  (%)

 RMB                                                   13,833,239                 76.1        12,615,141                97.5
 HKD                                                      172,271                  0.9           195,269                 1.5
 Other currencies                                       4,173,092                 23.0           128,867                 1.0

                                                       18,178,602               100.0         12,939,277               100.0

Out of the total bank deposits and cash of the Group, there are: (i) time deposits of approximately RMB2,281.4 million,
and (ii) restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB560.0 million (31 December 2023: approximately RMB302.1
million), mainly represented judicially frozen funds, cash deposits in bank as performance security for property
management services according to the requirements of the local government authorities, and the deposits made as
performance security for business contracts of Manguo and Fujian Dongfei Environment Group Co., Ltd. (福建東飛環境
集團有限公司) (“Fujian Dongfei”), the subsidiaries of the Group.

As at 31 December 2024, the net current assets of the Group were approximately RMB13,896.0 million (31 December
2023: approximately RMB9,485.9 million). The current ratio (current assets/current liabilities) of the Group was
approximately 1.5 times (31 December 2023: 1.4 times).

Key Risk Factors and Uncertainties

The following content lists out the key risks and uncertainties confronted by the Group. It is a non-exhaustive list and
there may be other risks and uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.

Industry Risk

The Group’s businesses are affected by the overall economy, market conditions and the policies and regulations of
the property management industry. When there are changes in economic conditions that lead to fluctuations in the
consumption levels and purchasing power of businesses and individuals, these fluctuations may affect the Group’s
business operations and collection of payments for businesses. When there are significant changes in the PRC real
estate market that exceed expectations, these changes may affect the growth of the Group’s revenue-bearing GFA
and related revenue growth. When the government adjusts policies and regulations for property management industry,
these adjustments may have a significant impact on the business strategies of property enterprises (including the Group),
service offerings and charging standards.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024       29
Management Discussion and Analysis


Business Risk

The Group’s ability to maintain or improve the Group’s current level of profitability depends on the Group’s ability to
control operating costs (particularly labour costs) and the Group’s profit margins and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected by the increase in labour or other operating costs; the Group may not procure new
property management services contracts as planned or at desirable pace or price; the Group may not be able to collect
property management fees from customers and as a result, may incur impairment losses on receivables; termination
or non-renewal of a significant number of the Group’s property management services contracts could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations.

Foreign Exchange Risk

The Group’s businesses were principally located in the PRC. Except for bank deposits and trade receivables, the Group
was not subject to any other material risk directly relating to foreign exchange fluctuations. The management will continue
to monitor the foreign exchange exposure, take prudent measures and develop hedging strategies as appropriate to
reduce foreign exchange risks.

Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had 214,346 employees (31 December 2023: 213,712 employees). During the
Year, the total staff costs were approximately RMB16,387.8 million.

The remuneration package of the employees includes salary, bonus and other cash subsidies. Employees are rewarded
on a performance-related basis, together with reference to the profitability of the Group, remuneration benchmarks in the
industry and prevailing market conditions, in accordance with the policy of the Group on compensation and welfare.

The Group is subject to social insurance contribution plans or other pension schemes prescribed by the local
governments and is required to pay on behalf of its employees, monthly social insurance funds covering pension fund,
medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and unemployment insurance, and the housing
provident fund, or to contribute regularly to other mandatory provident fund schemes on behalf of its employees.

The Group has also adopted certain share option schemes and share award scheme, details of which can be referred
to the sections headed “MAJOR EVENTS DURING THE YEAR” and “SHARE OPTION SCHEMES” and “SHARE AWARD
SCHEME” in this report.

Employee Training and Development

CG Services focuses on building a comprehensive cultivation system to conduct in-depth research into the key
competencies required at each stage of employees’ career development. By focusing on enhancing capabilities and
professional development, the Company strengthened its backup talent pipeline, and meticulously crafted a multi-
dimensional and multi-tier talent cultivation system to support employees’ in boosting their career competitiveness.

In order to enhance the ability of employees to cope with the current business changes, the Company has newly
upgraded its digital learning platform “BIXUETANG College (碧學堂)” by introducing external high-quality course
resources and developing appropriate online courses for employees at all levels. Meanwhile, in order to support business
development more efficiently, the Company has designed regular learning programmes such as “One Moment (一刻堂)”
and “Regular Meeting Learning (例會學習)”, achieving vertical integration of operational capabilities. As of 31 December
2024, “BIXUETANG College” accumulatively launched 1,208 online courses and operated 4,168 learning programmes,
with average learning hours per employee of 54.4 hours.




         30      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


In order to enhance the ability of core management cadres to solve future business challenges, the Company designed
talent cultivation projects such as the “Cornerstone Programme (基石計劃)”, “Rising Stars Programme (新銳計劃)”,
“Excellence Programme (卓越計劃)”, “Domain Programme (領域計劃)” and “Defense Officer Program (碧防官計劃)” for
key groups, and comprehensively enhanced the business and management capabilities of employees by constructing
key position profiles and evaluation systems, identifying shortcomings in their abilities, and matching them with training
and learning programmes.

In addition, the Company was approved as the “Guangdong Province Industry-Education-Assessment Skills Ecological
Chain Master Cultivation Unit (廣東省產教評技能生態鏈鏈主培育單位)” in June 2024. Since the launch of its self-
assessment, the aggregate number of employees who have taken certification exams was 14,926, with 9,993 certificates
issued in aggregate. During the Year, 138 certificates in aggregate have been issued across positions such as landscape
gardener, housekeeping attendant and property management specialist, supplying a significant number of skilled
professionals to both the Company and society.

Charge on Assets

As at 31 December 2024, several subsidiaries of the Group carried out borrowing and sale and leaseback financing loan
business with banks and financial leasing companies to meet their respective daily operational needs. These were mainly
secured by rights of collection of certain of their respective city service projects and certain equipment.

Contingent Liabilities

Please refer to note 33 to the consolidated financial statements in this report for details of contingent liabilities as at 31
December 2024, which were contingent considerations arising from business combinations. Save as disclosed, the
Group did not have any other contingent liabilities.

External Guarantee

As at 31 December 2024, save as disclosed in note 43 to the consolidated financial statements in this report, the Group
did not have any other external guarantee.

Material Acquisitions, Disposals and Significant Investments

During the Year, save for the events stated in the “MAJOR EVENTS DURING THE YEAR” below, the Group had no
material acquisitions or disposals and no individually significant investments.

MAJOR EVENTS DURING THE YEAR
(1) The Termination of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement and the Possible Acquisition and (2) the End of
the Offer Period

Unless the context requires otherwise, capitalised terms used in this section shall bear the same meanings as defined in
the joint announcement of the Company and Hopefluent Group Holdings Limited (“Hopefluent”) dated 7 February 2024.

On 7 February 2024, the parties to the Strategic Cooperation Agreement (Country Garden Property Services HK
Holdings Company Limited (“CG Property Services HK”), Mr. Fu Wai Chung (the executive director and controlling
shareholder of Hopefluent), China-net Holding Ltd. and Hopefluent) entered into the Termination Agreement to terminate
the Strategic Cooperation Agreement after considering, among other matters, the prevailing market conditions, recent
volatility in the capital markets, changes in the parties’ expectation with respect to the implementation timeframe of
the subject transactions and the underlying strategic and cooperation objectives, and hence the Subscription will
not proceed. For the above reasons, the discussion between CG Property Services HK and China-net Holding Ltd.
with respect to the Possible Acquisition has also been terminated and will not proceed. Pursuant to the Termination
Agreement, all antecedent obligations and liabilities of CG Property Services HK, Mr. Fu Wai Chung, China-net Holding
Ltd. and Hopefluent under the Strategic Cooperation Agreement shall be absolutely released and discharged in all aspects
with immediate effect.


                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024         31
Management Discussion and Analysis


Despite the termination, the parties expect to continue to engage in amicable discussions to explore plans to deepen
the long-term strategic cooperation between the Group and the Hopefluent (together with its subsidiaries) with a view to
achieving business synergies in the realm of real estate agency services.

For the purpose of the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs published by the Securities and Futures
Commission of Hong Kong, the offer period commenced on 6 November 2023 and ended on 7 February 2024. Please
refer to the joint announcement of the Company and Hopefluent dated 7 February 2024 for further details.

(1) Resignation of Executive Director; (2) Appointment of Independent Non-Executive Director; (3) Change of
Board Committee Members; and (4) Change of Joint Company Secretary and Authorised Representative

Mr. Guo Zhanjun has resigned from his position as an executive Director and a member of the environmental, social and
governance committee of the Company with effect from 3 April 2024 in order to devote more time to focus on the human
resources management and marketing management of the Group as a result of the adjustment of the Group’s internal
work division. In addition, Mr. Zhao Jun has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of
the audit committee, nomination committee and environmental, social and governance committee of the Company with
effect from 3 April 2024. Ms. Yang Huiyan and Mr. Chen Weiru have been appointed as members of the environmental,
social and governance committee of the Company, all with effect from 3 April 2024. Mr. Huang Peng has resigned from
his position as the joint company secretary of the Company (the “Joint Company Secretary”) and the authorised
representative of the Company (the “Authorised Representative”) pursuant to Rule 3.05 of the Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) with effect from 3 April 2024 in
order to devote more time on his duties as the executive president and chief financial officer of the Company, including
being responsible for the Group’s new strategic incubation businesses as well as financial management matters etc. Mr.
Chen Dilin has been appointed as the Joint Company Secretary and the Authorised Representative with effect from 3
April 2024. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 3 April 2024 for further details.

Adoption of the 2024 Share Option Scheme and Termination of the 2020 Share Option Scheme

On 3 April 2024, the Board proposed to terminate the share option scheme approved and adopted by the Shareholders
on 28 September 2020 (the “2020 Share Option Scheme”), which is conditional upon the passing by the Shareholders
of the resolution(s) in relation to the share option scheme to be proposed to the Shareholders for approval and adoption
at the general meeting to be convened by the Company (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”). Adoption of the 2024
Share Option Scheme was subsequently approved by the Shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting of the
Company held on 9 July 2024. On the same day, the Board has resolved to terminate the 2020 Share Option Scheme
and to cancel the 24,792,000 outstanding options granted but not yet exercised under the 2020 Share Option Scheme.
Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 3 April 2024 and 9 July 2024, and the circular of the Company
dated 19 June 2024 for further details.

Amendments to the Equity Transfer Agreements and the Performance Guarantees in relation to the
Acquisition of a total of 60% Equity Interest in Fujian Dongfei

On 22 July 2024, Country Garden Life Services Group Co., Ltd. (“CG Life Services”) and CG Property Services HK
entered into a supplemental agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement”) with, among others, Fuzhou Dingrong
Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. and One Supreme Limited (“One Supreme”). As Fujian Dongfei failed
to fulfill one of the performance guarantees set out in the equity transfer agreements entered into by the relevant parties
on 30 October 2020 (the “Equity Transfer Agreements”), One Supreme will make payment by way of compensation
through equity interest and transfer its 25% equity interest in Genuine Investment Group Limited to CG Property Services
HK at nil cash consideration pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreements as amended by the Supplemental Agreement.
During the Year, the equity interest compensation transaction was completed, and the Company indirectly held an
aggregate of 67.5% effective shareholding in Fujian Dongfei. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 22
July 2024 for further details.




         32      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


Grant of Share Options

On 22 July 2024, the Company offered to grant a total of 225,350,000 share options to 60 employee participants which
comprise two Directors, to subscribe for an aggregate of 225,350,000 ordinary shares of US$0.0001 each in the share
capital of the Company under the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme adopted by the Company on 9 July 2024,
subject to the acceptance of the grantees and the payment of consideration for accepting the offer of HK$1.00 by the
grantees upon acceptance of the share options. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 22 July 2024
for further details.

Establishment of the Debt Recovery Committee

On 22 August 2024, the Board announced that a debt recovery committee was established. On the same day, two
executive Directors (including the President), one independent non-executive Director and two members of the core
management have been appointed as members of the debt recovery committee and the President and executive
Director has been appointed as the chairman of the committee.

The purpose of establishing the debt recovery committee is to facilitate the timely recovery of the Group’s trade
receivables, to improve the efficiency of decision-making and execution of matters relating to the recovery of the Group’s
trade receivables, to safeguard the operating cash flow, to assist the Board of the Company in maintaining a sound
and effective risk management and internal control system for effective risk prevention, and to report to the Board on a
regular basis on the progress of the recovery process, and to recommend to the Board of Directors to take appropriate
corporate actions as and when appropriate to protect the interests of the Shareholders of the Company.

Disposal of a Total of Approximately 1.8% Equity Interest in Zhuhai Wanda

On 24 September 2024 and 29 October 2024, CG Property Services HK entered into two supplemental agreements with
Zhuhai Wanying Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Zhuhai Wanying”) and Dalian Wanda Commercial Management
Group Co., Ltd. (“Dalian Wanda”, together with Zhuhai Wanying, the “Wanda Parties”), respectively, pursuant to which
CG Property Services HK has agreed to sell, and the Wanda Parties have agreed to acquire a total of approximately
1.8% equity interest in Zhuhai Wanda Commercial Management Group Co., Ltd. (“Zhuhai Wanda”) (the “Disposal”) at
a consideration in aggregate of RMB3,791,323,805. As of the date of this report, the Disposal was completed, and CG
Property Services HK no longer holds any shares of Zhuhai Wanda. Please refer to the announcements of the Company
dated 24 September 2024 and 29 October 2024 for further details.

Change of Auditors

On 21 October 2024, the Board announced that in light of the market information, and taking into account the
Company’s current business development and future needs for audit services, PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”)
has agreed to resign as the auditor of the Company with effect from 21 October 2024. On the same day, with the
recommendation from the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”), the Board has resolved to appoint
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (“Deloitte”) as the auditor of the Company to fill the casual vacancy following the resignation
of PwC with effect from 21 October 2024 and to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the
Company. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 21 October 2024 for further details.

Adoption of New Share Award Scheme

On 18 November 2024, the Company adopted a share award scheme, pursuant to which the Board may select
employee participants to compete for share awards. The Board may also select service providers to participate in the
scheme. The share award scheme was adopted with the following objectives: (i) to incentivize core talents who play an
important role in the future operations and development of the Company and (ii) to reward selected participants for their
contributions to the Company.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024        33
Management Discussion and Analysis


The maximum number of Shares that may be awarded under the share award scheme shall not exceed 109,000,000
Shares, representing approximately 3.26% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the adoption date. The
maximum number of awarded shares that may be granted to a selected participant under the share award scheme
shall not exceed 33,430,000 Shares, representing approximately 1% of the issued share capital of the Company at the
adoption date.

During the Year, pursuant to the share award scheme, the trustee has purchased a total of 106,880,000 Shares in
aggregate in the market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
mechanisms at a total consideration (including transaction costs) of approximately RMB545,443,000; and as at the date
of this report, the trustee has purchased a total of 109,000,000 Shares in aggregate in the market at a consideration
of approximately RMB556,547,000 (including transaction costs). The awarded shares will be held by the trustee on
trust for the relevant selected participants under the share award scheme until vesting, following the instructions of the
performance management working group. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 18 November 2024
for further details.

Intention to Conduct On-market Share Repurchase

On 18 November 2024, the Board announced that depending on the market conditions and the Company’s actual
needs at the relevant time, the Board intends to repurchase not more than 334,302,033 Shares, representing 10% of
the total number of issued Shares on the date of the annual general meeting of the Company held on 6 June 2024 (the
“AGM”), in the open market in accordance with the general mandate to repurchase Shares granted by the shareholders
of the Company at the AGM (the “Share Repurchase”). The relevant consideration for the Share Repurchase will be
settled with the existing available cash reserve of the Group. The Company will apply the repurchased Shares as treasury
Shares for the share scheme adopted or for cancellation of the Shares repurchased. The Board believes that the Share
Repurchase will demonstrate the Group’s confidence in its long-term business prospects, improve the returns to the
Shareholders and be in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole. The Board also believes that
the Group is in a stable financial position and is able to maintain sufficient financial resources to meet the needs of its
continuous business growth while conducting the Share Repurchase. Please refer to the announcement of the Company
dated 18 November 2024 for further details.

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD
There was no significant event affecting the Group occurred after 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report.




         34      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
 BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND
                  SENIOR MANAGEMENT
DIRECTORS
Ms. Yang Huiyan (楊惠妍), aged 43, was appointed as a non-executive Director and the chairman of the Board on 9
March 2018 and is responsible for the formulation and provision of guidance and development strategies for the overall
development of the Group. Ms. Yang is also the chairman of the nomination committee, a member of the remuneration
committee and the environmental, social and governance committee of the Company, as well as a director of certain
members of the Group. Ms. Yang is a controlling shareholder of the Company.

Ms. Yang joined CGH in March 2005 as a general manager of the procurement department, where she was responsible
for overall procurement decision making until November 2006. Ms. Yang was appointed as an executive director of
CGH in December 2006, a vice chairman of CGH in March 2012 and was re-designated from a vice chairman of CGH
to a co-chairman of CGH in December 2018 and succeeded the chairman of CGH from a co-chairman of CGH in
March 2023. Ms. Yang is also the chairman of the nomination committee, the corporate governance committee, the
environmental, social and governance committee and the executive committee as well as a member of the remuneration
committee and the finance committee of CGH and a director of various subsidiaries of CGH. As at 31 December 2024, Ms.
Yang owned a total of 51.94% interest in CGH.

Ms. Yang graduated from Ohio State University in the United States in March 2005, where she obtained a bachelor
degree in business administration and she also obtained an EMBA degree from Tsinghua University in 2019. Ms. Yang
was awarded “China Charity Award Special Contribution Award” in 2008, “China Poverty Alleviation Award Contribution
Award” in 2019 and “The 11th China Charity Award Individual Donor Award” in 2021.

Mr. Xu Binhuai (徐彬淮), aged 46, was appointed as an executive Director, the president, the authorised representative,
the chairman of the environmental, social and governance committee and the agent for the service of process in Hong
Kong on 10 October 2023. He was later appointed as the chairman of the debt recovery committee on 22 August
2024. Mr. Xu is primarily responsible for the overall strategic decision-making, business planning and major operational
decision-making of the Group. Mr. Xu has also been directors and managers of certain members of the Group.

Mr. Xu was appointed as the vice president and the chief strategy officer of the Company successively from October
2016 to October 2023 and was primarily responsible for business innovation strategic planning, operation management,
digital management, intelligent manufacturing and community life service business operation.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Xu served in various positions in marketing at DHL-SINOTRANS International Air Courier
Ltd.* (中外運–敦豪國際航空快件有限公司), including as manager of sales performance team and regional sales and
marketing planning manager, where he was mainly responsible for sales planning and performance management from
November 2004 to February 2010. He served as the head of marketing department of North Asia region at American
President Lines (China) Co., Ltd. (美國總統輪船（中國）有限公司), a logistics company, where he was mainly responsible
for marketing and sales management in North Asia region from March 2010 to October 2012. He served as a senior
project manager at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants (Shanghai) Company Limited* (羅蘭貝格企業管理（上海）有限
公司), where he was in charge of business consulting services to transportation, logistics, tourism, public service sectors
and other sectors from November 2012 to February 2016. Mr. Xu joined CGH as the deputy general manager of the
corporate strategy office in March 2016 and was mainly responsible for strategic planning of new business lines until
September 2016.

Mr. Xu graduated from Fudan University in July 2002, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree in macromolecular material
and engineering. He graduated from the University of Hong Kong in November 2016, where he obtained a master’s
degree in business administration.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024       35
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Xiao Hua (肖華), aged 47, was appointed as an executive Director on 9 March 2018. He has been the vice president
of CG Life Services since February 2013 and was appointed as a member of the senior management of the Company
on 3 April 2024. Mr. Xiao is primarily responsible for the overall management of Guangzhou Tianli Property Service Co.,
Ltd* (廣州天力物業發展有限公司), the main domestic entity of Wealth Best Global Limited, and its subsidiaries since
January 2022. Mr. Xiao is also a member of the environmental, social and governance committee and the debt recovery
committee of the Company, as well as a director of certain members of the Group.

From April 2002 to April 2009, Mr. Xiao worked at the Group as an assistant manager, a deputy manager and a manager
at Chencun branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the security management and providing
assistance to day-to-day operation of the branch office, and a deputy manager, a manager and a senior manager at
Huabi branch office in Guangdong, where he was mainly responsible for the day-to-day operation and management of
the branch office. From April 2009 to December 2009, Mr. Xiao was promoted to regional director at Changsha branch
office and in January 2010, he was transferred to regional director of Zengcheng branch office, where he was primarily
responsible for the overall operation, management and brand development of property management services until
February 2013. From February 2013 to December 2018, Mr. Xiao served as vice president of CG Life Services, mainly
responsible for the overall management of value-added services to non-property owners. Since January 2019, Mr. Xiao
has started to serve as a director of Baoshihua Home Investment Management Company Limited* (寶石花家園投資管理
有限公司) (“Baoshihua”) and its subsidiaries while serving as the vice president of CG Life services, participating in the
overall management of Baoshihua.

Mr. Mei Wenjue (梅文珏), aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Mei is also a member of the audit committee and the
remuneration committee of the Company.

From 1994 to September 2008, Mr. Mei worked at China Southern Airlines Company Limited (中國南方航空股份有
限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600029) and the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 1055). From September 2008 to October 2014, he served as the chief representative at the
Shenzhen Office of China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院). Mr. Mei served as an independent
non-executive director of the board at Miko International Holdings Limited (米格國際控股有限公司), a company listed
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1247) from December 2013 to March 2016 and an independent
non-executive director of the board at CGH from May 2013 to March 2018. From November 2014 to December 2020,
Mr. Mei also served as the general manager at Guangzhou Ruizhi Car Rental Company Limited* (廣州瑞致租車有限公
司) (a company primarily engaged in car rental business). Mr. Mei is currently the director of Guangzhou Ruizhi Car Rental
Company Limited* (廣州瑞致租車有限公司), where he directs the company strategy planning and he also oversees the
overall operations.

Mr. Mei graduated from Sun Yat-Sen University (中山大學) in the PRC, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree of
English language and literature in June 1994 and a master’s degree of administrative management in June 2001. He
also received a master’s degree in business administration from the School of Management of Cranfield University in the
United Kingdom in June 2006.

Mr. Rui Meng (芮萌), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Rui is also the chairman of the audit committee as well as
a member of the nomination committee and the debt recovery committee of the Company.

Mr. Rui has been a professor of Finance and Accounting at China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學
院) since January 2012, and has held the title of Parkland Chair in Finance at China Europe International Business School
since October 2015.

Mr. Rui has been professionally qualified as a Certified Financial Analyst by the Association for Investment Management
and Research since September 2000 and a Financial Risk Manager (FRM) by the Global Association of Risk Professionals
(GARP) since April 2010.




         36      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Rui was an independent director of the board at Shang Gong Group Co., Ltd.* (上工申貝（集團）股份有限公
司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600843) from April 2017 to June 2023 and an
independent director of the board at Shanghai Hydee Software Corp., Ltd. (上海海典軟件股份有限公司), a company
listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 831317) from June 2020 to June 2023.

From June 2021 to August 2021, he was also an independent non-executive director of Sichuan Justbon Life Services
Group Co., Ltd.* (四川嘉寶生活服務集團股份有限公司) (formerly known as Sichuan Languang Justbon Services Group
Co., Ltd.* (四川藍光嘉寶服務集團股份有限公司) (“Justbon Services”), a company whose shares were listed on the
Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2606) and were withdrawn from listing in August 2021.

He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of the board at China Education Group Holdings Limited
(中國教育集團控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0839), an
independent non-executive director of the board of Landsea Green Management Limited (朗詩綠色管理有限公司)
(formerly known as Landsea Green Properties Co., Ltd. (朗詩綠色地產有限公司)), a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 106), an independent non-executive director of the board at Dexin Services Group
Limited (德信服務集團有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2215), an
independent director of Jiayin Group Inc., a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange (stock code: JFIN), an
independent director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (博實樂教育控股有限公司), a company listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU).

Mr. Rui graduated from University of International Relations (國際關係學院) in the PRC in July 1990, where he obtained
a bachelor’s degree in international economics. He also received a master’s degree of science in economics from
Oklahoma State University in the United States as well as a master’s degree in business administration and a doctor of
philosophy degree in business administration from the University of Houston in the United States in May 1993, December
1996 and August 1997, respectively.

Mr. Chen Weiru (陳威如), aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 May 2018 and is
responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Chen is also the chairman of the remuneration committee
and, a member of the audit committee, the nomination committee and the environmental, social and governance
committee of the Company.

Mr. Chen served as an associate professor of strategy at China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商
學院) since August 2020. He was an independent director of Fangdd Network Group Ltd. (房多多網絡集團有限公司),
a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange (stock code: DUO) from October 2019 to November 2022, and an
independent director of Blue City Holdings Limited (藍城兄弟控股有限公司), a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock
Exchange (stock code: BLCT), which withdrawn from listing in August 2022, from January 2021 to August 2022, an
independent director of WPG Holdings Limited (大聯大控股股份有限公司, formerly known as 大聯大投資控股股份
有限公司), a company listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code: 3702) from June 2020 to May 2023 and an
independent director of the board at Dian Diagnostics Group Co., Ltd. (迪安診斷技術集團股份有限公司), a company
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300244) from July 2017 to November 2023.

Mr. Chen currently serves as an independent director of the board at TAL Education Group (好未來教育集團), a
company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: TAL), an independent director of the board at Opple
Lighting Co.,Ltd. (歐普照明股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603515),
an independent director of the board at Jack Technology Co., Ltd. (傑克科技股份有限公司), formerly known as Jack
Sewing Machine Co., Ltd. (傑克縫紉機股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
603337), an independent non-executive director of Vision Deal HK Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition
company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 7827) and an independent director of
Universal Vision Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Taipei Exchange (stock code: 3218).

Mr. Chen graduated from National Taiwan University (國立台灣大學) in Taiwan in June 1993, where he obtained a
bachelor’s degree in business administration. In January 1996, he graduated from Tamkang University (淡江大學) in
Taiwan, where he obtained a master’s degree in business administration. He received a doctor of philosophy degree in
strategic management from Purdue University in the United States in December 2003.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024       37
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Zhao Jun (趙軍), aged 62, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 3 April 2024 and is
responsible for providing independent advice to the Board. Mr. Zhao is also a member of the audit committee, the
nomination committee and the environmental, social and governance committee of the Company.

Mr. Zhao has been the executive director and the manager of China Fellow Partners Limited (北京复樸道和投資管理有限
公司) since 2015. He also currently serves as an independent director of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (博實
樂教育控股有限公司), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BEDU), and Gansu Jingang Solar
Co. Ltd. (甘肅金剛光伏股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300093.SZ). In
addition, he previously worked for Chinavest Services Limited (中國創業投資服務有限公司) and DT Capital Management
Company Limited (德同資本管理有限公司). From January 2015 to August 2021, Mr. Zhao served as an independent
non-executive director of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行股份有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3968) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600036.SH).

Mr. Zhao graduated with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in marine engineering specialty from Harbin Engineering
University (formerly known as Harbin Shipbuilding Engineering Institute) of the PRC in July 1983. He also received a
master’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University of the PRC in May 1986, a doctor of philosophy
degree in civil engineering from the University of Houston in the United States in June 1993 and a master’s degree in
business administration from Yale School of Management in the United States in May 2000.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Huang Peng (黃鵬), aged 41, was appointed as the executive president of the Company on 10 October 2023.
He has been the chief financial officer since September 2016 and a joint company secretary of the Company since
March 2018 till 3 April 2024. He is primarily responsible for the implementation and management of new strategic
incubation business (i.e. city services, commercial operational services, Three Supplies and Property Management, real
estate agency services, asset management and other new businesses), financial management, strategic and significant
investment management of the Group at present. Mr. Huang also serves as directors and supervisors of certain members
of the Group.

Prior to joining the Group, from April 2006 to September 2009, Mr. Huang served as listing office manager and manager
of securities department in Vtron Group Co., Ltd.* (威創集團股份有限公司) (formerly known as Guangdong Vtron Video
Technologies Company Limited* (廣東威創視訊科技股份有限公司)), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
(stock code: 002308), which withdrawn from listing in September 2024, where he was responsible for investor relations
and investment management. From October 2009 to December 2015, he served in various positions including as the
head of finance, secretary of the board and deputy general manager in Pony Test Group Company Limited* (譜尼測試集
團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300887), where he was responsible
for financial management and board secretarial matters. Mr. Huang served as an independent director of the board at
Beijing Arrays Medical Imaging Corporation* (北京銳視康科技發展有限公司), a company engaged in production and
sales of medical imaging equipment, from December 2015 to December 2016. From May 2024 to March 2025, Mr.
Huang served as a non-executive director of Hopefluent, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 733).

Mr. Huang graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in the PRC in June 2005, where he obtained
a bachelor’s degree in transportation. He graduated from Guanghua School of Management of Peking University (北
京大學光華管理學院) in the PRC with a master’s degree in business administration in July 2012. He is currently taking
the course for Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) at Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in
the PRC. He became a PRC Certified Public Accountant (中國註冊會計師) certified by the Certified Public Accountant
Examination Committee of the Ministry of Finance (財政部註冊會計師考試委員會) in December 2014.




        38      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Guo Zhanjun (郭戰軍), aged 45, was appointed as an Executive Director on 9 March 2018 until his resignation
on 3 April 2024. He has also been the vice president of CG Life Services since he joined the Group in August 2017
and was appointed as the senior manager of the Company on 3 April 2024. Mr. Guo is primarily responsible for overall
management of human resources and coordinating market management of the Group. Mr. Guo is also a director of
certain members of the Group.

Prior to joining the Group, from July 2002 to September 2010, Mr. Guo held various positions including human resources
supervisor at Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Company Limited* (鄭州宇通客車股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (stock code: 600066), manager, senior manager and head of the human resources department at GD
Midea Air-Conditioning Equipment Co., Ltd* (廣東美的製冷設備有限公司) and human resources director at AUX Group
Co., Ltd.* (奧克斯集團有限公司), a company mainly engaged in the manufacturing and sales of electrical equipment and
home appliances. From August 2011 to March 2013, Mr. Guo was the head of the human resources department in the
concrete business unit of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (中聯重科股份有限公司) (formerly
known as Changsha Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Development Co., Ltd. (長沙中聯重工科技發展
股份有限公司)), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000157) and the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 1157).

Mr. Guo joined the CGH Group as a deputy general manager of the training and development department in July 2013
and was promoted to human resources director of Jiangzhong region in April 2014 and general manager of the recruiting
department in January 2016, where he was mainly responsible for human resources planning and management. From
June 2016 to February 2017, he left the CGH Group and joined the Beijing branch office of Thaihot Group Co., Ltd.*
(泰禾集團股份有限公司北京分公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000732), which
withdrawn from listing in August 2023, as a deputy general manager of the human resources department and human
resources director of the Beijing region. Mr. Guo returned to the CGH Group as the assistant general manager of
the human resources management centre in February 2017 and was responsible for human resources planning and
management until June 2017. From 17 June 2021, he has also been a non-executive director of Justbon Services.

Mr. Guo graduated from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in July 2002, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree
in environmental economic and resource management. He is currently studying a doctor of philosophy in Business
Administration at Belhaven University.

Mr. Chen Fenghua (陳風華), aged 45, was appointed as senior manager of the Company on 3 April 2024. He is the
vice president and director of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company, and the chairman, executive director and
president of Justbon Services, a subsidiary of the Company, and is primarily responsible for the overall management of
Justbon Services. Mr. Chen also serves as a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.

Mr. Chen has accumulated over 20 years of work experience in the property management industry. He joined CG Life
Services in July 2003 and has been engaged in various types of property management projects and served as the person
in charge of multiple projects and regions of CG Life Services. Mr. Chen was promoted to the position of vice president
of CG Life Services in September 2018, and was responsible for the overall management of the quality of the Group’s
property management services from September 2018 to June 2021. Mr. Chen has been responsible for the overall
management of Justbon Services since June 2021. Mr. Chen has served as a member of the Standardization Working
Committee of the Guangdong Property Management Industry Institute* (廣東省物業管理行業協會標準化工作委員會)
since April 2019, a member of the Standardization Working Committee of the China Property Management Institute* (中
國物業管理協會標準化工作委員會) since July 2019, a deputy director of the Social Life (Residential) Property Intelligent
Service Professional Committee of the Guangdong Property Management Association* (廣東省物業管理行業協會社
會生活（住宅）物業智慧服務專業委員會) since December 2020. He has been a member of the property management
expert think tank of South China University of Technology since June 2021, a vice president of the Sichuan Real Estate
Industry Association* (四川省房地產業協會) since August 2021, a vice chairman of the Property Management Committee
of the Sichuan Real Estate Association* (四川省房地產業協會物業管理專委會) since June 2022, and a member of the
Highquality Development Advisory Committee of Sichuan Real Estate Industry* (四川省房地產業高品質發展諮詢委員會)
since August 2023.

Mr. Chen obtained a junior college diploma in property management from the Open University of China in July 2017.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024       39
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Zhu Xinxing (朱新星), aged 42, was appointed as senior manager of the Company on 3 April 2024 and is the vice
president and director of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for the overall
management of Link Joy Holdings Group Co., Limited (“Link Joy Holdings”), a subsidiary of the Company. He also
serves as a director and/or president of a subsidiary of Link Joy Holdings and certain subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr. Zhu has accumulated over 20 years of work experience in the property management industry. He joined CG Life
Services in June 2002, and has been engaged in various types of property management projects and served as the
person in charge of multiple projects and regions of CG Life Services. He was responsible for the overall management
of Hainan regional business of CG Life Services from June 2017 to February 2022, the overall management of Guizhou
regional business of CG Life Services from May 2020 to September 2021, and the overall management of Hunan
regional business of CG Life Services from October 2018 to March 2024. Mr. Zhu was promoted to the position of vice
president of CG Life Services in July 2020, and has been responsible for the overall management of Link Joy Holdings
since October 2021.

Mr. Zhu graduated from Tangshan College of Science and Technology* (唐山科技專修學院) and obtained a bachelor’s
degree in economic management.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Leung Chong Shun (梁創順), aged 59, was appointed as a joint company secretary on 9 March 2018. He has
been a partner of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo (胡關李羅律師行), a law firm based in Hong Kong, since 1997.

Mr. Leung is currently the company secretary of four other companies listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, namely China Merchants China Direct Investments Limited (招商局中國基金有限公司) (stock code: 0133),
China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (招商局港口控股有限公司) (stock code: 0144), Guangzhou Automobile
Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 2238) and CGH (stock code: 2007).

Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong, where he obtained a bachelor’s degree in laws in November
1988 and obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in laws in September 1989. He became a qualified solicitor in Hong
Kong in October 1991 and in England and Wales in November 1994, respectively. Mr. Leung has been further qualified as
a Greater Bay Area Lawyer in 2023.

Mr. Chen Dilin (陳迪霖), aged 39, was appointed as a joint company secretary on 3 April 2024. He joined the Group in
March 2024 and serves as the vice president of CG Life Services, a subsidiary of the Company.

Mr. Chen conducted audit and financial due diligence when working at PricewaterhouseCoopers, and has over four and
a half years of experiences in mergers and acquisitions, listing advisory and private equity investment in certain renowned
financial institutions thereafter. Afterwards, he also gained over eight years of work experiences in capital operations,
corporate governance, and new business development in a company listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Chen graduated from the University of International Business and Economics of the PRC in July 2008, where
he obtained a bachelor’s degree in management. He became an affiliate member of the Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants of the United Kingdom in June 2008. Mr. Chen has also obtained the Chinese Legal Professional
Qualification in the PRC in June 2023.

*   For identification purpose only




            40       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Group deeply understands the important role that its Board plays in providing effective leadership and guidance for
the businesses of the Group and ensuring the transparency and accountability of the operation of the Group, and knows
very well that sound corporate governance will lead the Group towards success and help add value to the Shareholders.
Therefore, the Board consistently strives to maintain a high level of business ethics, a healthy corporate culture and
sound corporate governance by formulating and implementing corporate governance policies and practices that are in
line with the behavior and growth of the businesses of the Group.

During the Year, the Company has adopted and complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code (“Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (“Model Code”) as
set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions of the Company by
its Directors and employees (the “Securities Dealing Code”).

Having made specific enquiries, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code and the Securities
Dealing Code throughout the Year. No incident of non-compliance was found by the Company during the Year. Relevant
employees who may be in possession of inside information of the Group are also subject to compliance with written
guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Roles and Functions of the Board and Management

The Board supervises the business, strategic decisions, and performance of the Group and should make decisions
objectively in the best interest of the Company.

The Board should regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the
Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.

The Board assumes responsibility for leadership, supervision and control of the Company, and the members of the Board
are collectively responsible for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The Board is fully responsible for the
formulation of business policies and strategies in relation to the business operation of the Group, including dividend policy
and risk management strategies. The management is delegated with the authority and responsibilities by the Board for
the day-to-day management and operation of the Group. The management is responsible for the daily management and
operation of the Group’s business and the implementation of business policies and strategies approved by the Board.

Board Composition

As at 31 December 2024, the Board comprised seven Directors, including two executive Directors (namely Mr. Xu
Binhuai (President) and Mr. Xiao Hua), one non-executive Director (namely Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)) and four
independent non-executive Directors (namely Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Rui Meng, Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun).




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         41
Corporate Governance Report


During the Year, the Board comprised the following Directors:

Executive Directors:                                    Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)
                                                        Mr. Xiao Hua
                                                        Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)

Non-executive Director:                                 Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)

Independent Non-executive Directors:                    Mr. Mei Wenjue
                                                        Mr. Rui Meng
                                                        Mr. Chen Weiru
                                                        Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)

The detailed biographies of the current Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors
and Senior Management” of this annual report.

Mr. Rui Meng and Mr. Zhao Jun are independent directors of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited (博實樂教育控
股有限公司)*. Save as disclosed above, there was no relationship among the other members of the Board (including that
between the chairman and the president), including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship.

Mr. Zhao Jun has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 3 April 2024. He has
obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 2 April 2024, and has confirmed that he has
understood his obligations as a Director of the Company.

During the Year, the Company arranged for appropriate coverage of Directors’ and senior management’s liability
insurance policy to indemnify the Directors and senior management for liabilities arising from the corporate activities. The
coverage and the amount insured under such policy are reviewed annually by the Company. No legal actions were made
against any of the Directors in relation to their duties performed for the Company during the Year.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
During the Year, the Board has complied with Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules in having three
independent non-executive Directors (representing one-third of the number of members of the Board). The independent
non-executive Directors, all of whom are independent of the management of the Group’s businesses, are highly
experienced professionals with substantial experience in areas such as legal, accounting or financial management.

The Company has received annual written confirmation of his independence to the Group from each independent non-
executive Director pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all the independent non-
executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are
independent persons according to the same, and that they complied with the requirement for independence under Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.

In addition to the regular Board meetings, the chairman had meetings with the independent non-executive Directors
without the presence of other Directors during the Year.

The Board has adopted effective mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.
Subject to approval of the Chairman of the Board, Directors may seek, at the Company’s expense, independent legal,
financial or other professional advice from advisors independent to those advising the Company as and when necessary
in appropriate circumstances to enable them to discharge their responsibilities effectively. The Board will review the
implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on an annual basis.

The Board considers that the above mechanisms are effective in ensuring that independent views and input are provided
to the Board.


*     For details of the shareholdings of Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman and non-executive Director of the Company) and her relatives in Bright
      Scholar Education Holdings Limited, please refer to the relevant disclosure in the latest annual report of Bright Scholar Education Holdings
      Limited.



         42        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report



DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY
According to the Remuneration Policy for Directors and Senior Management currently adopted by the Board, the
remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management shall be recommended by the Remuneration
Committee to the Board with reference to the remuneration packages of comparable positions in similar companies,
business requirements, individual experience, the Directors’ performance and duties, etc., and shall be determined by
the Board after review and adjusted on a regular basis. The policy specifies the procedures for its formulation and review,
the principle of determining the remuneration packages of the Directors, senior management and other employees,
and the review of the policy and its disclosure. The policy, which is available for inspection on the Company’s website
(www.bgyfw.com), also reflects the latest requirements of the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ CONTINUING PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Directors’ training is an ongoing process. All Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and courses on relevant
topics, which may count towards continuous professional development training.

Pursuant to code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance Code, Directors should participate in continuous
professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to
the Board remains informed and relevant. According to the records maintained by the Company, during the Year, all the
current Directors, being Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Xu Binhuai, Mr. Xiao Hua, Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Rui Meng, Mr. Chen Weiru
and Mr. Zhao Jun, had participated in appropriate continuous professional development activities by attending training
sessions, reading articles, newspapers, journals and/or updates relevant to the Company’s business or to the Directors’
duties and responsibilities and complied with the requirements of code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance
Code.

A summary of their training records is as follows:

                                                         Type of Continuing                Content of Continuing
    Directors                                            Professional Development (Note 1) Professional Development (Note 2)


    Executive Directors:
    Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)                           1, 2                              A, B
    Mr. Xiao Hua                                         1, 2                              A, B


    Non-executive Director:
    Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                           1, 2                              A, B


    Independent Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. Mei Wenjue                                       1, 2                              A, B
    Mr. Rui Meng                                         1, 2                              A, B
    Mr. Chen Weiru                                       1, 2                              A, B
    Mr. Zhao Jun                                         1, 2                              A, B

Note 1:

1       Attending internal seminars/training sessions, lectures, symposiums or forums

2       Reading newspapers, journals and updates

Note 2:

A.      Businesses relating to the Company

B.      Laws, rules and regulations, accounting standards

                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024      43
Corporate Governance Report



APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Under the requirements of code provision B.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code, every Director, including those
appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Each of the
Directors is engaged on a service agreement (for executive Directors and non-executive Directors) or an appointment
letter (for independent non-executive Directors) with the Company for a term of three years. All of them are subject to
retirement and re-election in accordance with the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”).

According to the Articles of Association, (i) any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office
until the first general meeting after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting; (ii) any Director
appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting of
the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election; and (iii) at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors
for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall
retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to
retirement by rotation at an annual general meeting at least once every three years. As such, no Directors have a term of
appointment longer than three years.

BOARD MEETINGS
The Board holds at least four meetings a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Additional meetings would be arranged
if and when required. The date of each Board meeting is decided in advance to enable the Directors to attend the
meeting in person. For those Directors who are not able to attend these meetings in person, participation by telephone
conference is available.

The Board meets regularly to discuss and determine the Group’s strategies, set directions, and monitor the performance
of the Group. Notice of not less than 14 days is given to all Directors before convening regular meetings. Each Director
can access the advice and services of the company secretary(ies) of the Company (the “Company Secretary(ies)”) and is
invited to include any matters for discussion in the agenda of the regular meetings. Agendas and materials for discussion
in the meetings are circulated to all Directors at least three days prior to the respective date of the meetings.

A substantial Shareholder or a Director, who has declared to have a conflict of interest in the proposed transactions or
matters to be discussed, shall not be counted in the quorum of the meeting and shall abstain from voting on the relevant
resolution, and the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution.

The Company Secretary prepares detailed minutes of each meeting. After the meeting, draft and final versions of the
minutes would be sent to all the Directors for comments and records as soon as practicable. Minutes of Board meetings
and Board committees’ meetings are kept by the Listing Company Secretariat of the Company and are open for
inspection by any Director after due notice is issued by him/her.

During the Year, the Directors have made active contribution to the affairs of the Group and eleven Board meetings were
held to consider, among other things, various transactions contemplated by the Group and review and approve the
interim results and annual results of the Group.

Pursuant to Article 100(1) of the Articles of Association, a Director shall not be entitled to vote nor be counted in the
quorum on any resolution of the Board approving any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which he or any
of his close associates is materially interested.




         44      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report



ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF THE DIRECTORS
The attendance records of the Directors at the Board meetings, the Board committees’ meetings and the general
meetings held during the Year are set out below:

                                                            Attended/Eligible to attend during the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                                                     Environmental,
                                                                                                               Debt      Social and
                                                              Audit Remuneration        Nomination        Recovery     Governance
                                               Board      Committee     Committee        Committee       Committee      Committee                 General
 Directors                                    Meeting       Meeting        Meeting          Meeting        Meeting         Meeting                Meeting


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)                     11/11   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable              0/0             2/2               2/2
 Mr. Xiao Hua                                   11/11   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable              0/0             2/2               2/2
 Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)       3/3   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable             1/1    Not applicable

 Non-executive Director:
 Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)                     11/11   Not applicable             4/4              3/3    Not applicable             1/1              2/2

 Independent Non-executive Directors:
 Mr. Mei Wenjue                                 10/11             3/3               4/4   Not applicable   Not applicable   Not applicable             2/2
 Mr. Rui Meng                                   10/11             3/3    Not applicable              3/3              0/0   Not applicable             2/2
 Mr. Chen Weiru                                 11/11             3/3               4/4              3/3   Not applicable              1/1             2/2
 Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)         8/8             2/2    Not applicable              1/1   Not applicable              1/1             2/2

Note 1: Mr. Rui Meng and Mr. Mei Wenjue could not attend the Board meeting of the Company convened on 7 March 2024 and 15 April 2024
        respectively due to other important engagements.

Note 2: Debt Recovery Committee was formed in August 2024 and has not convened any meeting during the Year.


CHAIRMAN AND PRESIDENT
Ms. Yang Huiyan is the chairman and Mr. Xu Binhuai is the president of the Company. The roles of the Chairman and
the president are segregated. Ms. Yang and Mr. Xu are not connected in any respect. The Chairman provides leadership
for the Board and ensures that there is clear division of responsibilities at the Board level. The president is responsible
for overseeing the day-to-day management of the Company, supervising the businesses of the Group and ensuring that
Board committees work smoothly and effectively.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024                45
Corporate Governance Report



BOARD COMMITTEES
As a part of good corporate governance, the Board has set up a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration
Committee”), an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), a nomination Committee (the “Nomination Committee”),
an environmental, social and governance committee (the “Environmental, Social and Governance Committee”) and
a Debt Recovery Committee (the “Debt Recovery Committee”) for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s
affairs. Each committee has its own specific delegated authorities and operates within defined written terms of reference,
which are posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and/or the Company (www.bgyfw.com).
All the Board committees should report to the Board on their decisions or recommendations made.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee currently comprises all four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Rui Meng, who acts as
the chairman, Mr. Mei Wenjue, Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun.

The duties of the Audit Committee include, inter alia, reviewing and monitoring the financial reporting, risk management
and internal control systems of the Company, and assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibility over the audit;
making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor; and
monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process. The Audit
Committee should meet at least twice a year to discuss and review the financial information, the risk management and
internal control systems and relevant matters. The procedures of the Audit Committee meetings are the same as that
of the Board meetings. Terms of reference of the Audit Committee are currently available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

During the Year, the Audit Committee has reviewed the 2023 audit planning memorandums, the annual results and
annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023, the interim results and interim report for the period ended 30
June 2024, the financial reporting and compliance procedures, connected transactions, report on entrusted financial
management status, internal control report, and the remuneration of external auditor and other matters. Besides, the
Audit Committee proposed to the Board to appoint Deloitte as the auditor of the Company and approved the adoption
of the Pre-approval of Non-assurance Service Policy by the Company, with an aim to ensure the independence of the
auditor of the Company when they provide non-assurance service to the Group.

The Company’s annual results announcement and annual report for the Year have been reviewed by the Audit
Committee.

During the Year, the Audit Committee held three meetings and duly discharged the above duties. The attendance record
of each member of the Audit Committee at the meetings is listed under the section headed “Attendance Records of
the Directors” above on a named basis.

Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises Mr. Chen Weiru, an independent non-executive Director who acts as
the chairman, and two other members, namely Mr. Mei Wenjue, an independent non-executive Director, and Ms. Yang
Huiyan, a non-executive Director.

The responsibilities and authorities of the Remuneration Committee are clearly defined in its terms of reference, the
principal duties of which include, inter alia, (i) making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and
structure for the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (ii) reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration
proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; and (iii) making recommendations to the Board
on the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management.




         46      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report


The Board together with the Remuneration Committee monitor the performance of the executive Directors and the senior
management. Such division of responsibilities ensures a balance of power. The Remuneration Committee shall meet at
any time when necessary. Terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are currently available on the websites of
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).

During the Year, the Remuneration Committee held four meetings. In particular, the Remuneration Committee assessed
the performance of the executive Directors and the senior management, and reviewed their remuneration. The
Remuneration Committee also recommended to the Board on the disclosures of remuneration and services agreement
of Directors in its 2023 Annual Report draft and Annual General Meeting Circular, reviewed the implementation of the
2020 Share Option Scheme during the year of 2023, proposed the emoluments of the newly appointed Directors and
senior management members, proposed to terminate the 2020 Share Option Scheme and adopt the 2024 Share Option
Scheme and proposed to grant share options under the 2024 Share Option Scheme (including matters in relation to
considering the appropriateness of the vesting period for the first batch of share options granted being less than 12
months, details of which are set out in the “Share Option Schemes” section of the Report of the Directors in this
report), proposed to adopt the 2024 Share Award Scheme, and adjusted the emoluments of certain Directors and senior
management members. Details of the emoluments of Directors paid for the financial year ended 31 December 2024
and the Share Option Scheme are disclosed in the note to the consolidated financial statements and the Report of the
Directors, respectively. The attendance record of individual Directors at the Remuneration Committee meetings is listed
under the section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the Year are set out in note 42(a) to the consolidated financial
statements.

Details of the five individuals with the highest emoluments are set out in note 10(b) to the consolidated financial
statements.

The remuneration of the members of senior management (other than Directors) of the Company by band for the Year is
set out below:


                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                                          members of
 RMB                                                                                             senior management


 3,000,000 to 4,000,000                                                                                               1
 4,000,001 to 5,000,000                                                                                               3
 10,000,001 to 11,000,000                                                                                             1

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee currently comprises four members, including one non-executive Director, namely Ms. Yang
Huiyan, who acts as the chairman, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Rui Meng, Mr. Chen
Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun.

The main duties of the Nomination Committee include, inter alia, reviewing the structure, size and composition of the
Board, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members, assessing the independence of independent
non-executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and removal of Directors.
Terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are currently available on the websites of the Stock Exchange
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.bgyfw.com).




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024       47
Corporate Governance Report


During the Year, the Nomination Committee held three meetings. In particular, the Nomination Committee reviewed
and recommended to the Board the policy on diversity of Board members of the Company and structure, size and
composition of the Board, the independence of independent non-executive Directors, the arrangements for retirement
and re-election of Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the nomination of the newly appointed Directors
and members of committees, the nomination of authorised representative and joint company secretary, the nomination
of senior management members, and the renewal of service agreements and appointment letters of Directors. The
attendance record of individual Directors at the Nomination Committee meetings is listed under the section headed
“Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

The nomination policy was adopted on 20 December 2018.

Objectives

1.   The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make
     recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings for appointment or re-appointment
     or appoint as Directors to fill casual vacancies or as an addition to the existing Board.

2.   The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than the
     number of directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual vacancies to be
     filled.

3.   The Committee should ensure that the Board members have skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
     appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

Selection Criteria

4.   The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing candidates:

     i.      Reputation for integrity

     ii.     Achievements and experience among different industries

     iii.    Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest

     iv.     Independence

     v.      Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and
             educational background, ethnicity, qualifications, professional experience, skills, knowledge, independence
             and length of service

     vi.     For proposed independent non-executive Directors who will be holding their seventh (or more) listed company
             directorship, whether the individuals would still be able to devote sufficient time to the Board (including
             whether the individuals have extensive experience in corporate governance of listed companies, are familiar
             with the management of listed companies, have close and good communication with the management
             of the Company and other independent non-executive Directors, can make the management decision of
             the Company works properly, are a chairman of the board or chief executive officer or full-time executive
             director of other listed companies, the business activity of other listed companies in which the individuals hold
             directorship, etc.)

     vii.    Other factors considered to be relevant by the Nomination Committee on a case-by-case basis, including the
             requirements and restrictions as stated in the Listing Rules

     These factors are for reference only, and are not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee
     has the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.




            48    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report


5.    Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Nomination Committee and recommendation by the Board to
      stand for re-election at a general meeting.

6.    Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form, together
      with their written consent to be appointed as a Director and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any
      documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election as a Director.

7.    The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if considered
      necessary.

Nomination Procedures

8.    The secretary of the Nomination Committee or the Company Secretary shall call a meeting of the Nomination
      Committee, and invite nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for consideration by the Nomination
      Committee prior to its meeting. The Nomination Committee may also identify candidates pursuant to the criteria set
      out in this policy and put forward candidates who are not nominated by Board members.

9.    The Nomination Committee may use any process that it deems appropriate to evaluate the candidates pursuant
      to the criteria set out in this policy, which may include personal interviews, background checks, presentations or
      written submissions by the candidates and third-party references.

10.   For filling a casual vacancy and for addition to the existing Board, the Nomination Committee shall make
      recommendations for the Board’s consideration, approval and appointment. Any Director appointed by the Board
      to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting after his appointment and be subject to re-
      election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
      office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election. For
      proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall make nominations
      to the Board for its consideration and recommendation to the Shareholders.

11.   In case of election at a general meeting, until the issue of the circular to the Shareholders, the nominated persons
      shall not assume that they have been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.

12.   In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at the general
      meeting, a circular will be sent to Shareholders. The names, brief biographies (including qualifications and relevant
      experience), independence, proposed remuneration and any other information, as required pursuant to the
      applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the Listing Rules), of the proposed candidates will be included in
      the circular to the Shareholders. In addition, where a new Director is appointed or re-designated, the Company will
      announce the change as soon as practicable and include details of the relevant Director as required pursuant to
      the Listing Rules.

13.   The Shareholders may propose a person for election as a Director, details of which are set out in the “Procedures
      for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director” of the Company. A Shareholder can serve a
      notice at the registered office, head office or the registration office (such place as the Board may from time to
      time determine to keep a branch register of members and where (except the Board otherwise directs) the transfer
      or other documents of title are to be lodged for registration and are to be registered) of the Company within the
      lodgment period of its intention to propose a resolution to elect certain person(s) other than those candidates set
      out in the Shareholder circular as a Director, without the Board’s recommendation or the Nomination Committee’s
      nomination. The particulars of the candidates so proposed will be sent to all Shareholders for information by a
      supplementary circular.

14.   A candidate is allowed to withdraw his candidature at any time before the general meeting by serving a notice in
      writing to the Company Secretary.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        49
Corporate Governance Report


15.   The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for
      election at any general meeting. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests with the
      entire Board.

16.   The Company will disclose this nomination policy in the Company’s corporate governance report and/or by other
      means in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

17.   The progress made towards achieving the objective set out in this nomination policy will be disclosed in the
      Company’s corporate governance report annually and/or by other means in accordance with the requirements of
      the Listing Rules.

Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee was established in August 2020 with written terms of reference.
The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee currently comprises five members, including two executive
Directors, namely Mr. Xu Binhuai and Mr. Xiao Hua; one non-executive Director, namely Ms. Yang Huiyan; and two
independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Zhao Jun, and Mr. Xu Binhuai was appointed as
the chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. The main duties of the Environmental, Social
and Governance Committee include, inter alia, (a) formulating and reviewing the environmental, social and governance
(“ESG”) responsibilities, visions, strategies, framework, principles and policies of the Group, strengthening the materiality
assessment and reporting process to ensure and implement continuous execution and implementation of ESG policies
passed by the Board; (b) supervising and reviewing the work of the Group’s ESG working group and evaluating the
Group’s ESG performance, and reporting to the Board; (c) supervising the assessment of the environmental and social
impact of the Group’s business and making recommendations to the Board, etc.

During the Year, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held two meetings and duly discharged the
above duties. The attendance record of individual Directors at the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
meetings is listed under the section headed “Attendance Records of the Directors” above on a named basis.

Debt Recovery Committee

The Debt Recovery Committee was established in August 2024 with written terms of reference. The Debt Recovery
Committee currently comprises five members, including the executive Director Mr. Xu Binhuai who acts as the chairman,
and other four members, namely executive Director Mr. Xiao Hua, independent non-executive Director Mr. Rui Meng,
and two members of the core management.

The purpose of establishing the Debt Recovery Committee is to facilitate the timely recovery of the Group’s trade
receivables, to improve the efficiency of decision-making and execution of matters relating to the recovery of the Group’s
trade receivables, to safeguard the operating cash flow, and to assist the Board in maintaining a sound and effective
risk management and internal control system to effectively prevent risks. The committee shall provide regular progress
reports to the Board regarding debt recovery efforts, and recommend the Board to take appropriate corporate actions in
due course to protect the interests of the Shareholders.

As the Debt Recovery Committee was formed in August 2024, therefore, it did not convene any meeting during the Year.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
As no corporate governance committee has been established by the Company, the Board is responsible for, among
other things, formulating and reviewing the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Group and making
recommendations for such aspects, reviewing and monitoring the policies and practices on the Group’s compliance of
legal and regulatory requirements, reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of
Directors and senior management, and reviewing the Group’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and the
disclosures in the annual report. This corporate governance report has been reviewed by the Board in discharge of its
corporate governance function.




         50      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report



SUMMARY OF THE BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) setting out the objectives and the
factors to be considered for achieving the diversity of the Board. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of
having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy
and competence, and the candidates will be considered against certain objective criteria such as gender, age, cultural
and educational background, ethnicity, professional qualifications, experience, skills, knowledge and length of services,
etc. The Board, through the Nomination Committee, monitors the implementation and effectiveness of the Board
Diversity Policy and reviews the policy as and when appropriate.

The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity taking into account a number of factors, including but not limited to
educational background, gender, age, skills and knowledge. The ultimate selection decision will be based on merits of
the candidates and contribution to the Board.

As at 31 December 2024, an analysis of the Board composition based on the range of diversity perspectives is set out as
follows:

              Educational background (highest)                                             Gender



                              14%
                                                                                       14%

                                          43%

                          43%                                                                        86%




                                                                                         Male          Female
           Master’s Degree       Doctorate Degree     Others


                       Skills and knowledge                                                  Age
                          5
                5
                                                                                 3              3
                4                                                         3

                3
                                                                          2

                2                                                                                          1
                                      1           1                       1
                1

                                                                          0
                0                                                                      Number of persons
                              Number of persons

                                                                                  41–50             51–60
            Development Strategy and              Property
            Marketing Management                  Management
                                                                                  61–70
            Financial Management


Each of the Board members possesses different skills and knowledge, including development strategy and marketing
management, property management, financial management, etc. The Board is characterised by significant diversity in
terms of gender, age, education, skills and knowledge.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         51
Corporate Governance Report


The current Board comprises one female member and six male members, with the female member serving as the
Chairman of the Board. The Board targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation, with the ultimate
goal of achieving gender parity. The Board is mindful of the factors for assessing the candidacy of the Board members,
and will ensure that any successors to the Board shall follow the Board Diversity Policy. Similar considerations shall also
be in place to assess the candidacy of the senior management team from time to time. The Board will, by inviting existing
Directors to recommend suitable candidates, engaging independent professional search firm(s) to help identify potential
candidates for independent non-executive Directors, and other means, continue to take opportunities to increase the
proportion of female members as and when suitable candidates are identified in the future. The Company is determined
to enhance the diversity of the Board to achieve gender equality in respect of the gender ratio. For the diversity of
succession plan, the Board will also take the gender diversity of successors into consideration. The Company expects
that the above targets are achievable with suitable effort in promoting gender diversity.

Viewing from the Company’s perspective as a whole, as at 31 December 2024, the Company has 214,346 employees
(including senior management) in total comprising of approximately 93,069 females and 121,277 males (a male-to-female
ratio of 6:4), achieving balanced gender diversity in general and reflecting a gender equality principle generally adhered
by the Company. The Group strives to form a diversified and inclusion work environment and values the representation
of female members among senior management. The percentage of female members in the core senior management
team of CG Life Services, the main operating entity under the Group in the PRC, was 32%, leveraging “she-power” in the
workplace. The Company is mindful of the objectives set out in the diversity policy when assessing the candidacy of the
employees, and will ensure that the Company shall continue to follow the policy.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the Year
in accordance with the legal requirements and applicable accounting standards.

The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable annual report and other disclosures
required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The management has provided necessary
explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the financial information and
financial position of the Group to be presented to the Board for approval.

There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern.

DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
Ms. Yang Huiyan, the ultimate controlling Shareholder of the Company, has entered into a deed of non-competition
(the “Deed of Non-competition”) dated 29 May 2018 in favour of the Company to the effect that she will not, and
will procure her respective close associates (except the CGH Group) not to, directly or indirectly participate in, or hold
any right or interest in, or otherwise be involved in any business which may be in competition with the business of
the Company. Further details are set out in the section titled “Deed of Non-Competition” in the prospectus of the
Company dated 6 June 2018.

The Company has received the written confirmation from Ms. Yang Huiyan in respect of her compliance with the Deed
of Non-Competition for the Year. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance with and
enforcement of the Deed of Non-Competition by Ms. Yang for the Year.




         52      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Duties of the Board and the Management

The Board is solely responsible for maintaining sound and effective risk management and internal control systems to
safeguard the Company’s assets and the Shareholders’ interests. The Board deeply understands the key role of the
Company’s risk management and internal control systems in its risk management and ongoing compliance with laws and
regulations. Given that such risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate
the risk of failure to achieve the business objectives, the Company can only provide reasonable rather than absolute
assurance that there will be no material misstatement or loss. The Company is aware of the duties of the Board and the
management in the risk management and internal control systems:

•    The Board (decision-making level) shall be responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of
     the risks (including ESG risks) that the Company is willing to take when achieving the strategic objectives. It shall
     ensure that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal
     control systems, oversees the management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the Company’s risk
     management system and conducts an annual review. Adequate budgets for resources reserves, professionalism
     of relevant staff, system construction and talent development costs, etc. for the construction of the Company’s risk
     management and internal control systems are safeguarded.

•    The Audit Committee (decision-making level) shall be responsible for continuously monitoring the design and
     operations of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, reviewing the construction of the risk
     management system, and conducting regular review and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s risk
     management and internal control systems.

•    The Supervisory Committee (decision-making and supervisory level) shall be responsible for overseeing the
     risk management and internal control systems established and implemented by the Board, and safeguarding the
     legitimate rights and interests of the Company and Shareholders.

•    The senior management at headquarters (execution level) shall be responsible for operating the risk
     management and internal control systems and confirming the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management
     and internal control with the Board.

•    The management of the headquarters and its subsidiaries (execution level) shall be responsible for
     formulating and implementing the risk response solutions for the respective business, promoting and implementing
     specific risk management measures, monitoring the risks and their response tracking results and reporting to the
     senior management at headquarters.

•    The Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department (supervisory body) shall be responsible for monitoring
     the operation effect of the risk management and internal control systems of the headquarters and subsidiary
     units, and promoting the establishment and improvement of the risk management and internal control systems. It
     establishes a sound evaluation system, conducts independent assessment of the Company’s risks through risk
     control projects, audit projects and other works, and reports the deficiencies identified and their tracking situations
     to the Audit Committee, as well as promotes and tracks the implementation of corrective measures.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024         53
Corporate Governance Report


Annual Risk Management and Internal Controls

1.   The Risk Management and Internal Control System Construction:

     CG Services set up the top-down bottom-up risk management infrastructure at the group level in the previous
     years, defined risk management procedures and adopted an active and structured approach to facilitate
     improvement of its internal risk management culture. Meanwhile, CG Services has established an internal control
     system applicable to the Company by reference to the internal control framework issued by COSO (Committee
     of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission). The Company also clearly defines the powers and
     responsibilities of each unit and each department to protect assets from improper use, maintain proper accounts
     and ensure compliance with the rules. During the Year, based on the work achieved in previous years, the
     Company has continuously improved the risk management and internal control systems through the following
     work:

     •    The risk management system improves a risk management structure covering the decision-making level,
          the execution level and the supervisory level based on the organizational structure of the Company. The
          responsibilities of each level in the risk management system construction are clearly defined to ensure that
          the Company’s risk management objectives are consistent with the Company’s strategic objectives. Among
          which, the Board, the Audit Committee and the Supervisory Committee will identify, assess and monitor risks
          at company level using a top-down approach, while the management of the headquarters and its subsidiaries
          will identify, manage and report operational risks using a bottom-up approach. At the same time, the
          Company has established a corresponding risk management process, specifying the management actions
          including risk identification, risk analysis, risk response and risk tracking. The Company has established a
          risk assessment mechanism to comprehensively identify and assess various important risks of the Company
          by adopting certain risk assessment methods to ensure that the risk management work is carried out in an
          orderly manner. (see diagram: Risk Management Process)




                   Risk tracking           Risk identification          Risk analysis               Risk response


                      ¾ To continuously             ¾ To gain                ¾ To assess                 ¾ To establish
               1        monitor the
                        effectiveness
                                            2          insights
                                                       into and
                                                                        3       the identified
                                                                                risks
                                                                                                  4         risk response
                                                                                                            solutions
                        of the risk                    identify risks
                        mitigation

                                             Diagram – Risk Management Process

     •    The internal control system clearly defines the responsibilities and authorities of each level and each
          functional department within the internal control process. The Board shall be responsible for overseeing
          the management’s implementation of the internal control system and reviewing the effectiveness of the
          Company’s internal control system annually. The management regularly reports the implementation of the
          internal control to the Board to ensure that the internal control system operates effectively and is continuously
          optimized. The Company has established an independent supervisory department that reports the
          supervision of the internal control system to the Board and the Audit Committee.




         54    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Corporate Governance Report


     •   The anti-corruption system demonstrates that the Company advocates an integrity-based corporate
         culture and adopts zero tolerance for corruption. The Company has set up a monitoring function, which
         is responsible for the overall coordination and implementation of the Company’s anti-corruption efforts.
         The Company has also set up smooth channels for complaints and whistle-blowing, and has established
         and continuously revised a supervision and accountability system for violations. Additionally, the Company
         conducts anti-corruption training and dissemination for employees across all units.

2.   Implementation of Risk Management and Internal Control:

     •   In terms of risk management, taking into account the Company’s external regulatory requirements and
         market conditions, changes of internal business environment, business development demands, etc., and
         through the implementation of specialized risk control efforts, the Company has timely identified and assessed
         the possibility of the occurrence of risks and the degree of their impact on the Company. Combined with
         the Company’s risk tolerance abilities, corresponding improvement measures have been proposed, and
         various departments have been coordinated to ensure the implementation of risk mitigation actions. The Risk
         Control, Audit and Supervision Department has designed certain risk monitoring indicators to dynamically
         track significant risk matters and continuously oversee the effectiveness of risk mitigation measures. The
         Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, has reviewed and assessed the changes in the nature and extent
         of major risks (including ESG risks), and completed the review of risk management system which was
         considered by it to be effective and adequate. During the Year, the management held two meetings to report
         the control situation of major risks and review of risk management and internal control systems to the Audit
         Committee and the Board by submitting formal reports.

     •   In terms of internal control, internal control reviews, as well as regular and specialized reviews have been
         carried out to assess the effectiveness of the Company’s daily operations and internal control, and to rectify
         any internal control deficiencies. The Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department has established a
         comprehensive internal control deficiency classification standard and rectification mechanism, continuously
         tracked the rectification of internal control deficiencies, regularly reviewed the applicability of the rectification
         measures for internal control deficiencies, and reported the results of the internal control review to the Audit
         Committee. Meanwhile, the Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department has also conducted targeted
         training on risk awareness and internal control skills for the Company’s employees, aiming to enhance the
         operational effectiveness of the internal control system by improving the risk and internal control awareness
         of key positions.

     •   In terms of anti-corruption, the disciplinary requirements on the Company’s red line and clean business
         practices were emphasized and promoted to all employees (including new recruits) through daily meetings,
         specialized training, online courses and other methods. The Company has established a comprehensive
         complaint and whistle-blowing channel, and assigned designated persons to maintain on a regular basis.
         The internal supervision function of the Risk Control, Audit and Supervision Department is responsible
         for investigating and dealing with the whistle-blowing content, following the requirements of the Measure
         for Whistleblower Protection and Management as adopted by the Group to protect the privacy of the
         whistleblowers. In line with the Company’s strategic objectives and internal control requirements, the
         Company continues to maintain the Regulations on the Management of Employees’ Professional Conduct of
         the CG Services Group and other regulatory documents to play its role of guiding and restraining the behavior
         of its employees. The Company has organized all employees to sign the undertaking letter of interest conflicts
         and has promoted the convenience and orderliness of interest conflict declarations at the technical level and
         management mechanism level. Through the above systematic work deployment, the Company continuously
         strengthens employees’ ability to resist corruption and maintain self-discipline, striving to create a corporate
         culture of integrity and fairness.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         55
Corporate Governance Report


Summary of the Effectiveness of Review of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

During the Year, the Board, through the Audit Committee, has conducted a comprehensive review of the risk
management and internal control systems of the Company, which includes major risk assessment and internal control
review of key business processes in the Year. The period of this review covered the fiscal year of 2024 with the scope
covering the Company’s main business and all of the important control aspects, including financial monitoring, operational
monitoring and compliance monitoring, and took into account changes in the nature and severity of major risks (including
ESG risks), as well as the Company’s ability to respond to changes in its business and external environment. There
were no significant control failings or weaknesses identified during the Year. The Board considers that the Company has
complied with the risk management and internal control provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code and that
the risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate.

The Board has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experiences of accounting, internal audit, financing
reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting and the training
programs for staff and the relevant budget, and the processes for relevant financial reporting and compliance with the
Listing Rules, and considered them effective and adequate.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has implemented procedures and internal controls for the handling
and dissemination of inside information. In particular, the Group:

•    has conducted its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the Listing Rules as well as the
     “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” published by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012;

•    has established the Group’s own disclosure obligation procedures, which set out the procedures and controls
     for the assessment of potential inside information and the handling and dissemination of inside information.
     The procedures have been communicated to the senior management and staff of the Company, and their
     implementation was monitored by the Company; and

•    has made broad, non-exclusive disclosure of information to the public through channels such as financial reports,
     public announcements and its website.




         56      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report



JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Huang Peng resigned as a joint company secretary of the Company on 3 April 2024. As at the date of this report, the
joint company secretaries of the Company are Mr. Chen Dilin, the vice president of CG Life Services and the authorised
representative of the Company, and Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor and an external service provider. They
have complied with the relevant professional training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by taking not less
than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Year.

The primary contact person of the Company with Mr. Leung is Ms. Zhang Lin, the head of the listing company secretariat
of the Company.

EXTERNAL AUDITOR AND AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
In light of market information and taking into account the Company’s business development and future needs for audit
services, PwC has agreed to resign as the auditor of the Company with effect from 21 October 2024. On the same day,
with the recommendation from the Audit Committee of the Company, the Board has resolved to appoint Deloitte as the
auditor of the Company to fill the casual vacancy following the resignation of PwC with effect from 21 October 2024 and
to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company.

The statement of the external auditor of the Company regarding its reporting responsibilities on the Company’s financial
statements for the Year is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this annual report.

An analysis of the fees in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by the auditor of the Company, PwC (resigned
on 21 October 2024) and Deloitte (appointed on 21 October 2024), for the Year is as follows:

 Types of services provided by the external auditor                                                            Amount
                                                                                                             (RMB’000)


 PwC
 – 2024 interim financial report
   Professional review service                                                                                    2,500
 – Non-audit service
   ESG consulting service                                                                                           425

 Deloitte
 – 2024 annual financial statements
   Professional audit service                                                                                     5,700
 – Non-audit service
   Nil                                                                                                                 0


 Total:                                                                                                           8,625




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024        57
Corporate Governance Report



CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the Year, no changes were made to the constitutional documents of the Company. The latest versions of
such documents are available on the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com) and the website of the Stock Exchange
(www.hkexnews.hk).

DIVIDEND POLICY
Pursuant to the Articles of Association and Dividend Policy, dividends may be declared and paid out of the profits of the
Company, realised or unrealised, or from any reserves set aside from profits which the Directors determine is no longer
required. Dividends may also be declared and paid out of the share premium account or any other fund or account which
is authorised for this purpose in accordance with the Cayman Islands Companies Act. Any declaration of dividends,
however, is subject to the Company’s results of operations, working capital and cash position, future business and
earnings, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, if any, as well as any other factors which the Board may consider
relevant.

In addition, any declaration and payment as well as the amount of the dividends will be subject to the provisions of (i)
the Articles of Association, which require any final dividends to be approved by Shareholders at a general meeting, and
(ii) the Cayman Islands Companies Act, which provides that dividends may be paid out of sums standing to the credit of
its share premium account provided that immediately following the payment of dividend, the Company shall be able to
pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Under the applicable PRC law, each of the Company’s
subsidiaries in the PRC may only distribute after-tax profits after it has made allocations or allowances for recovery of
accumulated losses and allocations to the statutory reserves.

The final dividend in respect of any financial year shall be approved by the shareholders, and the interim and special
dividends may be approved by the Board at its discretion. The Company may declare and pay dividends in cash or in
scrip shares or in such other forms as the Board may think fit and in accordance with the Articles of Association of the
Company and all applicable laws and regulations.




         58      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
Communication with Shareholders

The Group recognises the importance of transparent and timely disclosure of corporate information, which enables
Shareholders and investors to make the best investment decision. The Company believes that effective communication
with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’ understanding of the Group’s business
performance and strategies. The Company has adopted a Shareholder’s Communication Policy effective from July 2020,
and has revised the policy on 29 December 2022 and 27 March 2025, which sets out the Company’s commitment
of maintaining an effective ongoing dialogue with Shareholders. In summary, the Company establishes different
communication channels with Shareholders and stakeholders including: (i) provision of printed or electronic copies
of corporate communications; (ii) provision of timely corporate information on the Company’s website; (iii) holding of
annual general meetings to provide platform for Shareholders to raise comments and exchange views with the Board;
and (iv) arrangement in serving the Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters. During the Year, the Board
has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholder’s Communication Policy, including the existing
shareholder communication channels and measures for handling shareholders’ enquiries, considered that the policy had
been properly implemented and remained effective. The Board considered that it remained effective in enhancing timely,
transparent, accurate and open communication between the Company and the Shareholders. The policy is available at
the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com). The Board will review annually the implementation and effectiveness of the
said policy.

The Company maintains a website (www.bgyfw.com) with an “Investor Relations” column where information of the
Group’s businesses and projects, key corporate governance policies and announcements, financial reports and other
information are available for public access. The Shareholders and investors may send written enquiries or requests to the
Company as follows.

Telephone: +86 757 2991 7238
Facsimile: 0757-2633 6002
Email: irps@bgyfw.com

General Meeting

General meetings serve as a communication platform where the Board can maintain a face-to-face dialogue with the
Shareholders and investors. Notice of general meetings together with the circular and other documents will be sent to the
Shareholders at least 21 clear days and at least 14 clear day before the annual general meeting.

The Company holds an annual general meeting every year and may hold a general meeting known as an extraordinary
general meeting whenever necessary. The chairman of the respective Board committees, independent non-executive
Directors, the Company Secretaries and other external professionals will be present at the general meetings timely to
answer questions raised by the Shareholders and investors at the meeting.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024       59
Corporate Governance Report



SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
To safeguard the Shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions will be proposed at Shareholders’ meetings
on each substantial issue, including the election of individual Directors, for Shareholders’ consideration and voting. The
Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or put forward proposals at Shareholders’ meetings as
follows:

Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting at the Request of Shareholders

The Board may whenever it thinks fit call an extraordinary general meeting. Any one or more Shareholder(s) holding on
the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right
of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or
the Company Secretary, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of
any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such
requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s)
himself/herself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as
a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings by Shareholders

According to the Cayman Islands Companies Act, there are no provisions on the procedures for putting forward
proposals at general meetings by the Shareholders. According to the Articles of Association, there are no provisions on
the procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings by the Shareholders, except for the proposal which
may be put forward by the Shareholders at a general meeting for electing Directors to nominate individuals to participate
in the election of Directors. The Shareholders who wish to put forward a resolution may request the Company to convene
a general meeting following the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.

Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board

The Company has established various and different communication channels with its Shareholders, which include
general meetings, annual and interim results, annual reports and interim reports, notices, announcements and circulars.
In addition, the Company updates its website from time to time to keep the Shareholders updated of the Company’s
recent development.

The Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing, the contact details of which
are contained on the Company’s website (www.bgyfw.com).

For the avoidance of doubt, the Shareholder(s) must provide his/her/their full name(s), contact details and identifications
in the originally signed written requisition, notice or statement (as the case may be), in order to give effect thereto.
Information of the Shareholder(s) may be disclosed as required by law.

An up-to-date version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk). The Shareholders may refer to the Articles of Association for further details of
the rights of Shareholders.

All resolutions put forward at the general meetings shall be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and the Articles
of Association. The poll voting results will be posted on the websites of the Company (www.bgyfw.com) and the Stock
Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) after each of general meetings.




         60      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Corporate Governance Report



PURPOSE, VALUES, STRATEGY AND CULTURE
The core purpose of the Company is to create value for its Shareholders. It strives to become the global leading pioneer
in the property management industry that is trusted by its consumers, and a place where its employee are proud to
work for. Its mission is to lead the development of the industry and set the industry benchmarks. In this connection,
it endeavors to maintain accountability to its employees, consumers, Shareholders, the society, and the environment.
These purpose and value shape the Company’s strategy, which are geared towards building a trusted and beloved
property management enterprise whereby values for the Shareholders are created.

The Company’s purpose, values, and strategy form the cornerstone of the Company’s corporate culture. Its corporate
culture is centered on adherence to high ethical standards and practices, and striving for sustainable development.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024       61
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Board is pleased to present the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2024.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company and a leading integrated service provider in the PRC covering diversified
business forms. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged in property management services, community value-added
services, value-added services to non-property owners, the “Three Supplies and Property Management” businesses, city
services and commercial operational services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024
by principal activities is set out in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income on page 106.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out below:

                                                                                                     Page No. of this
                                                         Section(s) in this Annual Report             Annual Report


 a.     Fair review of the Company’s business            Management Discussion and Analysis                   16 to 34
 b.     Description of the principal risks and           Management Discussion and Analysis                   16 to 34
        uncertainties facing the Company
 c.     Particulars of important events affecting the    Management Discussion and Analysis                        34
        Company that have occurred following the
        end of the year ended 31 December 2024
 d.     Indication of likely future development in the   Chairman’s Statement and Management             12 to 14 and
        Company’s business                               Discussion and Analysis                             16 to 34
 e.     Analysis using key financial performance         Financial Summary and Management                      15 and
        indicators                                       Discussion and Analysis                              16 to 34
 f.     Discussion on the Company’s environmental        The Company’s environmental policies and       Not applicable
        policies and performance                         performance are set out in the “Country
                                                         Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance
                                                         Report 2024” (a standalone report) which
                                                         will be published simultaneously with the
                                                         annual report of the Company
 g.     An account of the Company’s key                  Management Discussion and Analysis and          16 to 34 and
        relationships with its employees, customers      Report of the Directors                            62 to 100
        and suppliers and others that have a
        significant impact on the Company and on
        which the Company’s success depends
 h.     Discussion on the Company’s compliance           Corporate Governance Report and Report          41 to 61 and
        with the relevant laws and regulations that      of the Directors                                   62 to 100
        have a significant impact on the Company




         62     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Report of the Directors



FINAL DIVIDEND AND SPECIAL DIVIDEND
The Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB13.52 cents (2023: RMB2.19 cents per Share)
per Share for the year ended 31 December 2024 and a special dividend of RMB16.09 cents (2023: RMB27.27 cents
per Share) per Share in the form of cash to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
Company on Thursday, 5 June 2025 (“Eligible Shareholders”) as a token of appreciation to all Shareholders for their
continuous support to and trust in the Company.

The proposed final dividend and special dividend shall be declared in RMB and paid in HKD. The final dividend and
special dividend paid in HKD will be calculated based on the average middle rate of RMB against HKD as announced
by the People’s Bank of China from Friday, 30 May 2025 to Thursday, 5 June 2025. It is expected that the final dividend
warrants and special dividend warrants will be despatched to the Eligible Shareholders on or around Friday, 29 August
2025 at their own risk.

None of the shareholders has made any arrangement under which he/she waives or agrees to waive any dividends.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the issued Shares and the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December
2024 are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024 are
set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Details of the movements in intangible assets of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note
19 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

BORROWINGS
Details of the borrowings of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note 35 to the
consolidated financial statements of the Group.

EQUITY LINKED AGREEMENT
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Schemes”, “Share Award Scheme” and the paragraphs of
“Acquisition of Shares of Everjoy Services Company Limited” under the section headed “Disclosure Pursuant to
Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules”, no equity linked agreements were entered into by the Company as at the end of or
at any time during the year ended 31 December 2024.

DONATIONS
The total donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to approximately
RMB1,564,000 (2023: approximately RMB2,107,000).




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024       63
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Directors’ and Chief Executives’
Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated
Corporations”, “Share Option Schemes” and “Share Award Scheme”, none of the Company, any of its subsidiaries,
fellow subsidiaries or holding companies was a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits
by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company as at the end of or at any time during the year
ended 31 December 2024.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 December 2024, the distributable reserves of the Company amounted to approximately RMB3,897,167,000
(2023: approximately RMB3,347,096,000). Details of the movements in reserves of the Company during the year ended
31 December 2024 are set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

DETAILS OF FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
PURCHASING CAPITAL ASSETS OF THE GROUP AND THEIR EXPECTED
SOURCES OF FUNDING IN THE COMING YEAR
The Group will plan for material investments according to its strategic objectives and business requirements.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A financial summary of the Group is set out on page 15 of this annual report.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the percentage of purchases attributable to the five largest suppliers combined
of the Group, and the percentage of revenue from sales of goods or rendering of services attributable to the five largest
customers combined of the Group are both below 30%.

DIRECTORS’ AND SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SUPPLIERS AND
CUSTOMERS OF THE GROUP
As at 31 December 2024, Ms. Yang Huiyan, our ultimate controlling shareholder, the chairman of the Board and a
non-executive Director, owned a total of 51.94% interest in CGH. The CGH Group is one of the Group’s five largest
customers.

Save as disclosed, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any direct or
indirect interests in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.




         64      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                           Report of the Directors



CHANGES OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS
Changes in Directors’ other major offices which are required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
are set out below.

Mr. Xu Binhuai, President and Executive Director

With effect from 1 January 2024, Mr. Xu has held certain management positions in some subsidiaries of the Group and
is entitled to receive a basic salary of RMB128,400 per month as well as a discretionary special incentive and annual
bonus according to his work performance and the policies and operations of the Company. Mr. Xu will not receive any
fee for his appointment as an executive Director of the Company, the Authorised Representative, a chairman of the
environmental, social and governance committee, and the agent for the service of process in Hong Kong. Concurrently,
Mr. Xu has been acting as the president of the Company. Since 1 January 2024, pursuant to the president employment
contract entered into between Mr. Xu and the Company, he is entitled to receive a basic salary of RMB80,000 per month as
well as a discretionary special incentive and annual bonus and other benefits according to his work performance and the
policies and operations of the Company. Such remuneration is determined by the Board based on the recommendations
of the remuneration committee of the Company, with reference to his position and duties as well as the prevailing market
conditions.

Mr. Chen Weiru, Independent Non-executive Director

In June 2024, Mr. Chen was appointed as an independent director of Universal Vision Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a
company listed on the Taipei Exchange (stock code: 3218).

Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Xiao Hua, Mr. Rui Meng, Mr. Chen Weiru and Mr. Mei Wenjue have entered into service
agreements or letters of appointment (as the case may be) with the Company for renewal of their terms of office, all
for a term of three years commencing from 19 June 2024 and are subject to renewal as well as termination in certain
circumstances as set out in the relevant service agreements or letters of appointment.

In August 2024, Mr. Xu Binhuai, Mr. Xiao Hua, Mr. Rui Meng and two members of the core management have been
appointed as members of the debt recovery committee and Mr. Xu Binhuai, the president and the executive Director, has
been appointed as the chairman of the committee.

During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, save as disclosed above, there is no
other information that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Xu Binhuai (President)
Mr. Xiao Hua
Mr. Guo Zhanjun (resigned on 3 April 2024)

Non-executive Director
Ms. Yang Huiyan (Chairman)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Mei Wenjue
Mr. Rui Meng
Mr. Chen Weiru
Mr. Zhao Jun (appointed on 3 April 2024)


                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024       65
Report of the Directors


On 3 April 2024, Mr. Guo Zhanjun resigned from his position as an executive Director and a member of the
environmental, social and governance committee of the Company in order to devote more time to focus on the human
resources management and marketing management of the Group as a result of the adjustment of the Group’s internal
work division. On the same day, Mr. Zhao Jun was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member
of the audit committee, nomination committee and environmental, social and governance committee of the Company.
Mr. Zhao Jun had obtained legal advice in relation to the requirements, duties and obligations under the Listing Rules that
are applicable to him as a director of a listed company on 2 April 2024 pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules. Mr.
Zhao Jun had confirmed that he understood his obligations as a director of the Company.

In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, Ms. Yang Huiyan, Mr. Rui Meng and Mr. Chen Weiru shall
be subject to retirement by rotation and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the 2025 AGM.

INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive
Directors to be independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE AGREEMENTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT
On 10 October 2023, Mr. Xu Binhuai entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years
commencing on 10 October 2023.

On 3 April 2024, Mr. Zhao Jun entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years
commencing on 3 April 2024.

Save as disclosed above, each of other executive Directors and non-executive Directors has entered into a service
agreement with the Company to renew his/her term of office, and each of other independent non-executive Directors has
renewed his letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing on 19 June 2024, which are
renewable and subject to termination under certain circumstances specified in the relevant service agreement and letter
of appointment.

There was no service agreement or letter of appointment between the Directors proposed to be re-elected at the
2025 AGM and the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, no other transaction, arrangement
or contract that is significant in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was
a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director still has or had, directly or indirectly, a material
interest subsisted at any time during the year ended 31 December 2024.

MATERIAL CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, there was no material contract
entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and its controlling shareholders or any of its subsidiaries,
and there was no material contract involving the provision of services by the controlling shareholders or any of its
subsidiaries to the Company or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the year ended 31 December 2024.




         66      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Report of the Directors



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts, other than the service contracts with the Directors and employment contracts, concerning the
management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into
or subsisted during the year ended 31 December 2024.

INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ASSOCIATES IN COMPETING
BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, none of the Directors or any of their respective associates (as defined in the
Listing Rules) was considered to be interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or
indirectly, with the business of the Group, which was required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
On 29 May 2018, Ms. Yang Huiyan, the controlling shareholder of the Company, entered into the Deed of Non-
competition in favour of the Company.

Ms. Yang Huiyan has undertaken in the Deed of Non-competition that she will not, and will procure her close associates
(as defined under the Listing Rules and excluding the CGH Group) not to directly or indirectly be involved in or undertake
any business (other than the Group’s business) that directly or indirectly competes, or may compete, with the Company’s
business, which includes providing property management services, community value-added services, value-added
services to non-property owners, and other services forming an integrated service offering to the customers and covering
the entire value chain of property management (collectively referred to as the “Restricted Activities”), or hold shares or
interest in any companies or business that compete directly or indirectly with the business engaged by the Group from
time to time except where the controlling shareholders and their close associates hold less than 5% of the total issued
share capital of any company (whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange) which is
engaged in any business that is or may be in competition with any business engaged by any member of the Group and
they do not control 10% or more of the composition of the board of directors of such company.

For details of the Deed of Non-competition stated above, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with our
Controlling Shareholders” in the prospectus of the Company dated 6 June 2018.

Ms. Yang Huiyan, the controlling shareholder of the Company, has provided the Company with a written confirmation
dated 13 March 2025, in which Ms. Yang Huiyan confirmed that, during the year ended 31 December 2024, she and her
close associates had fully complied with all terms and provisions of the Deed of Non-competition.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Articles of Association provide that every Director for the time being acting in relation to any of the affairs of the
Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all actions,
costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done,
concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices or trusts.
However, such indemnity does not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any of
the said persons.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company had taken out insurance for Directors and senior management
to provide appropriate protection for the Directors and senior management of the Company.

The permitted indemnity provision was in force during the year ended 31 December 2024 for the benefit of the Directors.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024        67
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE
HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the emoluments of the Directors and senior management and those of the five highest paid individuals of
the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note 42 and note 10(b) to the consolidated financial
statements of the Group. Details of the emoluments of senior management by band for the year ended 31 December
2024 are set out in section headed “Remuneration Committee” in the Corporate Governance Report in this annual report.

The emoluments of individual Directors (including salaries and other benefits) are recommended by the Remuneration
Committee of the Company for the Board’s approval in accordance with the “Emolument Policy of Directors and Senior
Management” and having regard to the remuneration packages of comparable positions in similar companies, business
requirements, individual experience, the Directors’ performance and duties, etc.

RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements.

The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in mainland China and Southeast Asia are required to
participate in a defined contribution pension scheme operated by the local government authorities. These subsidiaries are
required to contribute a certain proportion of its payroll costs to the pension scheme. The only obligation of the Company
with respect to the pension scheme is to make the required contributions. No forfeited contribution under the pension
scheme is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as
they become payable in accordance with the rules of the pension scheme.

The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the Mandatory Provident Fund
Scheme Ordinance (the “MPF Scheme”) for all employees in Hong Kong, which is a defined contribution retirement
scheme. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution requirement of 5% of
eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance
with the rules of the MPF Scheme. No forfeited contribution under the MPF Scheme is available to reduce the
contribution payable in future years. The assets of this pension scheme are held separately from those of the Group in
independently administered funds.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Details of the continuing connected transactions that constitute non-exempt transactions under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules are disclosed as follows.




         68      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Report of the Directors


Continuing Connected Transactions with CGH

Since CGH is a majority-controlled company indirectly held by Ms. Yang Huiyan, the Chairman of the Board, a non-
executive Director and the controlling shareholder of the Company, CGH, its subsidiary and their 30%-controlled
companies are associates of Ms. Yang Huiyan and thus connected persons of the Company. The transactions
contemplated between the Company and the CGH Group (which, for the purpose of this section headed “Continuing
Connected Transactions with CGH” only, includes 30%-controlled companies of CGH and its subsidiaries) therefore
constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

1.   Trademark Licencing Arrangement

     On 1 June 2018, a trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Company and Shunbi Property
     and a deed of trademark licencing was entered into between the Company and CGH (the “Trademark Licencing
     Arrangement”), pursuant to which Shunbi Property agreed to and CGH would procure Shunbi Property to
     irrevocably and unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use several trademarks registered
     in the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of the trademark licencing agreement
     and the deed of trademark licencing, which is subject to the renewal of the licenced trademarks, on a royalty-free
     basis. In view of the needs for business development of the Group, the Company entered into a supplementary
     agreement with Shunbi Property on 13 March 2020, pursuant to which both parties agreed to increase the
     categories of registered trademarks licenced for use for the “information on registered trademarks licenced”.

     The Directors considered that the Trademark Licencing Arrangement with a term of over three years can ensure
     the stability of our operations, and is beneficial to the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

     Shunbi Property, as the registered proprietor of the licenced trademarks, is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
     of CGH. CGH is an associate of Ms. Yang Huiyan, the Chairman of the Board, a non-executive Director and a
     controlling shareholder of the Company, and therefore Shunbi Property is a connected person of the Company
     in accordance with the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement
     constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The
     transaction under the Trademark Licencing Arrangement was within the de minimus threshold provided under Rule
     14A.76 of the Listing Rules and was exempt from the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent
     Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details of the Trademark
     Licensing Arrangement, please refer to the section headed “Connected Transactions” of the listing document of
     the Company dated 6 June 2018.

2.   Property Management Services Framework Agreement

     On 29 December 2023, the Company entered into a property management services framework agreement (the
     “Property Management Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH. During the term of the said agreement,
     members of the Group may from time to time enter into individual agreements with members of the CGH Group.
     The services to be provided include property management services provided in respect of (i) the unsold property
     units that have been handed over and will be handed over by the CGH Group to the Group for management
     through statutory procedures during the term of such agreement and (ii) the sold property units that have not been
     delivered pursuant to the respective property purchase contracts for projects developed by the CGH Group, for a
     term of three years commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December 2026.

     The annual caps (excluding tax) for fees paid by the CGH Group to the Group under the Property Management
     Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ending 31 December 2026 are RMB440 million,
     RMB410 million and RMB370 million, respectively.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024       69
Report of the Directors


     Since the incorporation of the Group, the Group has maintained business partnership with the CGH Group and
     provided property management services for the property owners of its property projects. The Group is a leading
     service provider in comprehensive property management in the PRC with diversified business focuses. The
     entry into of the Property Management Services Framework Agreement will help the Group to continue to obtain
     contracts for preliminary property management services for property projects developed by the CGH Group and
     provide satisfactory services to the property owners. The payment terms of the Property Management Services
     Framework Agreement are also conducive to the Group’s control over the scale of its receivables and management
     of financial resources.

     For details of the Property Management Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the
     Company dated 29 December 2023.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the total property management service fee payable by the CGH Group
     to the Group was approximately RMB241.00 million (of which approximately RMB102.92 million was recognized
     as revenue by the Company in accordance with the policy set out in note 6(c) to the consolidated financial
     statements), which did not exceed the cap of RMB440 million.

3.   Value-added Services to Non-Property Owners

     On 29 December 2023, the Company entered into a non-property owner value-added services framework
     agreement (the “Non-property Owner Value-added Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH. In
     accordance with its principal terms, members of the Group may from time to time enter into individual agreements
     with members of the CGH Group to provide the CGH Group with the following services (the “Value-added
     Services to Non-Property Owners”) for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December
     2026:

     (a)    Consultancy services including (i) advice and assistance on the setting up and operation of the on-site sales
            offices of the CGH Group, such as decoration of the venue, physical set-up of booths and exhibitions,
            greenery, cleaning and maintenance of water and electricity supplies of the sales offices; (ii) provision
            of guidance and training to the staff of the CGH Group on the operations of the on-site sales offices,
            including the manners for general reception of guests, the provision of light refreshments, maintenance of
            a decent and proper interior of the sales offices for guests, management of show flats, property handover,
            handover inspection; (iii) cleaning services for the properties developed by the CGH Group before delivery
            to homeowners; (iv) asset operations management services; and (v) engineering services, including but not
            limited to inspection service to developer and individual owner, and housing maintenance service;

     (b)    Sales and leasing agency services including marketing planning programs for the leasing and sales for
            the houses or parking spaces of the CGH Group, leasing, sales, agency services for property ownership
            certificates, monitoring and management of the leasing and sales back office;

     (c)    Advertising services (which comprise installation, maintenance and dismantling services) in relation to
            advertisements to be displayed at certain advertising spaces located in the common areas of the property
            projects managed by the Group;

     (d)    Elevators Installation Services including elevator products installation and supporting services; and

     (e)    Other services including technology services, after-sales maintenance and warranty services for houses and
            buildings, disinfection and pest control services, home decoration agency services and other services.

     The annual caps (excluding tax) of the transactions contemplated under the Non-property Owner Value-added
     Services Framework Agreement for the three years ending 31 December 2026 are RMB340 million, RMB250
     million and RMB220 million, respectively.




           70    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                             Report of the Directors


      The Group is a leading service provider in comprehensive property management in the PRC with diversified
      business focuses. The Group has been providing similar services contemplated under the Non-property Owner
      Value-added Services Framework Agreement to the CGH Group. The payment terms of the Non-property Owner
      Value-added Services Framework Agreement are also conducive to the Group’s control over the scale of its
      receivables and management of financial resources. The Group will also strictly control the business scale and
      strengthen recovery of payments in accordance with the principle of prudence.

      For details of the Non-property Owner Value-added Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the
      announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the total non-property owner value-added services fee payable by
      the CGH Group to the Group was approximately RMB295.89 million (of which approximately RMB285.85 million
      was recognized as revenue by the Company in accordance with the policy set out in note 6(c) to the consolidated
      financial statements), which did not exceed the cap of RMB340 million.

4.    Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement

      On 29 December 2023, the Company entered into a hotel, engineering and transportation services framework
      agreement (the “Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework Agreement”) with CGH. During
      the term of the said agreement, members of the Group may from time to time enter into individual agreements with
      members of the CGH Group for the provision of hotel services, engineering and transportation services by the CGH
      Group in accordance with the principal terms of the Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services Framework
      Agreement. Under these agreements, the services provided by the CGH Group to the Group include hotel
      accommodation, maintenance on the public facilities (including engineering services such as upgrading and routine
      maintenance of facilities and equipment, repair and renovation of civil engineering works), shuttle-bus transportation
      services and other services (the “Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services”), for a term of three years
      commencing on 1 January 2024 until 31 December 2026.

      The annual caps (excluding tax) for fees paid by the Group to the CGH Group under the Hotel, Engineering and
      Transportation Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ending 31 December 2026 are RMB45
      million, RMB45 million and RMB45 million, respectively.

      The Company was of the view that the entering into of the Hotel, Engineering and Transportation Services
      Framework Agreement would help raise the Group’s service quality and enhance the brand of the Group, and is in
      conformity with the Group’s strategic development needs.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the total amount for the hotel, engineering and transportation services
      paid by the Group to the CGH Group was approximately RMB41.44 million, which did not exceed the cap of
      RMB45 million.

REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
BY INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing
connected transactions of the Group and confirmed that the continuing connected transactions have been entered into:

(1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(2)   on normal commercial terms or better or, if there were insufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they
      were on normal commercial terms or better, on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or
      from independent third parties; and

(3)   according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
      the Shareholders as a whole.



                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        71
Report of the Directors



REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
BY AUDITOR
Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s external auditor, Deloitte, was engaged to report on the
Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
(Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”. The auditor has
issued an unqualified letter to the Board containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the disclosed continuing
connected transactions as follows:

(1)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
      transactions have not been approved by the Board of the Company;

(2)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that
      causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
      pricing policies of the Group;

(3)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all
      material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

(4)   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
      attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the
      annual cap set by the Company.

OTHERS
The continuing connected transactions disclosed above constitute related party transactions under the Hong Kong
Financial Reporting Standards. A summary of significant related party transactions conducted during the year ended
31 December 2024 is disclosed in note 40 “Related party transactions” to the financial statements. These related
party transactions include the continuing connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules,
and relevant disclosures as required by the Listing Rules are set out in this section. The disclosed amounts of these
related party transactions contain certain incomes/expenses which are exempt from the announcement and reporting
requirements as they are less than the minimum as required by Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.

The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules in relation to the aforementioned continuing connected transactions.




         72      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Report of the Directors



DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 14.36B OF THE LISTING RULES
1.   Discloseable transaction in relation to acquisition of 100% equity interest in City-Media

     On 30 July 2020, CG Life Services entered into an equity transfer agreement (the “Equity Transfer Agreement”)
     with the original shareholders (the “Original City-Media Shareholders”, as defined in the announcement of
     the Company dated 30 July 2020) of City-Media, Zhoushan Maofenghe Equity Investment Partnership (Limited
     Partnership) (“Zhoushan Maofeng”) (as the “First Vendor”), Zhoushan Bairuitong Equity Investment Partnership
     (Limited Partnership) and City-Media, pursuant to which CG Life Services acquired a total of 100% equity interest in
     City-Media. For details of the acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30 July 2020.

     Acquisition of the First Phase Target Shares

     CG Life Services agreed to acquire 65% equity interests of City-Media held by the First Vendor (the “First Phase
     Target Shares”). The Original City-Media Shareholders and Zhoushan Maofeng undertook that, during the years
     of 2020, 2021 and 2022 (the “Valuation Adjustment Period”), the accumulated audited principal business
     income (the “Principal Business Income”) and the accumulated audited net profit which is attributable to the
     shareholders of City-Media after deducting the non-recurring profit or loss (the “Net Profit After NRI”) of City-
     Media shall meet the minimum performance targets for the relevant years as follows:

                                          Principal Business Income                        Net Profit After NRI
                                                              The guaranteed                               The guaranteed
                                                            minimum amount                               minimum amount
                                      The guaranteed      of the accumulated                           of the accumulated
                                     minimum amount        Principal Business   The guaranteed         Net Profit After NRI
                                       of the Principal Income for the year(s) minimum amount                for the year(s)
                                     Business Income during the Valuation of the Net Profit After     during the Valuation
                                           for the year    Adjustment Period    NRI for the year        Adjustment Period
     Year of performance                  (RMB million)         (RMB million)      (RMB million)              (RMB million)


      2020                                      375.85                  375.85                75.01                     75.01
      2021                                      468.46                  844.31               110.45                    185.46
      2022                                      473.46                1,317.77               114.08                    299.54

     In the event of fulfilment of the aforementioned performance guarantee by City-Media for 2022, CG Life Services
     should pay the sixth instalment of the consideration of RMB76.79 million to the First Vendor within 10 working days
     after the date of confirmation of its audited results or after the date on which the collection rate of the accumulated
     Principal Business Income (tax inclusive) of City-Media during the Valuation Adjustment Period is not less than 85%
     (including monetary fund collection and receipt of bank acceptance draft) (whichever is later).

     Acquisition of the Second Phase Target Shares

     Depending on the fulfillment of the aforementioned performance guarantee, CG Life Services will acquire the
     remaining 35% of the Target Shares (the “Second Phase Target Shares”) from Zhoushan Bairuitong Equity
     Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (the “Second Vendor”), such that City-Media will become a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of CG Life Services. The specific arrangements are any of the following circumstances: (i) in
     which CG Life Services has the obligation to acquire the Second Phase Target Shares; and (ii) in which CG Life
     Services has no obligation but has the right to acquire the Second Phase Target Shares.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024            73
Report of the Directors


   Performance compensation

   Following the conclusion of the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the accumulated Principal Business Income of City-
   Media during the Valuation Adjustment Period is less than RMB1,317.77 million, or the accumulated Net Profit After
   NRI is less than RMB299.54 million, then the First Vendor shall compensate CG Life Services, and the calculation
   of the corresponding compensation amount (the “Performance Compensation Amount”) is as follows:

              (RMB1,317.77 million – I)
   (A)                                    × RMB511.94 million; or
                RMB1,317.77 million

              (RMB299.54 million – P)
   (B)                                    × RMB511.94 million,
                 RMB299.54 million

   I      = The accumulated actual Principal Business Income during the Valuation Adjustment Period

   P      = The accumulated actual Net Profit After NRI during the Valuation Adjustment Period

   whichever is higher, but not more than RMB511.94 million.

   If the amount of the fourth and/or the fifth and/or the sixth instalments of the consideration for the First Phase
   Target Shares which CG Life Services has not yet paid (the “Unpaid Consideration”) is:

   (1)    larger or equal to the Performance Compensation Amount, then CG Life Services shall pay to the First Vendor
          the balance of the Unpaid Consideration after deducting the Performance Compensation Amount; or

   (2)    less than the Performance Compensation Amount, then the First Vendor shall pay cash to CG Life Services to
          make up for the difference between the Performance Compensation Amount and the Unpaid Consideration.

   Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee

   Except where the general manager appointed by the Second Vendor voluntarily resigns or offers to cease to serve
   as the general manager, in the event that CG Life Services deprives the general manager appointed by the Second
   Vendor of daily operation and management rights or remove such general manager which results in the Second
   Vendor unable to assign a general manager, then the aforementioned performance guarantee shall be deemed
   to be fulfilled in full (“Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee”), unless it is due to the discovery by CG
   Life Services that the person appointed by the Second Vendor violates the standard of conduct for directors,
   supervisors and senior management.

   In a certain year, in the event of Deemed Fulfilment of Performance Guarantee of such year and/or subsequent
   years, CG Life Services shall, within 10 working days after the occurrence of such a situation, pay the consideration
   of the First Phase Target Shares for the corresponding instalments for such year and/or subsequent years.

   As at the date of this report, in respect of the audit on the aforementioned performance guarantee made by City-Media
   for 2022, as the vendors and the management of the Company are still in the process of negotiation on recognition
   of certain revenue and costs and whether certain account receivables should be separately tested for impairment
   for the purpose of making provision for bad debts of City-Media under the terms of the Equity Transfer Agreement,
   the auditor was unable to express any opinion on its audit conclusion. The Company will make disclosure as
   appropriate after obtaining the relevant audit opinions in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the
   Listing Rules.




         74       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Report of the Directors


2.   Discloseable transaction in relation to acquisition of 70% equity interest in Manguo

     On 14 October 2020, CG Property Services HK and CG Life Services (as the purchasers) entered into an equity
     transfer agreement with the vendors (being BLP Capital Limited, Huzhou Yuxin Enterprise Management Partnership
     (Limited Partnership), Huzhou Ruilong Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) and Huzhou
     Changxin Information Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (formerly known as Huzhou Yixin Enterprise
     Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) and subsequently known as Taizhou Yixin Enterprise Management
     Partnership (Limited Partnership)), Fan Manguo (“Mr. Fan”) and Manguo (formerly known as Shandong Manguo
     Kangjie Environmental Sanitation Group Co., Ltd.), in relation to the acquisition of 70% equity interest in Manguo (the
     “Manguo Target Shares”). For details of the acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
     14 October 2020.

     Valuation Adjustment Amount

     The vendors and Mr. Fan undertook that, during the years of 2021, 2022 and 2023 (the “Valuation Adjustment
     Period”), the accumulated Operating Revenue and the accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Manguo shall meet the
     minimum performance requirements for the relevant year(s) as follows:

                                              Operating Revenue                           Net Profit After NRI
                                                             The guaranteed                                The guaranteed
                                                           minimum amount                                minimum amount
                                                         of the accumulated                            of the accumulated
                                      The guaranteed     Operating Revenue        The guaranteed       Net Profit After NRI
                                     minimum amount            for the year(s)  minimum amount               for the year(s)
                                      of the Operating during the Valuation of the Net Profit After during the Valuation
      Year of performance         Revenue for the year    Adjustment Period       NRI for the year      Adjustment Period


      2021                                       1.22X                  1.22X                  1.20Y                  1.20Y
      2022                                       1.49X                  2.71X                  1.44Y                  2.64Y
      2023                                       1.82X                  4.53X                  1.73Y                  4.37Y

     In the paragraph headed “– Valuation Adjustment Amount” in the table above and below:

     (1)   X represents the Operating Revenue of Manguo in 2020, which shall not exceed RMB2,400.00 million.

     (2)   Y represents the Net Profit After NRI of Manguo in 2020, which shall not exceed RMB220.00 million.

     During the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the guaranteed minimum amount of any year listed in the above table
     is not fulfilled during that year, the vendors and Mr. Fan are not required to pay the valuation adjustment amount
     to the purchasers. However, following the conclusion of the Valuation Adjustment Period, if the aforementioned
     performance guarantee is not fulfilled (i.e. the accumulated Operating Revenue of Manguo is less than 4.53X or
     its accumulated Net Profit After NRI is less than 4.37Y), the vendors and Mr. Fan shall jointly and severally pay
     the purchasers the valuation adjustment amount within 10 working days following the conclusion of the Valuation
     Adjustment Period.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         75
Report of the Directors


     As at the date of this report, due to (i) the political instability in Pakistan, the progress of the audit of the local
     operations of Manguo has been seriously affected by the local security control; (ii) the audit report relating to the
     performance guarantee of Manguo involved a large amount of data in relation to three financial years, and it took
     more time for the Company to review the relevant accounting working papers in accordance with the relevant
     terms of the equity transfer agreement; (iii) there was a disagreement amongst the vendors and the management
     of the Company on the recognition of certain revenue and costs of Manguo under the terms of the equity transfer
     agreement, and attempts were still being made to resolve the disagreement; and (iv) in respect of the policy on
     bad debt provision, the vendors has proposed to amend certain terms under the equity transfer agreement, which
     was still under consideration by the management of the Company. As such, the audit of the aforementioned
     performance guarantee for Manguo for the year ended 31 December 2023, the year ended 31 December 2022
     and the year ended 31 December 2021 has not yet been completed.

     The Company will closely monitor the aforementioned performance guarantee and make disclosure as appropriate
     after obtaining the relevant audit opinions in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

3.   Acquisition of a total of 60% equity interest in Fujian Dongfei

     On 30 October 2020, CG Life Services and CG Property Services HK entered into equity transfer agreements
     with, among others, Fuzhou Dingrong Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (“Dingrong Environmental
     Protection”) and One Supreme, respectively, pursuant to which the Group agreed to directly and indirectly acquire
     a total of 60% equity interest in Fujian Dongfei Environment Group Co., Ltd. (福建東飛環境集團有限公司) (“Fujian
     Dongfei”). For details of the acquisition, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30 October
     2020.

     The audited accumulated Operating Revenue and audited accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Fujian Dongfei for
     each financial year during the years of 2021, 2022 and 2023 (the “Performance Guarantee Period”) shall meet
     the minimum performance requirements for that year as follows:

                                                Operating Revenue                           Net Profit After NRI
                                                                     Guaranteed
                                                               minimum audited                       Guaranteed minimum
                                            Guaranteed              accumulated         Guaranteed audited accumulated
                                              minimum        Operating Revenue            minimum      Net Profit After NRI
                                              Operating     for each year during          Net Profit for each year during
                                               Revenue          the Performance           After NRI      the Performance
         Year of performance                for the year       Guarantee Period         for the year    Guarantee Period


         2021                                       1.15X                   1.15X                1.2Y                    1.2Y
         2022                                1.15 × 1.15X            2.15 × 1.15X          1.2 × 1.2Y              2.2 × 1.2Y
         2023                          1.2 × 1.15 × 1.15X            3.53 × 1.15X   1.25 × 1.2 × 1.2Y              3.7 × 1.2Y



     For the purposes of the table above and the sections below:

     X       = Operating Revenue (exclusive of tax) of Fujian Dongfei for 2020 (being RMB1,080 million)

     Y       = Net Profit After NRI of Fujian Dongfei for 2020 (the “Performance Guarantee Benchmark(s)”) (being
             RMB120 million)




          76      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Report of the Directors


For each financial year during the Performance Guarantee Period, if the audited accumulated Operating Revenue
or accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Fujian Dongfei is lower than the aforementioned performance guarantee, Mr.
Cai Yuan, Mr. Chen Jian and Mr. Yang Zhuoya (the “Guarantors”) shall pay compensation to CG Life Services in
cash or through the equity interest in Fujian Dongfei.

If Fujian Dongfei’s audited accumulated Operating Revenue or accumulated Net Profit After NRI for previous years
(i.e. 2021 and 2022) is lower than performance undertaking requirements for the year at the end of the Performance
Guarantee Period, but the accumulated Operating Revenue and accumulated Net Profit After NRI of Fujian Dongfei
reach the minimum audited accumulated Operating Revenue and accumulated Net Profit After NRI for 2023 at
the end of the Performance Guarantee Period, it is deemed that Fujian Dongfei has fulfilled the aforementioned
performance guarantee.

On 22 July 2024, CG Life Services and CG Property Services HK entered into the supplemental agreement (the
“Supplemental Agreement”, the equity transfer agreements as amended by the Supplemental Agreement, the
“Amended Equity Transfer Agreements”) with, among others, Dingrong Environmental Protection and One
Supreme, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to amend the equity transfer agreements in relation to the
compensation arrangements for Fujian Dongfei failing to meet the above performance guarantee. For details of the
equity interest compensation transaction, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 22 July 2024.

According to the annual audit reports of Fujian Dongfei, its actual performance is as follows:

                                      Year of performance
                                  2021             2022                  2023               Total           Shortfall
                             (RMB’0,000)    (RMB’0,000)             (RMB’0,000)        (RMB’0,000)        (RMB’0,000)


 Operating Revenue            136,628.73         118,179.66         112,814.93         367,623.32          -71,002.57
 Net Profit After NRI          14,923.31          17,287.48          10,249.54          42,460.33          -10,819.67

As a result, Fujian Dongfei failed to fulfill the performance guarantee set out in the equity transfer agreements.

Under the Amended Equity Transfer Agreements, One Supreme will make payment by way of compensation
through equity interest and transfer its 25% equity interest in Genuine Investment Group Limited (“Genuine
Investment”) to CG Property Services HK at nil cash consideration. As Genuine Investment holds 30% equity
interest in Fujian Dongfei through its direct wholly-owned subsidiary Waytop Investment, the Company may
indirectly increase its effective shareholding in Fujian Dongfei by 7.5% through the equity interest compensation
transaction.

As at the date of this report, One Supreme completed the registration of the equity transfer under the equity interest
compensation transaction under the Amended Equity Transfer Agreements, and the Company has indirectly held
an aggregate of 67.5% effective shareholding in Fujian Dongfei.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024        77
Report of the Directors


4.   Acquisition of Entire Equity Interest in Wealth Best Global

     On 20 September 2021, CG Property Services HK entered into an equity transfer agreement with R&F Property
     Services Group Company Limited (“R&F Property”) to acquire 100% equity interest in Wealth Best Global
     Limited (“Wealth Best Global”) at a consideration of no more than RMB10 billion. For details, please refer to the
     announcements of the Company dated 20 September 2021 and 12 October 2021.

     Phase 1 – Third Instalment of Consideration

     R&F Property has undertaken that the audited net profit after NRI and accounting revenue of Wealth Best Global
     for 2021 shall not be less than RMB500 million and RMB4.2 billion, respectively, and its areas under management
     and total contracted areas as at 31 December 2021 shall not be less than 86 million sq. m. and 127 million sq. m.,
     respectively.

     Consideration Adjustment

     If the financial data of Wealth Best Global in 2021 fails to meet any financial indicator specified in the
     aforementioned performance guarantee, the phase 1 consideration shall be reduced in accordance with the
     following formulas:

     (1)    If the audited net profit after NRI for 2021 is less than RMB500 million, the phase 1 consideration shall be
            reduced pro-rata to the difference between RMB500 million and the actual audited net profit after NRI.

     (2)    If the accounting revenue for 2021 is less than RMB4.2 billion, the phase 1 consideration shall be reduced
            pro-rata to the difference between RMB4.2 billion and the actual accounting revenue for 2021.

     (3)    If the total areas under management as at 31 December 2021 is less than 86 million sq. m., the phase 1
            consideration shall be reduced pro-rata to the difference between 86 million sq. m. and the actual total areas
            under management as at 31 December 2021.

     (4)    If the total contracted areas as at 31 December 2021 are less than 127 million sq. m., the phase 1
            consideration shall be reduced pro-rata to the difference between 127 million sq. m. and the actual total
            contracted areas as at 31 December 2021.

     If Wealth Best Global fails to meet more than one financial indicator agreed in the aforementioned performance
     guarantee, the reduction amount shall be the highest of those calculated in accordance with the formulas above.
     The reduction amount (if any) shall be deducted by CG Property Services HK from the phase 2 consideration.

     Due to the disputes among the parties regarding the provision ratio for bad debts, the audit work related to the
     aforementioned performance guarantee of Wealth Best Global for the year ended 31 December 2021 has not yet
     been completed. Therefore, it is not yet known whether the financial data of Wealth Best Global in 2021 has met
     any financial indicators specified in the aforementioned performance guarantee, and it has not been confirmed
     whether the phase 1 consideration needs to be correspondingly reduced. The Company will continue to closely
     monitor the above situation and, upon obtaining the relevant audit opinions, make disclosure as appropriate in
     accordance with the requirements of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.




           78    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Report of the Directors


Phase 2 – Fourth Instalment of Consideration (the “Fourth Instalment of Consideration”)

In addition to the areas under management of 86 million sq. m. agreed to be delivered under the performance
guarantee for 2021, R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties (as defined in the Company’s
announcement dated 20 September 2021) shall deliver areas under management (the “Delivered GFA under
Management”) of 66 million sq. m. to Wealth Best Global or other entities designated by CG Property Services
HK for a total consideration of RMB3 billion. The Fourth Instalment of Consideration shall be payable in instalments
after CG Property Services HK has paid the third instalment of consideration. The parties shall conduct inventory
taking on a monthly basis to determine the part of the Fourth Instalment of Consideration payable in the month
according to the monthly inventory taking results.

                                                            Areas delivered in            RMB3 billion
            Consideration payable for each month       =                         ×
                                                                the month              66 million sq. m.

The contracted unit price of the areas under management transferred to CG Property Services HK shall meet the
following requirements:

(1)   for residential properties, it shall be not lower than the average local market unit price for the properties within
      the same business type category and in the same area in principle; and

(2)   for commercial properties, if the R&F Property Related Parties own local projects within the same business
      type category in the same area, it shall be determined with reference to the average market unit price for the
      projects of the R&F Property Related Parties. If there is no local project owned by the R&F Property Related
      Parties within the same business category, it shall be not lower than the average market unit price for the
      projects within the same business type category in the same area.

The part of the Fourth Instalment of Consideration payable by CG Property Services HK for a month shall be
utilized first to offset the Balance with Related Parties (as defined below) as stated in the section headed “Handling
of balance with related parties” below.

Handling of balance with related parties

The amount due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties (the
“Balance with Related Parties”) not exceeding RMB610 million shall be offsetted with the Fourth Instalment of
Consideration until the consideration in excess of the limited of the Balance with Related Parties is paid after being
fully settled through offsetting.

If the aforesaid amount of RMB610 million due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F
Property Related Parties has not been fully settled through offsetting as at 30 June 2024, R&F Property shall
make up for the shortfall within 20 statutory working days in the PRC following the determination of the amount
outstanding. For the excess of the amount due to the Wealth Best Global Group by R&F Property and the R&F
Property Related Parties over such RMB610 million, CG Property Services HK has the right to either offset such
amount with each instalment of the consideration or request R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties to
pay such amount.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         79
Report of the Directors


     As at the date of this report, as the parties have not yet confirmed the amount of the Fourth Instalment of
     Consideration calculated based on the Delivered GFA under Management as of 30 June 2024 that can be
     offset against Balance with Related Parties, and the parties were still in dispute over the impairment of the trade
     receivables owed by R&F Property and the R&F Property Related Parties to the Wealth Best Global Group, CG
     Property Services HK and R&F Property have not yet reached a consensus on relevant matters and conclusions
     of the aforementioned performance guarantee. As such, the audit of the aforementioned performance guarantee
     for Wealth Best Global for the year ended 31 December 2021 has not yet been completed. Currently, the parties
     have implemented and will continue to take measures of debt-for-equity to reduce the amount of Balance with
     Related Parties, while making progress in discussing the solutions for the recovery of Balance with Related Parties,
     negotiating the terms of possible supplemental agreement to the equity transfer agreement and other matters
     related to subsequent business cooperation. Meanwhile, the Company will also continue to closely monitor the
     audit of the aforementioned performance guarantee and make disclosure as appropriate in compliance with the
     requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules after obtaining the relevant audit opinions.

5.   Acquisition of Shares of Everjoy Services Company Limited

     On 11 February 2022, CG Property Services HK entered into a binding equity purchase agreement (the “Original
     Majority Equity Purchase Agreement”) with Chuangchen International Co., Ltd. (創辰國際有限公司),
     Chuangzhuo International Co., Ltd. (創卓國際有限公司), Chuangyuan International Co., Ltd. (創沅國際有限公司),
     Tycoon Ample Limited (亨盛有限公司) and Mr. Yang Jian (楊劍) (collectively, the “Majority Vendors”), and entered
     into a binding equity purchase agreement (the “Original Minority Equity Purchase Agreement”) (together with
     the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement, the “Agreements”) with Chuangzhi International Co., Ltd. (創志
     國際有限公司), Chuangtong International Co., Ltd. (創同國際有限公司), Mr. Li Jiacheng (李家城) and Mr. Ma Fei (馬
     飛) (collectively, the “Minority Vendors”) (together with the Majority Vendors, the “Vendors”), pursuant to which
     CG Property Services HK agreed to acquire a total of approximately 93.76% equity interest in Everjoy Services
     Company Limited. (“Everjoy Services”) at a total consideration of no more than approximately RMB3,129 million
     in cash (the “Acquisition”). The terms of the Agreements were determined after arm’s length negotiations between
     the parties.

     On 29 March 2022, the Company, CG Property Services HK and the relevant Vendors entered into the Majority
     First Supplemental Agreement and the Minority First Supplemental Agreement, respectively, to amend the
     arrangements for payment of the consideration under the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement and the
     Original Minority Equity Purchase Agreement (including the change of payment method for part of the consideration
     to payment through issuing consideration shares), the performance guarantees and the contractual arrangements
     for relevant matters. Pursuant to the amended Agreements, the maximum number of the consideration shares to
     be issued is 45,983,980 Shares.

     On 29 March 2022, CG Property Services HK entered into the Majority Second Supplemental Agreement and the
     Minority Second Supplemental Agreement with the relevant Vendors and Shanghai Zhongchengyun City Operation
     Management Co., Ltd (formerly known as Shanghai Zhongchengyun City Construction Services Co. Ltd., a related
     party of the Majority Vendors), respectively, to amend the scope of the projects for which Everjoy Services and
     its subsidiaries has entered into contracts and which have not been taken over yet as at 31 December 2021,
     including the part of the projects to be delivered in phases for which contracts have been entered into but which
     are not taken over yet (the “Projects In Transit”) and the Injected Projects (as defined under the Agreements and
     collectively, the “Projects”), the rectification of the Projects, the reorganization arrangements of Everjoy Services
     and its subsidiaries, the handling of related party transactions and accounts and the contractual arrangements
     for relevant matters under the Original Majority Equity Purchase Agreement, the Original Minority Equity Purchase
     Agreement, the Majority First Supplemental Agreement and the Minority First Supplemental Agreement.




        80      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                     Report of the Directors


Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 14 February 2022, 29 March 2022 and 20 May 2022 for
details.

I.   Payment Conditions

                                     Business or asset                Consideration receivable                 Consideration receivable
                                     of the Target Group              by the Majority Vendors and              by the Minority Vendors
                                     corresponding to the             its payment method                       and its payment method
                                     consideration                    (RMB)                                    (RMB)


      Second part of consideration   Non-property owners value-added No more than 45 million payable in        None
                                     business under management       cash in 10 annual installments

      Third part of consideration    Projects In Transit              No more than 640.80 million payable      No more than 79. 20 million payable
                                                                      in cash according to project delivery    through the consideration shares in
                                                                      progress                                 equivalent value (the “Minority PIT
                                                                                                               Consideration Shares”) according
                                                                                                               to project delivery progress

      Fifth part of consideration    Injected Projects                No more than approximately               None
                                                                      1,571.44 million payable through the
                                                                      consideration shares in equivalent
                                                                      value (the “Majority Consideration
                                                                      Shares”) according to project delivery
                                                                      progress

     Second part of consideration

     The second part of consideration shall be paid in ten installments corresponding to the ten financial years
     from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2031, with each installment of RMB4.5 million.

     If both of the revenue and gross profit margin of the non-property owners value-added business under
     management for the relevant financial years remain to reach the prescribed benchmarks (being RMB150
     million and 15%, respectively), CG Property Services HK shall pay the corresponding installment of
     consideration to the Majority Vendors after the annual audit is competed. If any indicator for any financial
     year fails to meet the prescribed benchmarks, CG Property Services HK shall have the right to not pay the
     corresponding installment of consideration and to deduct it from the total consideration.

     As the management of Everjoy Services and the Majority Vendors failed to reach the prescribed benchmarks
     in respect of the revenue of the non-property owners value-added business under management of Everjoy
     Services for the year 2023, CG Property Services HK was not required to pay the consideration of RMB4.5
     million for the period in respect of the non-property owners value-added business under management for the
     year 2023.

     As the discussion between the management of Everjoy Services and the Majority Vendors in respect of
     whether the revenue and gross profit margin of the non-property owners value-added business under
     management of Everjoy Services for the year 2024 will reach the prescribed benchmarks is still in progress,
     the payment of RMB4.5 million by CG Property Services HK for the current period has yet to be confirmed.
     The Company will closely monitor the above situation and make disclosure as appropriate in compliance with
     the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024                 81
Report of the Directors


      Third part of consideration

      The third part of consideration shall be paid in stages according to the delivery progress of the Projects In
      Transit.

      Following the end of each half-year period since 1 January 2022, the parties shall review the Projects In
      Transit delivered during such half-year period.

      Within 10 working days following completion of each biannual review, CG Property Services HK shall
      pay the corresponding cash consideration and issue the Minority PIT Consideration Shares in equivalent
      corresponding value based on the saturated revenue of the Projects In Transit delivered during such period
      and the agreed formula. As at the date of this report, due to the impact of the downturn in the domestic real
      estate market, the management of Everjoy Services expects that the timeframe for the Projects In Transit
      to be delivered to Everjoy Services will be extended from full delivery by 30 June 2024 to full delivery being
      expected to be completed by 30 June 2026. In addition, CG Property Services HK may deduct outstanding
      non-property owners value-added services fees payables, various expense resulting from termination
      of contracts and expenses advanced and losses incurred by Everjoy Services from the third part of
      consideration and outstanding consideration payable directly.

      The following table summarises the Company’s payment of the third part of consideration to the Majority
      Vendors and Minority Vendors, respectively, under the terms of the equity purchase agreements, following
      the review by relevant parties of the Projects In Transit delivered during relevant half-year periods from 1
      January 2022 to 31 December 2024:

                               Consideration paid to the
         Period                Majority Vendors                 Consideration paid to the Minority Vendors


         From January 2022     Approximately RMB65.69 million   Some of the Minority Vendors have been paid by
         to December 2022      paid in cash                     consideration shares at an agreed issue price per share
                                                                under the equity purchase agreements of approximately
                                                                RMB4.8054 million

                                                                Due to existing litigation disputes or overdue payments in
                                                                respect of the payment of the third part of consideration
                                                                between the Company and the remaining Minority
                                                                Vendors, the Company has, after reaching a settlement to
                                                                conclusion of the litigation between the Company and the
                                                                Minority Vendors, paid approximately RMB4.4760 million
                                                                in cash (inclusive of the consideration of the Projects In
                                                                Transit delivered, legal fees, litigation costs and liquidated
                                                                damages incurred in connection with the litigation) to the
                                                                Minority Vendors in accordance with the terms of the equity
                                                                purchase agreements




    82      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                               Report of the Directors



                    Consideration paid to the
Period              Majority Vendors                   Consideration paid to the Minority Vendors


From January 2023   Approximately RMB64.34 million     The relevant Minority Vendor(s) has/have been paid by
to June 2023        paid in cash                       consideration shares at an agreed issue price per share
                                                       under the equity purchase agreements of approximately
                                                       RMB4.2723 million

                                                       Due to existing litigation disputes or overdue payments in
                                                       respect of the payment of the third part of consideration
                                                       between the Company and the remaining Minority Vendors,
                                                       the Company has, after reaching a settlement to conclusion
                                                       of the litigation between the Company and the Minority
                                                       Vendors, paid approximately RMB3.8893 million in cash
                                                       (inclusive of the consideration of the Projects In Transit
                                                       delivered and liquidated damages) to the Minority Vendors
                                                       in accordance with the terms of the equity purchase
                                                       agreements

                                                       Save as disclosed above, the Company is currently
                                                       negotiating with the Minority Vendors regarding the
                                                       outstanding balance. The specific amount shall be subject
                                                       to final negotiation and payment

From July 2023      Approximately RMB61.4593 million   The relevant Minority Vendor(s) has/have been paid by
to December 2023    paid in cash                       consideration shares at an agreed issue price per share
                                                       under the equity purchase agreements of approximately
                                                       RMB4.0812 million

                                                       Save as disclosed above, the Company is currently
                                                       negotiating with the Minority Vendors regarding the
                                                       outstanding balance. The specific amount shall be subject
                                                       to final negotiation and payment

From January 2024   Approximately RMB18.7761 million   Several Minority Vendors have been paid by consideration
to June 2024        paid in cash                       shares at an agreed issue price per share under the equity
                                                       purchase agreements of approximately RMB1.7570 million

                                                       Save as disclosed above, the Company is currently
                                                       negotiating with the Minority Vendors regarding the
                                                       outstanding balance. The specific amount shall be subject
                                                       to final negotiation and payment




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024           83
Report of the Directors



                                     Consideration paid to the
              Period                 Majority Vendors                     Consideration paid to the Minority Vendors


              From July 2024         No cash payment has been made        Minority Vendors have been paid by consideration shares at
              to December 2024       as the Company and the Majority      an agreed issue price per share under the equity purchase
                                     Vendors are confirming the saturated agreements of approximately RMB1.3933 million
                                     revenue of Projects In Transit
                                     delivered and the amounts due        Save as disclosed above, the Company shall, based on the
                                     from related parties of the Majority amount confirmed with the Majority Vendors, negotiate with
                                     Vendors                              the Minority Vendors regarding the outstanding balance
                                                                          subsequently. The specific amount shall be subject to final
                                                                          negotiation and payment

          *       As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 29 March 2022, the issue price of the consideration shares is
                  HK$46.1725 per share.


          The Company will closely monitor the above situation and, after obtaining confirmation from the Vendors,
          make payments to the Majority Vendors in cash and to the Minority Vendors through issuing consideration
          shares (or in cash, if applicable) as soon as practicable. The Company will also make disclosure as
          appropriate in compliance with the requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.

          Fifth Part of Consideration

          The fifth part of consideration shall be paid in stages according to the progress of delivery of the Injected
          Projects by the related parties of the Majority Vendors to the target group.

          Following the end of each half-year period since 1 January 2022, the parties shall review the Injected Projects
          delivered during such half-year period.

          Within one month following each biannual review, CG Property Services HK shall procure the issue of the
          Majority Consideration Shares in equivalent corresponding value based on the saturated revenue of the
          Injected Projects delivered during such period and the agreed formula.

          In 2024, no projects have been injected into the target group by the related parties of the Majority Vendors
          and no Shares of the Company are required to be issued by CG Property Services HK to the Vendors
          pursuant to the terms of the equity purchase agreements.

   II.    Performance Guarantee

          (1)     The Majority Vendors and the Minority Vendors have undertaken to CG Property Services HK that the
                  saturated revenue of the Projects under management for each half-year period from 1 January 2022
                  until full settlement of the third part of consideration shall not be less than the corresponding amount as
                  at 31 December 2021.




         84      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     Report of the Directors


(2)   The Minority Vendors have undertaken to CG Property Services HK that the performance of the target
      group for the three years from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025 shall meet the following targets:

       Performance
       Guarantee Period      Operating Revenue    Net profit after NRI   GFA under management


       1 July 2022 to        No less than         No less than           The GFA under management as at 30 June
          30 June 2023       RMB1,200 million       RMB125 million         2023 shall not be less than the GFA under
                                                                           management as at 31 December 2021

       1 July 2023 to        No less than         No less than           The GFA under management as at 30 June
          30 June 2024         RMB1,320 million     RMB137 million         2024 shall not be less than the GFA under
                                                                           management as at 30 June 2023

       1 July 2024 to        No less than         No less than           The GFA under management as at 30 June
          30 June 2025         RMB1,452 million     RMB150 million         2025 shall not be less than the GFA under
                                                                           management as at 30 June 2024

      Upon issue, the Minority Consideration Shares (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated
      29 March 2022) shall be charged in favor of CG Property Services HK or its designated entity to secure
      the performance guarantee made by the Minority Vendors. For each performance guarantee period,
      upon confirmation that the relevant targets have been met, CG Property Services HK shall arrange
      to release the share charge over one-third of the Minority Consideration Shares. If the target for any
      performance guarantee period is not met, the share charge over corresponding portion of the Minority
      Consideration Shares shall not be released, and such performance guarantee period and subsequent
      performance guarantee periods (including the corresponding timetable for release of share charge) shall
      be extended for one year and so forth until such target is met, except that any Minority Consideration
      Shares over which the share charge has not been released as at 30 June 2032 shall be forfeited.

      If the target group fails to meet performance guarantee (1) and/or the target for GFA under management
      under performance guarantee (2), the Majority Vendors and/or the Minority Vendors shall make up for
      a portion of the corresponding shortfall in consideration in cash in accordance with the agreed formula
      or inject new projects meeting the specified criteria and conditions into the target group to make up for
      a portion of the corresponding shortfall in saturated revenue. If such cash compensation is not made
      or such projects for compensation are not injected, CG Property Services HK shall have the right to
      dispose of the charged Minority Consideration Shares to meet the obligations of the Minority Vendors
      to make up for the shortfall.

      In respect of the performance guarantee (1) above, as stated in the section headed “Third part of
      consideration”, the parties have agreed to extend the full delivery date of the Projects In Transit to 30
      June 2026 when all deliveries are expected to be completed. Accordingly, the performance guarantee
      period in relation to performance guarantee (1) has not yet expired. The Company will closely monitor
      the above situation and make disclosure as appropriate in compliance with the requirement of Rule
      14.36B of the Listing Rules.

      In respect of the performance guarantee (2) above, as CG Property Services HK have not yet reached
      a consensus with the Minority Vendors as to whether the performance guarantee targets for the
      performance guarantee period from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2024 have been met. Therefore, CG
      Property Services HK would not release the share charge over one-third of the Minority Consideration
      Shares for the corresponding performance guarantee period for the time being. The Company will
      closely monitor the above situation and make disclosure as appropriate in compliance with the
      requirement of Rule 14.36B of the Listing Rules.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024            85
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the
Shares of the Company, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)), which
were required to be entered in the register pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

Long positions in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                          Number of
                                                                         interests in                           % of total
                                                                          underlying                             Shares in
                                                                         shares held                           issue as at
                                                      Number of         under equity                         31 December      Number of
  Name of Director Capacity                          Shares held          derivatives              Total             2024 debentures held


  Ms. Yang Huiyan        Interest of controlled   1,218,336,100(1)                  –     1,218,336,100             36.44%                    –
                            corporation and
                            other interests
  Mr. Xu Binhuai         Beneficial owner              1,240,667(2)     12,000,000(4)        13,240,667              0.40%                    –
  Mr. Xiao Hua           Beneficial owner                755,795(3)      5,000,000(4)         5,755,795              0.17%                    –

Notes:

As at 31 December 2024, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,343,049,591 Shares.

(1)      As at 31 December 2023, Concrete Win Limited (“Concrete Win” or the “Donor”) and Fortune Warrior Global Limited (“Fortune
         Warrior”) held 418,332,094 Shares and 125,363,139 Shares, respectively. Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior are beneficially wholly-
         owned by Ms. Yang Huiyan. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Yang Huiyan is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which
         Concrete Win and Fortune Warrior were interested in. Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win entered into a deed of gift with Guoqiang Public
         Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) Limited (“Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong)”) on 29 July 2023 (the “Deed of Gift”).
         Pursuant to the Deed of Gift, the Donor donated 674,640,867 Shares (the “Donation Shares”) to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation
         (Hong Kong) for charitable purposes, and appointed Ms. Yang Huiyan and the Donor or their designated person(s) as proxies to exercise
         the voting rights in respect of the Donation Shares on behalf of Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) at the discretion of Ms.
         Yang Huiyan and the Donor. Ms. Yang Huiyan continued to directly and indirectly control the voting rights in respect of 1,218,336,100
         Shares, which include the voting rights in respect of the Donation Shares.

(2)      These Shares represent 240,000 Shares held by Mr. Xu Binhuai which were purchased in the secondary market and 1,000,667 Shares
         issued to Mr. Xu Binhuai upon his exercise of the options granted to him under a pre-listing share option scheme adopted by the then
         shareholders of the Company on 13 March 2018, which was subsequently amended by a resolution passed at the extraordinary general
         meeting held on 7 November 2019 (“Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme”).

(3)      These Shares represent 37 Shares distributed to Mr. Xiao Hua by virtue of the shares of CGH held by him prior to the spin-off of the
         Company from CGH and separate listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, 5,558 Shares received by Mr. Xiao Hua as the
         distributed final dividend of CG Services for 2020 and 750,200 Shares issued to Mr. Xiao Hua upon his exercise of the options granted to
         him under the Pre-Listing Share Option Scheme.

(4)      The relevant interests are unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the 2024 Share Option Scheme. Upon exercise of
         the share options in accordance with the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the corresponding number of ordinary Shares will be issued at
         HK$5.01 per Share. The share options are personal to the respective Directors.




            86        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                         Report of the Directors


Long positions in the shares of an associated corporation of the Company

                                                                                                                        Approximate %
                                                                                                                         of total issued
                                                                                                                          shares of the
                                                                                                                             associated
                                                                                                                            corporation
                                                                                                                                as at 31
                               Name of associated                                                     Number of              December
  Name of Director             corporation                        Nature of interest                 Shares held                   2024(1)


  Ms. Yang Huiyan              Justbon Services                   Interest of controlled             177,584,598                   99.71%
                                                                     corporation

Note:

(1)     The resolution for approving the delisting of H shares of Justbon Services from the Stock Exchange was passed at the general meeting
        and H share class meeting of Justbon Services held on 17 June 2021, and the delisting acceptance condition was satisfied on 15 July
        2021. The listing of H shares of Justbon Services on the Stock Exchange was voluntarily withdrawn at 4:00 p.m. on 19 August 2021.
        Following the delisting, the shares of Justbon Services, as a PRC issuer, are no longer divided into H shares and domestic shares and
        are all ordinary shares with nominal value of RMB1 each. The percentage is calculated based on the total shares of Justbon Services of
        178,102,160 shares as at 31 December 2024.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company (including
their spouses and children under the age of 18) had any interest in, or had been granted any right to subscribe for the
Shares and options of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO), or had exercised
any such rights.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024            87
Report of the Directors



INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE
UNDER THE SFO
As at 31 December 2024, as set out in the register kept under Section 336 of the SFO, the following companies and
persons (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares and
underlying shares which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

                                                                                                   Number of          Approximate %
                                                                                                  Shares held          of total Shares
  Name of Shareholder                               Capacity                                  or interested in                 in issue


  Concrete Win                                      Beneficial owner                        1,092,972,961 (L)                    32.69%
  Mr. Chen Chong(1)                                 Interest of spouse                        543,695,233 (L)                    16.26%
                                                    Interest of controlled corporation         674,640,867(L)                    20.18%
  Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation
   (`Hong Kong)(2)                                  Beneficial owner                           674,640,867 (L)                   20.18%

Notes:

L – long position
S – short position

As at 31 December 2024, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 3,343,049,591 Shares.


(1)      By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen Chong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by his spouse, Ms. Yang Huiyan, whose interests
         are disclosed in the above section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying
         Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated Corporations”. On 26 August 2024, Mr. Chen Chong became the sole
         member of Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong). By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Chen Chong is deemed to be interested in the
         Shares held by Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong).

(2)      Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win entered into the Deed of Gift with Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) on 29 July 2023.
         Pursuant to the Deed of Gift, the Donor donated 674,640,867 Shares to Guoqiang Public Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong) for charitable
         purposes. Ms. Yang Huiyan and Concrete Win continue to control the voting rights of 674,640,867 shares held by Guoqiang Public
         Welfare Foundation (Hong Kong).


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Company had not been notified of any other person (other than
the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who was recorded in the register of the Company as having an interest
or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




            88       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Report of the Directors



SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
(a)   2020 Share Option Scheme

      On 28 September 2020, the 2020 Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Shareholders, which
      is for a term of 10 years from the date of its adoption and will expire on 27 September 2030 unless terminated in
      advance. On 9 July 2024, the 2024 Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Shareholders at a
      general meeting, and the Board resolved to terminate the 2020 Share Option Scheme. A summary of the principal
      terms of the 2020 Share Option Scheme is set out as follows:

      (i)     Purpose

              •    To motivate the eligible participants to work hard for the future development of the Group by providing
                   them with the opportunities for acquiring the Shares of the Company so as to promote the long-term
                   stable development of the Group;

              •    To provide incentives and/or rewards to eligible participants for their contribution to the Group; and

              •    To enhance the Group’s ability to attract and retain individuals with outstanding skills and extensive
                   experience.

      (ii)    Eligible participants

              •    any current employee, executive or officer of the Group;

              •    any Director (including non-executive Director and independent non-executive Director); or

              •    service providers, including any advisor, consultant or business partner of any member of the Group
                   whom the Board or its authorised person considers at its sole discretion has made or will make
                   contribution to the Group.

      (iii)   Total number of Shares which may be issued and its percentage of the Shares in issue as at the
              date of this annual report

              •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the 2020 Share Option Scheme will
                   be 82,780,000 Shares.

              •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued under the share options that may be granted
                   under the 2020 Share Option Scheme, and new and other existing share option schemes of the
                   Company shall not exceed 10% of the total number of issued Shares.

              •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding share options
                   granted and yet to be exercised under the 2020 Share Option Scheme and any other share option
                   schemes of the Company shall not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to
                   time.

              As the 2020 Share Option Scheme was terminated by the Board on 9 July 2024, no Shares were available
              for issue under the 2020 Share Option Scheme as at the date of this report.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024         89
Report of the Directors


   (iv)    Maximum entitlement to options of each eligible participant

           The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each eligible
           participant (including both exercised and outstanding options under the 2020 Share Option Scheme) in any
           12-month period must not exceed 1% of the issued Shares of the Company.

   (v)     Exercise period of options

           The period during which the grantees may exercise the options under the 2020 Share Option Scheme shall
           not exceed 5 years from the date of grant and is subject to the terms of the 2020 Share Option Scheme.

   (vi)    Payment on acceptance of option offer

           HK$1.00 is payable by each participant to the Company upon acceptance of the 2020 option offer as
           consideration for the grant within 30 days after the option offer is made by the Company.

   (vii) Basis for determining the exercise price

           The exercise price of the 2020 share options shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board, but in
           any case, at least the highest of the following:

           •    the closing price of the Shares on the date of grant (which must be a business day) as stated on the
                daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange;

           •    the average closing price of the Shares for the five business days before the date of grant as stated on
                the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange; and

           •    95% of the average closing price of the Shares for the ten business days before the date of grant as
                stated on the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange.

   (viii) Remaining life of the scheme

           The 2020 Share Option Scheme was valid for a period from 29 September 2020 to 9 July 2024. No further
           share options shall be granted under the 2020 Share Option Scheme after it was terminated on 9 July
           2024. However, the provisions of the 2020 Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in all
           other respects, and the options granted and not yet exercised shall remain valid and exercisable during the
           exercise period.

   (ix)    Vesting period

           Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer of the grant of options to a grantee,
           there is no minimum period required under the 2020 Share Option Scheme for the holding of an option
           before it can be exercised.

           On 28 September 2020, 23 March 2021 and 30 March 2022, the Company granted share options to a
           total of 73 eligible participants, including 65 participants who were employees (other than Directors) at the
           time of grant, 4 Directors and 4 service providers (the number of share options granted to one of the service
           providers exceeded 0.1% of the issued share capital of the Company at the adoption date). Some eligible
           participants who were granted share options on 30 March 2022 were also the eligible participants who were
           granted share options on 23 March 2021. The share options granted on 23 March 2021 were cancelled on
           30 March 2022.

           On 9 July 2024, the Board resolved to terminate the 2020 Share Option Scheme and cancel the 24,792,000
           outstanding options granted but not yet exercised under the 2020 Share Option Scheme.

          90    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                Report of the Directors


During the year ended 31 December 2024, details of movements in the share options under the 2020 Share
Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                      Options to subscribe for Shares
                   Outstanding                                                                    Outstanding    Exercise
                          as at            Granted       Exercised      Cancelled        Lapsed          as at   price per
  Category and name 1 January                during         during         during         During 31 December        Share
  of grantee              2024             the Year       the Year       the Year       the Year         2024        (HK$)   Date of grant Exercise period


  Directors
  Mr. Xu Binhuai             1,540,000            –               –      1,540,000             –            –       50.07    28.09.2020    Vesting date(1) –
                                                                                                                                             9 July 2024(9)
  Mr. Xiao Hua                 860,000            –               –       860,000              –            –       50.07    28.09.2020    Vesting date(1) –
                                                                                                                                             9 July 2024(9)
  Sub-total of Directors     2,400,000            –               –      2,400,000             –            –
  Employee                 23,319,000(4)          –               –     21,272,000      2,047,000           –       50.07    28.09.2020    Vesting date(2) –
    participants                                                                                                                             9 July 2024(9)
                             2,104,000            –               –      1,060,000      1,044,000           –       50.07    30.03.2022    Vesting date(3) –
                                                                                                                                             9 July 2024(9)
  Service providers             60,000            –               –         60,000             –            –       50.07    28.09.2020    Vesting date(1) –
                                                                                                                                             9 July 2024(9)
  Sub-total of eligible     25,483,000            –               –     22,392,000      3,091,000           –
    participants (other
    than Directors)
  Total                     27,883,000            –               –     24,792,000      3,091,000           –

Notes:

(1)       Subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, the vesting date shall be the date on which the auditor’s report of
          the Company for the relevant financial year is issued: (a) 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share
          options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31
          December 2020 is issued; (b) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the
          relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2021 is issued; and (c)
          30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date
          on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is issued.

(2)       Subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, the vesting date of the share options granted by the Company on 28
          September 2020 to a total of 61 other participants, including 57 employees (other than Directors) and 4 service providers*,
          to subscribe for 53,900,000 Shares shall be the date as set out in note (1), and the vesting date of the share options
          granted to 4 employees (other than Directors) to subscribe for the remaining 2,400,000 Shares shall be the date on which
          the auditor’s report of the Company for the relevant financial year is issued, which is (a) 40% of the total number of Shares
          granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial
          report for the year ended 31 December 2021 is issued; (b) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the
          share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31
          December 2022 is issued; and (c) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to
          the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2023 is issued.

          *        Service providers (all being consultants of the Company) represent persons who provide services to the Group on
                   a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which are in the interest of the long-term
                   growth of the Group. For the avoidance of doubt, service providers exclude placing agents or financial advisors
                   providing consulting services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions or professional services provider who provides
                   assurance services, or is required to perform services with impartiality and objectivity.



                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024               91
Report of the Directors


      (3)   Subject to the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, as at 30 March 2022, the Company granted share options to five
            employees (other than Directors) to subscribe for 3,240,000 Shares in total, of which the vesting date of share options
            granted to two grantees to subscribe for a total of 1,600,000 Shares shall be the date on which the auditor’s report of
            the Company for the relevant financial year is issued, (a) 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share
            options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31
            December 2021 is issued; (b) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the
            relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is issued; and (c)
            30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date
            on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2023 is issued. The vesting date of share options
            granted to the remaining three grantees to subscribe for a total of 1,640,000 Shares shall be the date on which the auditor’s
            report of the Company for the relevant financial year is issued, (a) 40% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to
            the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended
            31 December 2022 is issued; (b) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to
            the relevant grantees on the date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2023 is issued; and
            (c) 30% of the total number of Shares granted pursuant to the share options will be vested to the relevant grantees on the
            date on which the audited financial report for the year ended 31 December 2024 is issued. The reason for the vesting period
            of some share options being less than 12 months is that: the exercise price (i.e. exercise price of HKD72.40) of the same
            number of outstanding share options granted on 23 March 2021 (i.e. share options to subscribe for 1,600,000 Shares) no
            longer serves the purpose of providing incentives and rewards for promoting the grantees to contribute to the Group, and is
            not conducive to retaining existing grantees and make lasting contributions to the development of the Group. Accordingly,
            both the Remuneration Committee and the Board have resolved to cancel the outstanding share options under the 2020
            Share Option Scheme and grant an equal number of new share options to the existing grantees.

      (4)   Mr. Guo Zhanjun was redesignated from a director to an employee participant of the Company in April 2024.

      (5)   The expense of share options charged to profit or loss during the Year was approximately RMB-13.80 million (for the
            corresponding period in 2023: RMB-202.65 million), mainly due to the lapse of certain share options and cancellation of
            all share options during the Year which offsets the expense of share options provided in the previous period. The relevant
            accounting policy is described in Note 44.19 “Share-based payments” to this report.

      (6)   During the Year, no share options were exercised or vested by eligible participants, therefore the weighted average closing
            price of relevant Shares immediately preceding the date of exercise or vesting of share options was not applicable.

      (7)   As at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024, the number of share options available for grant under the 2020 Share Option
            Scheme to subscribe for the relevant Shares (including the share options lapsed according to the 2020 Share Option
            Scheme) was 34,636,000 and nil, respectively.

      (8)   During the Year, no share options were granted by the Company, therefore the total number of Shares which may be issued
            upon the exercise of the share options granted under the 2020 Share Option Scheme divided by the weighted average
            number of Shares (excluding treasury Shares) in issue during the Year is zero.

      (9)   On 9 July 2024, the Board resolved to terminate the 2020 Share Option Scheme and cancel the 24,792,000 outstanding
            options granted but not yet exercised under the 2020 Share Option Scheme.


      Save as disclosed above, no outstanding options had been exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the 2020
      Share Option Scheme during the reporting period.




    92      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Report of the Directors


(b)   2024 Share Option Scheme

      On 9 July 2024, the 2024 Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Shareholders and a Board
      meeting was held on 18 November 2024 to allow the use of treasury Shares for the grant of Shares to enable more
      flexibility. The 2024 Share Option Scheme is for a term of 10 years from the date of its adoption and will expire on 8
      July 2034. A summary of the principal terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme is set out as follows:

      (i)     Purpose

              •     To motivate the eligible participants to work hard for the Group’s future development by providing
                    them with an opportunity to acquire the Shares of the Company, thereby promoting long-term stable
                    development of the Group;

              •     To provide the eligible participants with incentives and/or rewards for their contributions to the Group;
                    and

              •     To enhance the Group’s ability to attract and retain individuals with outstanding skills and extensive
                    experience.

      (ii)    Eligible participants

              Eligible participants for the 2024 Share Option Scheme include the employee participants and the service
              providers.

      (iii)   Total number of Shares which may be issued and its percentage of the Shares in issue as at the
              date of this annual report

              •     The maximum number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the 2024 Share Option Scheme will
                    be 334,302,033 Shares, which shall not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue at the date
                    of the adoption of the 2024 Share Option Scheme (excluding treasury Shares).

              •     The maximum number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options to be granted under the
                    2024 Share Option Scheme to the service providers will be 66,860,406 Shares, which shall not exceed
                    2% of the total number of Shares in issue at the date of the adoption of the 2024 Share Option Scheme
                    (excluding treasury Shares).

              As at the date of this report, a total of 334,302,033 Shares, representing approximately 10% of the issued
              share capital (excluding treasury Shares) of the Company as at the date of this report, were available for issue
              under the 2024 Share Option Scheme, including those granted but not yet lapsed or exercised options which
              may subscribe for 224,150,000 Shares.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        93
Report of the Directors


   (iv)    Maximum entitlement to options of each eligible participant

           For any twelve (12)-month period up to and including the grant date, the aggregate number of Shares issued
           and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted to such eligible participant (excluding any
           options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant schemes) shall not in aggregate
           exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the grant date (excluding treasury Shares). Where the
           grant of options to such eligible participant (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the
           terms of the relevant scheme) would result in the number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise
           of all options granted and to be granted to such eligible participants in the twelve (12)-month period up to
           and including the grant date representing in aggregate in excess of 1% of the total number of Shares in issue
           as at the grant date (excluding treasury Shares), such grant of options shall be separately approved by the
           Shareholders in general meeting with such eligible participant and his close associates (or associates if the
           eligible participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

   (v)     Exercise period of options

           An option may (and may only) be exercised by the grantee at any time or times during the option period
           subject to any provisions for early termination contained in the 2024 Share Option Scheme. The option period
           shall not exceed the period of ten (10) years from the grant date and shall be determined by the Board in its
           absolute discretion to the grantee in the offer letter.

   (vi)    Vesting period of options

           The vest period of options shall be set by the Board at the time of grant, which shall be no less than twelve (12)
           months from the acceptance date. The options of eligible participants shall not have a shorter vesting period
           which is less than 12 months, unless a shorter vesting period is approved by the Remuneration Committee
           and the Board for the Shares granted to the specified eligible participant.

   (vii) Payment on acceptance of option offer

           An option shall be deemed to be granted and accepted by a grantee and become effective when the
           duplicate offer letter constituting acceptance of the option is duly signed by the grantee, together with a
           payment in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof, is received by
           the Company on or before the relevant acceptance date. Payment of consideration for the grant shall in no
           circumstances be refundable.

   (viii) Basis for determining the exercise price

           The exercise price shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board, but in any case, at least the higher
           of: (a) the closing price of the Shares on the date of grant (which must be a business day) as stated on the
           daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange; and (b) the average closing price of the Shares for the five
           (5) business days before the date of grant as stated on the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange;
           provided that in the event of fractional prices, the exercise price per Share shall be rounded upwards to the
           nearest whole cent.

   (ix)    Remaining life of the scheme

           The 2024 Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years commencing from
           the adoption date, after which period no further options will be offered or granted but the provisions of the
           2024 Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects with respect to options
           granted during the life of the 2024 Share Option Scheme.




          94    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                          Report of the Directors


During the year ended 31 December 2024, details of movements in the share options under the 2024 Share
Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                Options to subscribe for Shares
                   Outstanding                                                             Outstanding      Exercise
                          as at      Granted       Exercised      Cancelled        Lapsed         as at     price per
  Category and name 1 January          during         during         during         During 31 December         Share
  of grantee              2024       the Year       the Year       the Year       the Year        2024          (HK$)   Date of grant Exercise period


  Directors
  Mr. Xu Binhuai              –    12,000,000               –              –             –     12,000,000       5.01    22.07.2024    Vesting date(6) –
                                                                                                                                        21 July 2034
  Mr. Xiao Hua                –     5,000,000               –              –             –      5,000,000       5.01    22.07.2024    Vesting date(6) –
                                                                                                                                        21 July 2034
  Sub-total of Directors      –    17,000,000               –              –             –     17,000,000
  Employee                    –   208,350,000               –              –      1,200,000   207,150,000       5.01    22.07.2024    Vesting date(6) –
    participants (other                                                                                                                 21 July 2034
    than Directors)
  Total                       –   225,350,000               –              –      1,200,000   224,150,000

Notes:

(1)       The Company granted share options to eligible participants (all being employees of the Group) to subscribe for an aggregate
          of 225,350,000 Shares pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme on 22 July 2024. Although the vesting
          period for the first batch of share options under such grant is less than 12 months, the overall grant has a mixed schedule
          where the share options may vest over a period from 1 April 2025 to 1 April 2030 and each is attached with performance-
          based vesting conditions. These circumstances are specifically permitted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme for a shorter
          vesting period. The Board also considers that this is appropriate as part of the competitive terms and conditions to reward
          exceptional performers with accelerated vesting and to motivate exceptional performers based on performance metrics.
          With respect to the grants to the Directors, the Remuneration Committee is of the view that, in addition to the above and
          taking into account (i) the demonstrated contributions of the grantees to the overall operations, development and growth of
          the Group; and (ii) a majority of the share options are subject to a longer vesting period, which will ensure that the long-term
          interests of the grantees and the Company are aligned and the grantees will be motivated to contribute to the Company’s
          development, a shorter vesting period for the first batch of share options is appropriate.

(2)       The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of grant (22 July 2024) was HK$4.87 per Share, and the fair
          value of the Shares at the date of grant was approximately RMB531,422,817. The expense of share options charged to
          profit or loss during the Year was approximately RMB137.07 million (for the corresponding period in 2023: N/A), mainly due
          to the grant of share options and lapse of certain share options during the Year. The relevant accounting policy is described
          in Note 44.19 “Share-based payments” to this report.

(3)       During the Year, no share options were exercised or vested by eligible participants, therefore the weighted average closing
          price of relevant Shares immediately preceding the date of exercise or vesting of share options was not applicable.

(4)       As at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024, the number of share options available for grant under the 2024 Share
          Option Scheme to subscribe for the relevant Shares was nil and 110,152,033, respectively, and the number of share
          options available for grant under the service provider sublimit to subscribe for the relevant Shares was nil and 66,860,406,
          respectively.

(5)       All the eligible participants with options granted during the Year were the employees of the Group, who were not (i)
          participants with the Shares granted exceeding the 1% individual limit and (ii) related entity participants or service providers
          with the Shares granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue of the Company.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024               95
Report of the Directors


      (6)   The Company granted share options to eligible participants (all being employees of the Group) to subscribe for an aggregate
            of 225,350,000 Shares pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme on 22 July 2024. The vesting dates of
            these share options are as follows, and the vesting period is from 22 July 2024 to the relevant vesting date in below table:

              Batch                                           Percentage        Vesting dates


              The first batch of share options                       25%        1 April 2025 or 1 April 2026 (subject to the fulfillment of
                                                                                  vesting conditions, the same below)
              The second batch of share options                      20%        1 April 2026 or 1 April 2027
              The third batch of share options                       20%        1 April 2027 or 1 April 2028
              The fourth batch of share options                      20%        1 April 2028 or 1 April 2029
              The fifth batch of share options                       15%        1 April 2029 or 1 April 2030

            The share options granted as aforesaid will vest in the relevant grantees upon the satisfaction of the conditions relating to
            (a) the Company’s performance targets and (b) individual’s performance targets. With respect to the first batch of share
            options:

            The Company’s                The Group’s service power, brand power and development speed (the year-on-year growth
              performance targets        rate of the Company’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024#* as compared to the
                                         previous year) exceed the average year-on-year growth rate of the revenue for the same period
                                         of the top 20 listed peers which publish their audited annual results for 2023 no later than
                                         31 March 2024# in terms of revenue for the year ended 31 December 2023 other than the
                                         Company (the “Comparable Companies”) (the “2024# Target for Revenue Growth Rate”),
                                         and meanwhile, the profit of the Group’s core business for the year ended 31 December 2024#
                                         maintains steady. The Board will evaluate the development quality of the Group and determine
                                         the vesting results before the vesting date.

                                         In the event of failure to achieve the 2024# Target for Revenue Growth Rate, the evaluation may
                                         be extended for another year. In this event, the 2024# Target for Revenue Growth Rate shall be
                                         deemed to be achieved by the compound annual growth rate of the revenue of the Company
                                         for the year ending 31 December 2025+ exceeding the average compound annual growth rate
                                         of revenue of the Comparable Companies for the same period based on the revenue of the
                                         Company for the year ended 31 December 2023^, and with all other vesting conditions being
                                         achieved, such batch of share options can be vested to the relevant Grantees.

                                         #
                                                 For the second to fifth batches of share options, it shall be 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028,
                                                 respectively.

                                         *       The revenues of the Company and the Comparable Companies set out in the vesting
                                                 conditions represent the revenues shown in the audited consolidated financial
                                                 statements.

                                         ^
                                                 For the second to fifth batches of share options, it shall be 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027,
                                                 respectively.

                                         +       For the second to fifth batches of share options, it shall be 2026, 2027, 2028 and 2029,
                                                 respectively.

            Individual’s                 The relevant grantee having achieved the individual’s annual performance targets set by the
              performance targets        Company for the year ended 31 December 2024#, for e.g.: (a) financial performance of the
                                         business under the grantees’ responsibility (e.g., cash flow, revenue, profit, comprehensive
                                         collection rate); (b) operating performance of the business under the grantees’ responsibility (e.g.,
                                         product competitiveness, market penetration, operating efficiency and business health); and/or
                                         (c) mechanism construction, team growth, model innovation, learning and growth, etc. Specific
                                         targets are determined by the Company on an annual basis, with differentiated requirements
                                         tailored to different categories of grantees. For details, please refer to the Company’s
                                         announcement dated 22 July 2024.

                                         #
                                                 For the second to fifth batches of share options, it shall be 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028,
                                                 respectively.




    96      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                    Report of the Directors


              (7)   The total number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the share options granted under the 2024 Share
                    Option Scheme and 2020 Share Option Scheme divided by the weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury
                    Shares) in issue during the Year is 6.74%.

              Save as disclosed above, no outstanding options had been exercised, cancelled or lapsed under 2024 share
              option schemes during the reporting period.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME
On 18 November 2024, the Share Award Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board of the Company, for a term
of 10 years from the date of its adoption and will expire on 17 November 2034. A summary of the principal terms of the
Share Award Scheme is set out as follows:

(i)     Purpose

        The Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company with the following objectives: (i) to incentivize core talents
        who play an important role in the future operations and development of the Company; (ii) to reward selected
        participants for their contributions to the Company.

(ii)    Eligible participants

        The scope of the eligible participants includes:

        •     Directors and/or employees of the Group which holds certain key positions within the Group (i.e. selected
              employee participants);

        •     Other individuals who the Board believes provide services beneficial to the long-term development of the
              Group (i.e. service providers).

        The participants will be excluded from the scheme if they meet any of the following conditions, among others:

        •     No longer employed by the Group or the designated company by the Company or holding a key
              management position within the Group or providing services to the Group;

        •     Committing serious misconduct(s) such as fraud, dishonesty, gross negligence, bribery, corruption, theft,
              disclosure of commercial and technical secrets, or non-compliance with internal guidelines;

        •     Bankruptcy or inability to repay debts; and

        •     Other circumstances determined by the performance management working group.

(iii)   Total number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the scheme and its percentage of the Shares
        in issue as at the date of this annual report

        •     The maximum number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the Share Award Scheme must not
              exceed 109,000,000 Shares.

        •     As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares may be granted pursuant to the Share
              Award Scheme was 109,000,000 Shares (including Shares acquired but not yet granted), representing
              approximately 3.26% of issued share capital (excluding treasury Shares) of the Company as at the date of
              this report.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024          97
Report of the Directors


(iv)   Maximum entitlement to awarded share of each eligible participant

       The maximum number of awarded share may be granted to a selected participant pursuant to the Share Award
       Scheme must not exceed 33,430,000 Shares.

(v)    Exercise period of options pursuant to the Share Award Scheme by the grantee

       Not applicable

(vi)   Vesting period of the awarded shares

       The relevant selected participants shall complete the acceptance of awards prior to the vesting deadline indicated
       in the grant notice, failing which the award shall be forfeited in accordance with the terms of the Share Scheme
       Award.

(vii) Payment on acceptance of award

       The Board may determine the amount payable on acceptance of the award (if any) and the period within which
       payments must be or may be made (or loans for such purposes must be repaid).

(viii) Basis for determining the purchase price of awarded shares (if any)

       The grant price is determined by the Board and the performance management working group, taking into
       account factors such as the exercise price of options recently granted pursuant to the Company’s Share Option
       Scheme, the price at which the Company has purchased Shares through a trust, and the operating costs of the
       management plan.

(ix)   Remaining life of the scheme

       Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the scheme rules, the Share
       Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten (10) years commencing on the adoption date. The
       provisions of the scheme will remain fully effective and applicable to awards granted but not yet vested during the
       scheme period. The trust duration should be no less than the scheme period, starting from the establishment of the
       trust plan.

       From the date of adopting the Share Award Scheme to the date of this report, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
       Company established a trust within China as the settlor pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, and pursuant to the
       trust deed with the trustee (an independent third-party trust company), the trustee has purchased an aggregate of
       109,000,000 Shares through market transactions, using RMB through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
       and/or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanisms. On 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024, Shares
       that may be awarded pursuant to the Share Award Scheme were 0 Share and 109,000,000 Shares respectively.

       During the year ended 31 December 2024, no Shares was granted, vested or forfeited under the Share Award
       Scheme.

       As the source of the Shares that may be awarded does not include the issue of new Shares, the number of Shares
       that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the Year divided by the
       weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury Shares) in issue during the Year is not applicable.

       Save as disclosed above, no other share option scheme or share award scheme has been established by the
       Company.




          98      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Report of the Directors



EQUITY FUND-RAISING ACTIVITIES AND USES OF PROCEEDS
During the Year, the Company had not issued any equity securities (including the securities which can be converted into
equity securities) or sold any treasury Shares for cash. The proceeds from equity fund-raising activities of the Company
since listing have been fully utilized in the prior years. For details, please refer to the sections on “EQUITY FUND-
RAISING ACTIVITIES AND USES OF PROCEEDS” in the Company’s previous annual reports. The Company did not
conduct any sale of treasury Shares during the Year and in the previous financial years.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
contained in this annual report.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the Year, the Group was subject to a number of laws and regulations, mainly including the Company Law of the
PRC, the Civil Code of the PRC, the Property Management Regulations, the Price Law of the PRC, the Measures for
the Management of Property Service Charge, the Regulations on Property Management Service Fee with Clear Price
Tag, the Bid-Inviting and Bidding Law of the PRC, the Interim Measures for Bid-Inviting and Bidding Management of
Preliminary Property Management, the Environment Protection Law of the PRC, the Production Safety Law of the PRC,
the Fire Prevention Law of the PRC, the Regulations on the Administration of Security Services, the Special Equipment
Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Regulations on Safety Supervision of Special Equipment, Measures
for the Management of Special Maintenance of Residential Buildings, Administrative Measures of the Indoor Fitment and
Decoration, the Administrative Measures for Municipal Solid Waste, Administration of Urban Construction Garbage, Food
Safety Law of the PRC, Advertising Law of the PRC, the Administrative Measures for Real Estate Brokerage, the Labour
Law of the PRC, the Labour Contract Law of the PRC, the Implementation Regulations for the Labour Contract Law of
the PRC, the Social Security Law of the PRC and Administrative Regulation on Housing Provident Fund, etc.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s business had complied with the relevant laws and regulations in
all material respects and there were no material violations or contraventions of any laws and regulations applicable to the
Group which may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business or financial position as a whole.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the
date of this annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association and there is no restriction against such rights
under the laws of Cayman Islands.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES
In accordance with the rules of the new share award scheme and the terms and conditions of the trust deed adopted by
the Company on 18 November 2024, a designated subsidiary of the Company entrusted a trustee in 2024 to purchase
a total of 106,880,000 shares of the Company on the open market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
and/or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect at a total consideration (including transaction costs) of approximately
RMB545,443,000.

Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including treasury shares). As at 31 December
2024, the Company did not hold any treasury share.


                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024         99
Report of the Directors



AUDITOR
PwC has resigned as the auditor of the Company with effect from 21 October 2024. With the recommendation from the
audit committee, the Board has resolved to appoint Deloitte as the new auditor of the Company to fill the casual vacancy
following the resignation of PwC with effect from 21 October 2024 and to hold office until the conclusion of the next
annual general meeting of the Company. The Board will propose a resolution on the re-appointment of Deloitte as the
Company’s auditor for the ensuing year at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, there were no changes in the Company’s auditor in the three years prior to the reporting date.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION AND CONSULTING PROFESSIONAL TAX
ADVISERS
The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to any Shareholders as a result of holding the
securities of the Company. Shareholders are recommended to consult professional advisers if they are in any doubt as to
the tax implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in or the exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares
of the Company.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For the purposes of determining the eligibility of the Shareholders to attend, speak and vote at the 2025 AGM of the
Company, and the Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special dividend, the register of
members of the Company will be closed as appropriate as set out below:

(i)    For determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the 2025 AGM:

       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for                         At 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 19 May 2025
         registration with the Company’s
         Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office
       Record date                                                         Tuesday, 20 May 2025
       Closure of the register of members of the Company                   Tuesday, 20 May 2025 to Friday,
                                                                             23 May 2025 (both days inclusive)

(ii)   Subject to the passing of the proposal for distributing the final dividend and special dividend at the 2025 AGM, for
       determining the Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special dividend:

       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for                         At 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 3 June 2025
         registration with the Company’s
         Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office
       Closure of the register of members of the Company                   Wednesday, 4 June 2025 to Thursday,
                                                                             5 June 2025 (both days inclusive)
       Record date                                                         Thursday, 5 June 2025

For the purposes mentioned above, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates
must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office, Tricor Investor
Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong no later than the aforementioned
latest time.

For and on behalf of the Board
Xu Binhuai
President and Executive Director

Foshan, China, 27 March 2025


        100       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



To the Shareholders of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 107 to 209, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         101
Independent Auditor’s Report



Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Assessment of impairment of expected credit                  Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
losses (“ECL”) on trade receivables                          of trade receivables included:

We identified the expected credit losses of trade            •    Understanding the relevant control over the
receivables as a key audit matter due to the magnitude            management’s impairment assessment process of
of the balance of trade receivables complexity and                trade receivables;
significant judgements and estimates the Group makes
to measure the ECL, including those related to the           •    Assessed the appropriateness of the ECL
probability of default, loss given default and forward-           provisioning model and methodology adopted by
looking information.                                              management;

As disclosed in notes 4, 5 and 27 to the consolidated        •    Evaluated the rationality of management’s
financial statements, the Group adopts ECL model to               assumptions of expected cash flow distribution,
assess the impairment of trade receivables.                       expected credit losses rate and related probability
                                                                  weight under different scenarios for individual
For credit-impaired trade receivables, the Group                  assessment;
evaluated the distribution of expected cash flows under
multiple scenarios based on experience of historical         •    Challenged the reasonableness of the ECL rates
credit loss, business model, current situations and               adopted by management;
forecasts of future conditions of contract counterparties
under different scenarios, and made corresponding loss       •    Tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of aging
allowance according to expected credit loss rate and              report of trade receivables prepared by the Group;
the related probability weight under different scenarios.
ECL were recognised on an individual basis and loss          •    Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
allowances were made on an individual basis.                      calculation of the provision for loss allowance;

For non-credit impaired trade receivables, the Group         •    Evaluating the disclosures regarding the impairment
assessed the ECL of these trade receivables collectively          assessment of trade receivables measured
by grouping the debtors based on their shared credit              at amortised cost in notes 4, 5 and 27 to the
risk characteristics and aging periods, and based on the          consolidated financial statements.
assumptions about risk of default and expected credit
loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these
assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
of ECL calculation, based on the Group’s past history,
aging profile of the trade receivables, existing market
conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the
end of each reporting period.

As at 31 December 2024, the gross balance of trade
receivables amounted to RMB21,144,132,000 which
represented approximately 29.7% of the total assets
of the Group. The Group assessed the expected credit
losses of the trade receivables and RMB3,454,760,000
of loss allowance was made against the trade receivables
as at 31 December 2024.




      102      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report



Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Goodwill impairment assessment                                  Our procedures in relation to the goodwill impairment
                                                                assessment included:
We identified the goodwill impairment assessment
as a key audit matter due to the significance of the            •    Obtained an understanding of the Group’s
goodwill balance and the significant judgments and                   assessment process and relevant controls of
estimates made by the Group in the goodwill impairment               goodwill impairment and assessed the risk of
assessment process.                                                  material misstatement by considering the degree of
                                                                     estimation uncertainty, complexity, subjectivity and
As disclosed in notes 5 and 19 to the consolidated                   other inherent risk factors;
financial statements, as at 31 December 2024, the
Group had goodwill of RMB15,422,806,000 which                   •    Assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s
accounted for approximately 21.6% of the total assets                identification of the CGU and allocation of
of the Group. The Group has assessed the goodwill                    goodwill to meet HKFRSs requirements and our
impairment and impairment losses of goodwill amounting               understanding of the Group’s business;
to RMB990,000,000 was recognised for the year ended
31 December 2024.                                               •    Assessed the competency, capabilities and
                                                                     objectivity of the external valuer engaged by the
The Group assessed the impairment of goodwill, with                  Group;
the assistance from independent qualified valuer, by
determining the recoverable amounts of the cash                 •    Obtained management’s assessment on goodwill
generating-units (“CGU”) and group of CGUs based on                  impairment and assess the appropriateness of the
higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.        model and methodology adopted by management;

Significant judgments and estimates were involved in            •    Challenged and assessed the reasonableness
the goodwill impairment assessment. These significant                of the key assumptions used, including revenue
judgments and estimates include the adoption of                      growth rates, gross profit margins and EBITDA
appropriate model and methodology to perform goodwill                margins, terminal growth rate and discount in
impairment assessment.                                               the goodwill impairment assessment, with the
                                                                     assistance of our internal valuation specialist;
The recoverable amount of the goodwill is determined
based on fair value less costs of disposal or value-in-         •    Performed a retrospective review by comparing
use calculations (whichever is the higher). The value-in-            the prior year’s cash flow forecasts with the current
use calculation requires the Group to forecast the future            year’s results to assess the reliability and historical
cash flows expected to arise from the CGU based on                   accuracy of management’ s forecasting process;
the financial budgets approved by the Group. The use of
key assumptions in the value-in-use calculation primarily       •    Evaluated the reasonableness of the sensitivity
includes revenue growth rates, gross profit margins,                 analysis performed by management on the
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and                   key assumptions to understand the impact of
amortization (“EBITDA”) margins, terminal growth rate                reasonable changes in assumptions on the
and discount rates. The use of key assumptions in the fair           recoverable amount;
value calculation primarily includes price-to-earnings ratio
and discount for lack of marketability.                         •    Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                                     calculations of the goodwill impairment assessment,
                                                                     if any;

                                                                •    Evaluating the disclosures regarding the goodwill
                                                                     impairment assessment in note 19 to the
                                                                     consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         103
Independent Auditor’s Report



Other Matter
The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 were audited by another
auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements on 27 March 2024.

Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




       104       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
      omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
      exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
      financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
      the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
      the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
      a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
      of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial
      statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for the
      purpose of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits
of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Lam, Lawrence.


Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
27 March 2025
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024         105
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                    NOTES     RMB’000          RMB’000

 Revenue                                                              6      43,992,889      42,611,511
 Cost of providing services                                                 (33,482,191)    (32,602,076)
 Cost of sales of goods                                                      (2,110,091)      (1,277,488)

 Gross profit                                                                 8,400,607       8,731,947
 Selling and marketing expenses                                                (373,196)       (342,140)
 General and administrative expenses                                         (4,442,718)     (3,866,360)
 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets                  19        (990,000)     (1,475,999)
 Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets               9        (663,717)     (2,593,799)
 Other income                                                        7          254,413         477,363
 Other gains — net                                                   8          484,722         161,378

 Operating profit                                                            2,670,111       1,092,390
 Finance income                                                      11        217,255          271,998
 Finance costs                                                       11       (169,100)        (233,817)
 Finance income — net                                                11         48,155           38,181
 Share of results of investments accounted
    for using the equity method                                                 (11,560)        (50,921)

 Profit before income tax                                                    2,706,706       1,079,650
 Income tax expense                                                  12       (832,198)       (562,939)

 Profit for the year                                                 13      1,874,508         516,711

 Profit attributable to:
   — Owners of the Company                                                   1,808,357         292,335
   — Non-controlling interests                                                  66,151         224,376

                                                                             1,874,508         516,711

 Other comprehensive income
 Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
    — Currency translation differences                               30          (8,447)        (15,970)
 Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
    — Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                           30        113,397         173,446

 Total other comprehensive income for the year,
   net of income tax                                                           104,950         157,476

 Total comprehensive income for the year                                     1,979,458         674,187

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
   — Owners of the Company                                                   1,913,307         449,811
   — Non-controlling interests                                                  66,151         224,376

                                                                             1,979,458         674,187

 Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners
   of the Company (expressed in RMB cents per share)
   — Basic                                                           14          54.16             8.69
   — Diluted                                                         14          54.16             8.69


       106       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                             FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                    AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                  At 31 December
                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                    NOTES        RMB’000         RMB’000


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                        16         1,702,482         1,656,964
Other right-of-use assets                                            17           420,609           425,737
Investment properties                                                18         1,697,824         1,305,002
Intangible assets                                                    19        22,162,313        23,927,309
Investments accounted for using the equity method                    21           533,497           600,367
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    23           556,740         4,317,978
Contract assets                                                      24            73,320            71,405
Trade and other receivables                                          27           282,769           162,435
Deferred income tax assets                                           34         1,130,244           907,500
Time deposits                                                                     466,281                —


                                                                               29,026,079        33,374,697


Current assets
Inventories                                                          26           613,242           516,265
Other current assets                                                              344,020                —
Trade and other receivables                                          27        22,680,328        21,606,111
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                25           580,033           807,724
Contingent consideration receivables                                 25           298,508                —
Restricted bank deposits                                             28           560,016           302,090
Time deposits                                                                   1,815,080                —
Cash and cash equivalents                                            28        15,337,225        12,637,187


                                                                               42,228,452        35,869,377


Total assets                                                                   71,254,531        69,244,074




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024   107
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                                        At 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                    NOTES              RMB’000         RMB’000


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital and share premium                                     29            26,521,871        27,066,858
 Other reserves                                                      30               597,476           924,309
 Retained earnings                                                   31             9,497,683         8,164,706


                                                                                   36,617,030        36,155,873

 Non-controlling interests                                                             2,461,692      2,626,204


 Total equity                                                                      39,078,722        38,782,077


 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Bank and other borrowings                                           35                  518,125        840,751
 Lease liabilities                                                   17                1,726,309      1,353,427
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                     34                1,598,912      1,884,304


                                                                                       3,843,346      4,078,482


 Current liabilities
 Contract liabilities                                                6              8,245,315         7,591,490
 Trade and other payables                                            33            18,823,788        17,436,240
 Current income tax liabilities                                                       707,579           462,736
 Bank and other borrowings                                           35               352,131           728,797
 Lease liabilities                                                   17               203,650           164,252


                                                                                   28,332,463        26,383,515


 Total liabilities                                                                 32,175,809        30,461,997


 Total equity and liabilities                                                      71,254,531        69,244,074

The consolidated financial statements on pages 107 to 209 were approved by the board of directors on 27 March 2025
and were signed on its behalf.




                                   Xu Binhuai                               Xiao Hua
                                    Director                                Director




       108       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                  CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                   Share capital                                                           Non-
                                                                      and share          Other       Retained                        controlling
                                                                       premium        reserves       earnings            Total         interests    Total equity
                                                          Notes        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

    Balance at 1 January 2024                                        27,066,858        924,309       8,164,706        36,155,873      2,626,204      38,782,077
    Comprehensive income
    Profit for the year                                                      —              —        1,808,357         1,808,357         66,151       1,874,508
    Other comprehensive income                                               —         104,950              —            104,950             —          104,950

    Total comprehensive income for the year
       ended 31 December 2024                                                —         104,950       1,808,357         1,913,307         66,151       1,979,458

    Buy-back of shares                                     29(a)       (545,443)             —              —           (545,443)            —         (545,443)
    Consideration issue                                    29(b)            456              —              —                456             —              456
    Employee share schemes
        — value of employee services                        10               —         123,265              —           123,265              —          123,265
    Capital injection from non-controlling interests                         —              —               —                —           40,628          40,628
    Transactions with non-controlling interests*                             —         (45,574)             —           (45,574)        (92,500)       (138,074)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                             38               —              —               —                —           16,546          16,546
    Appropriation of statutory reserves                                      —          69,290         (69,290)              —               —               —
    Disposals of subsidiaries                               39               —              —               —                —          (27,620)        (27,620)
    Disposals of financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                          30               —        (578,764)        578,764                —              —               —
    Dividends                                                                —              —         (984,854)         (984,854)      (167,717)     (1,152,571)

                                                                       (544,987)      (431,783)       (475,380)       (1,452,150)      (230,663)     (1,682,813)

    Balance at 31 December 2024                                      26,521,871        597,476       9,497,683        36,617,030      2,461,692      39,078,722

    Balance at 1 January 2023                                        27,329,914        812,916       9,313,601        37,456,431      2,452,569      39,909,000
    Comprehensive income
    Profit for the year                                                      —              —         292,335           292,335         224,376          516,711
    Other comprehensive income                                               —         157,476             —            157,476              —           157,476

    Total comprehensive income for the year
       ended 31 December 2023                                                —         157,476        292,335           449,811         224,376          674,187

    Buy-back of shares                                     29(a)       (266,603)             —              —           (266,603)            —         (266,603)
    Consideration issue                                    29(b)          3,547              —              —              3,547             —            3,547
    Employee share schemes
        — value of employee services                        10               —        (202,649)             —           (202,649)            —         (202,649)
    Capital injection from non-controlling interests                         —               —              —                  —         11,845           11,845
    Transactions with non-controlling interests                              —          (29,523)            —             (29,523)       71,679           42,156
    Appropriation of statutory reserves                                      —         131,534        (131,534)                —             —                —
    Disposals of subsidiaries                               39               —               —              —                  —        (40,368)         (40,368)
    Disposals of financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                          30               —          54,555          (54,555)              —              —               —
    Dividends                                                                —              —       (1,255,141)       (1,255,141)       (93,897)     (1,349,038)

                                                                       (263,056)        (46,083)    (1,441,230)       (1,750,369)       (50,741)     (1,801,110)

    Balance at 31 December 2023                                      27,066,858        924,309       8,164,706        36,155,873      2,626,204      38,782,077

*         This mainly consists of the acquisition of the additional 7.5% equity interest of the subsidiary, Fujian Dongfei Environment Group Co., Ltd.
          (福建東飛環境集團有限公司) (“Fujian Dongfei”), from the non-controlling interest, which was settled by the contingent consideration
          receivable.




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024              109
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                      NOTES     RMB’000          RMB’000

 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                       36(a)     4,919,355       6,242,833
 Income tax paid                                                               (1,046,256)     (1,628,042)

 Net cash generated from operating activities                                  3,873,099       4,614,791

 Cash flows from investing activities
 Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired        38         19,342               —
 Settlement of outstanding considerations payable for
    business combinations in prior years                                               —         (329,585)
 Proceeds from contingent consideration for business
    combinations in prior years                                                      465               —
 Net cash inflow/(outflow) from disposals of subsidiaries              39         48,626          (28,750)
 Dividends received from investment accounted for
    using the equity method                                            21          8,375            8,227
 Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                          7         76,017         166,944
 Payments for investments accounted for using
    the equity method                                                             (10,411)         (14,700)
 Payments for property, plant and equipment                            16        (610,291)       (690,113)
 Payments for intangible assets                                                  (136,540)       (250,577)
 Payments for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     4      (3,052,900)     (2,526,000)
 Payments for time deposits                                                    (2,281,361)              —
 Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, and
    investment properties                                             36(c)      244,100         101,501
 Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets                          19          5,226             546
 Proceeds from disposals of investments accounted for
    using the equity method                                                       39,932               —
 Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss                                                      4      3,262,297       2,584,572
 Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                 3,856,644          51,834
 Repayment of loans from third parties                                                —          300,000
 Interest received                                                     11        217,255         271,998

 Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                        1,686,776         (354,103)

 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                         36(d)            337,569         826,470
 Purchase shares for the share award scheme/buy-back of shares   29(a)           (545,443)       (266,603)
 Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                  40,628           11,845
 Transactions with non-controlling interests                                      (12,211)         (26,498)
 Principal elements of lease payments                                            (210,589)       (244,364)
 Repayments of bank and other borrowings                         36(d)         (1,088,843)     (1,510,487)
 Interest paid on leases                                                          (86,170)       (132,277)
 Interest paid on bank and other borrowings                    11, 36(d)          (75,111)         (92,056)
 Dividends paid to owners of the Company                          15             (984,854)     (1,255,141)
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     (197,432)       (105,201)

 Net cash used in financing activities                                         (2,822,456)     (2,794,312)

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     2,737,419       1,466,376
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                           12,637,187      11,215,770
 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                   (37,381)         (44,959)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                 15,337,225      12,637,187


       110       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

1. General information
   Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on
   24 January 2018 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (Cap. 22, Law 3 of 1961 as
   consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.

   The address of the Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman,
   KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

   The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally
   engaged in provision of property management services, community value-added services, value-added services
   to non-property owners, heat supply services, city services and commercial operational services in the People’s
   Republic of China (the “PRC”).

   The Company’s shares (the “Shares”) are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
   Exchange”).

   These consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”),
   unless otherwise stated. RMB is also the functional currency of the Company. These consolidated financial
   statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors of the Company on 27 March 2025.

2. Application of new and amendments to Hong Kong financial reporting
   standards (“HKFRSs”)
   Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

   In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute
   of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual
   period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

   Amendments to HKFRS 16                       Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
   Amendments to HKAS 1                         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
                                                  amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
   Amendments to HKAS 1                         Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
   Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7             Supplier Finance Arrangements

   The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s
   financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
   consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




2. Application of new and amendments to Hong Kong financial reporting
   standards (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)
    New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

    The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not
    yet effective:

    Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                      Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                             Financial Instruments3
    Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                      Contracts Referencing Nature- dependent Electricity3

    Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                             its Associate or Joint Venture1
    Amendments to HKFRS                                    Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards —
                                                             Volume 113
    Amendments to HKAS 21                                  Lack of Exchangeability2
    HKFRS 18                                               Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4
    1
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
    2
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
    3
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
    4
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.

    Except for the new and amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
    the application of all other amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial
    statements in the foreseeable future.

    HKFRS 18 presentation and disclosure in financial statements

    HKFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”, which sets out requirements on presentation and
    disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”. This new HKFRS
    Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements
    to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on
    management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
    disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs
    have been moved to HKAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and HKFRS
    7 “Financial Instrument: Disclosures”. Minor amendments to HKAS 7 “Statement of Cash Flows” and HKAS 33
    “Earnings per Share” are also made.

    HKFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
    2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation
    of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process of
    assessing the detailed impact of HKFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

3. Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA.
    For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such
    information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated
    financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
    Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

    The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable
    expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable
    future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial
    statements.



        112       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies

         The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: mainly credit risk, liquidity risk and market
         risk (including foreign exchange risk and cash flow and fair value interest rate risk). The Group’s overall risk
         management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
         adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

         4.1.1 Credit risk

               Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
               resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade
               and other receivables, contract assets, restricted bank deposits, time deposits and bank balances.
               The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, contract assets, restricted bank deposits, time
               deposits and bank balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to
               financial assets.

               The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.
               Information about the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related
               impairment assessment, if applicable, are summarised as below:

               The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment under the ECL model comprises the following
               categories:

                                                                                             Financial assets except
                Internal                                                                     trade receivables and
                credit rating Description                                                    contract assets


                Low risk        The counterparty has a low risk of default and does not      12-month ECL
                                  have any past-due amounts

                Watch list      Debtor frequently repays after due dates but casually        12-month ECL
                                  settle in full

                Doubtful        There have been significant increases in credit risk since   Lifetime ECL
                                  initial recognition through information developed             — not credit-impaired
                                  internally or external resources

                Loss            There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired    Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                — credit-impaired

                Write-off       There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe    Amount is written off
                                  financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic
                                  prospect of recovery




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024        113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
    4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

          4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

               Financial assets at Fair Value Though Profit or Loss (“FVPL”)

               The Group invests in wealth management products and funds issued by banks. The credit risk of
               these financial assets are regularly reviews and monitors by the Group. Details of the terms of these
               investments are disclosed in note 25. Summary of the fair value and principal amount of these financial
               assets are set out below.

                                                                     2024                            2023
                                                            Fair value         Principal    Fair value       Principal
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

                 Wealth management products                   580,033           530,000      602,323         570,000
                 Investment fund                                   —                 —       205,401         282,184


                                                              580,033           530,000      807,724         852,184


                 Contingent consideration receivables         298,508               N/A            —              N/A

               Restricted bank deposits, time deposits and bank balances

               The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with restricted bank deposits, time
               deposits and bank balances since they are substantially deposited at state-owned banks and other
               medium or large-sized banks. Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses
               from non-performance by these counterparties.

               Trade receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers

               For trade receivables and contract assets, apart from credit-impaired receivables (including those
               property developers faced with liquidity pressures), the Group has large number of customers and there
               was no concentration of credit risk. The Group has monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
               action is taken to recover overdue debts.

               In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on credit-impaired trade
               receivables individually. Except for the credit-impaired trade debtors, which are assessed for impairment
               individually, the remaining trade receivables and contract assets are grouped based on shared credit
               risk characteristics by reference to the aging of outstanding balances.

               The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk
               characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore
               concluded that the expected loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss
               rates for the contract assets.

               The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL on non-credit impaired trade receivables
               and contract assets prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss
               provision for trade receivables and contract assets.



     114       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

              Trade receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers (Continued)

              The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets,
              which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                                  Gross carrying
                                                                            12m or                                   amount
                                                                            lifetime ECL                           2024          2023
                                               Notes                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000

                Trade receivables                 27         (Note 1)       Lifetime ECL—                      17,462,704        15,104,331
                                                                               not credit-impaired
                                                                               (collective assessment)

                                                             (Note 2)       Lifetime ECL —                      3,681,428         4,406,854
                                                                               credit-impaired

                                                                                                               21,144,132        19,511,185

                Contact assets                    24         (Note 3)       Lifetime ECL—                          73,320             71,405
                                                                               not credit-impaired
                                                                               (collective assessment)

              Notes:

              (1)      The expected loss rates for the non-credit impaired trade receivables are based on the payment profiles of sales
                       over a period of 5 years before 31 December 2024 (2023: 5 years) and the corresponding historical credit losses
                       experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information
                       on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has identified
                       China consumer price Index and unemployment rates to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the
                       historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.

                       The loss allowance provision for non-credit impaired trade receivables was determined as follows:

                                                                    Up to      1 to 2      2 to 3    3 to 4      4 to 5      Over 5
                                                                   1 year      years       years     years       years        years        Total


                        Trade receivables
                        At 31 December 2024
                        Expected loss rate                          0.9%        4.4%       17.7%     37.0%       51.9%      100.0%
                        Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)        11,334,376   3,526,093   1,721,666   559,443     219,322     101,804   17,462,704
                        Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)        100,713     153,459     304,728   206,853     113,721     101,804      981,278

                                                                   Up to       1 to 2      2 to 3     3 to 4      4 to 5     Over 5
                                                                   1 year      years       years      years       years       years        Total


                        Trade receivables
                        At 31 December 2023
                        Expected loss rate                          0.5%        3.2%      16.2%      36.0%       50.6%        100%
                        Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)        10,946,894   3,263,342    559,911    228,725      64,834      40,625   15,104,331
                        Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)         57,805     102,993     90,703     82,445      32,811      40,625      407,382




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024            115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
    4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

          4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

               Trade receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers (Continued)

               Notes: (Continued)

               (2)   For credit impaired trade receivables, at 31 December 2024, management of the Group evaluated the distribution
                     of expected cash flows under multiple scenarios based on historical credit loss experience, business model,
                     current situations and forecasts of future conditions of contract counterparties under different scenarios, and
                     made corresponding allowances according to expected credit losses rate and the related probability weight under
                     different scenarios. For credit impaired trade receivables, allowances amounting to RMB2,473,482,000 (2023:
                     RMB2,725,301,000), of which RMB1,886,053,000 (2023: RMB2,198,613,000) were made against the gross
                     amounts of trade receivables from related parties and RMB587,429,000 (2023: RMB526,688,000) were made
                     against third-party customers, respectively.

               (3)   As at 31 December 2024, the Group has assessed that the ECL for contract assets was immaterial and therefore, no
                     ECL for contract assets was recognised as at 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: nil).


               The loss allowance provision for trade receivables reconciles to the opening loss allowance for that
               provision as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                    2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000

                 At 1 January                                                                  3,132,683                 597,998
                 Provision for loss allowance recognised in profit or loss
                    (net of reversal)                                                             525,783              2,707,741
                 Receivables written off as uncollectable                                        (203,706)              (173,056)


                 At 31 December                                                                3,454,760               3,132,683

               As at 31 December 2024, the gross carrying amount of trade receivables was RMB21,144,132,000
               (2023: RMB19,511,185,000) and thus the maximum exposure to loss was RMB17,689,372,000 (2023:
               RMB16,378,502,000).

               The Group writes off a trade receivables or contract assets when there is information indicating that the
               debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.




     116       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

              Other receivables

              For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the
              recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past experience,
              and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking
              information.

              The credit risks of other receivables are managed through an internal process. The credit quality of each
              counterparty is investigated before credit is granted. The Group also actively monitors the outstanding
              amounts owed by each debtor and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to reduce the
              risk of a credit related loss. The Group reviews the recoverable amount of these receivables at the end
              of each reporting period. Details of the quantitative disclosures of ECL on other receivables are set out
              below in this note.

              Other receivables (excluding prepayments) mainly included payments on behalf of property owners,
              deposits, loans to third parties pledged by equities, receivables from finance leases and others.

              The following table presents the credit risk exposure of other receivables (excluding prepayments).
              Without considering guarantee or any other credit enhancement measures, the maximum credit risk
              exposure of other receivables (excluding prepayments) is presented as the gross carrying amount.

                                                         At 31 December 2024                       At 31 December 2023
                                                     Gross                      Loss          Gross                         Loss
                                                   carrying     Expected allowance          carrying      Expected     allowance
                                                   amount        loss rate  provision       amount         loss rate    provision
                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000        RMB’000                     RMB’000

                Stage 1 (See note 44.9)
                Deposits                           505,457         1.3%         6,584       486,340          0.8%          3,918
                Payments on behalf of
                  property owner                   962,054         0.8%         7,748       913,437          0.6%          5,039
                Loans to third parties pledged
                  by equities                       85,849         3.8%        3,297         84,011          0.3%            280
                Receivables from finance leases    339,686            —           —         228,751             —             —
                Others                             807,730         1.9%       15,602        859,323          0.6%          5,391

                                                  2,700,776                   33,231      2,571,862                       14,628

                Stage 3 (See note 44.9)
                Loans to third parties pledged
                  by equities                     1,100,000      25.9%       284,801      1,100,000         18.7%        205,507
                Others                              180,457          —            —         353,437             —             —

                                                  1,280,457                  284,801      1,453,437                      205,507

                                                  3,981,233                  318,032      4,025,299                      220,135




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024          117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
    4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

          4.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)

               Other receivables (Continued)

               The loss allowance provision for other receivables (excluding prepayments) reconciles to the opening
               loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                           2024                 2023
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

                 At 1 January                                                            220,135              334,077
                 Provision for loss allowance recognised/(reversed)
                   in profit or loss                                                       97,897             (113,942)


                 At 31 December                                                          318,032              220,135

               As at 31 December 2024, the gross carrying amount of other receivables (excluding prepayments)
               was RMB3,981,233,000 (2023: RMB4,025,299,000) and thus the maximum exposure to loss was
               RMB3,663,201,000 (2023: RMB3,805,164,000).

               Financial guarantee contracts

               At the end of the reporting period, the management has performed impairment assessment on the
               financial guarantee contract issued by a subsidiary of the Group prior to the business acquisition of this
               subsidiary, and concluded that the financial guarantee was defaulted. Accordingly, the loss allowance
               for this financial guarantee contract is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. Details of the
               financial guarantee contracts are set out in this note and note 43.




     118       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         4.1.2 Liquidity risk

              To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
              deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
              fluctuations in cash flows.

              The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on
              the remaining period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
              contractual undiscounted cash flows and include interest, if applicable.

                                                     Weighted      On demand                                                         Total
                                                       average     or less than                                     Over 5   undiscounted           Carrying
                                                  interest rate          1 year   1 to 2 years    2 to 5 years       years       cashflow            amount
                                                             %        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000


                At 31 December 2024
                Trade and other payables
                   (excluding payroll payables,
                   contingent considerations
                   for business combinations
                   and other taxes payables)               N/A      14,655,457             —               —            —      14,655,457       14,655,457
                Lease liabilities                           4.5        323,345        283,105         688,698    1,315,751      2,610,899        1,929,959
                Bank and other borrowings                   4.3        371,260         57,305         102,546      542,485      1,073,596          870,256


                Total                                               15,350,062        340,410         791,244    1,858,236     18,339,952       17,455,672

                                                      Weighted     On demand                                                          Total
                                                       average     or less than                                     Over 5    undiscounted           Carrying
                                                   interest rate         1 year   1 to 2 years    2 to 5 years       years        cashflow           amount
                                                              %      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000


                At 31 December 2023
                Trade and other payables
                   (excluding payroll payables,
                   contingent considerations
                   for business combinations
                   and other taxes payables)               N/A      13,246,030             —               —            —      13,246,030       13,246,030
                Lease liabilities                          4.5         237,538        206,724         549,688    1,071,233      2,065,183        1,517,679
                Bank and other borrowings                  4.6         786,996         92,996         340,798      467,574      1,688,364        1,569,548


                Total                                               14,270,564        299,720         890,486    1,538,807     16,999,577       16,333,257




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024                119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
    4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

          4.1.2 Liquidity risk (Continued)

               Regarding to the financial guarantee contracts, the maximum amounts that the Group could be
               required to settle under the arrangement for the full guaranteed amount are RMB1,104,676,000 and
               RMB934,500,000 for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively, if that amount
               is claimed by the counterparty to the guarantee. Based on the ECL assessment of the Group, at
               31 December 2024, the loss allowance for the financial guarantee contract issued by the Group is
               measured at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL of RMB46,635,000 (2023: RMB6,598,000). Details of
               the financial guarantee contracts are set out in this note and note 43.

          4.1.3 Foreign exchange risk

               The Group’s businesses are principally conducted in RMB. The majority of its assets is denominated
               in RMB. The majority of its non-RMB assets are bank deposits denominated in Hong Kong Dollar
               (“HKD”) and United States Dollar (“USD”). The Group is subject to foreign exchange risk arising from
               future commercial transactions and recognised assets which are denominated in non-RMB and net
               investment in foreign operations.

               The aggregated carrying amount of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets of the Group at
               the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                               31 December          31 December
                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Assets
                 HKD                                                                 172,271             195,269
                 USD                                                               4,047,074              24,083
                 Other currencies                                                    126,018             104,784

                                                                                   4,345,363             324,136

               Sensitivity analysis

               The following table shows the sensitivity analysis of a 5% change in RMB against the HKD and USD,
               respectively. The sensitivity analysis includes only foreign currency denominated monetary items
               and adjusts their translation at the year-end for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. Should RMB
               strengthened/weakened by 5% against the HKD and USD, the effects on the post-tax profit or loss for
               the year would be as follows:

                                                                                  Change of profit or loss
                                                                                   (decrease)/increase
                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

                 RMB against HKD:
                 Strengthened by 5%                                                    (6,460)             (7,323)
                 Weakened by 5%                                                         6,460               7,323

                 RMB against USD:
                 Strengthened by 5%                                                 (151,765)                (903)
                 Weakened by 5%                                                      151,765                  903



     120       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.1   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         4.1.4 Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

              The Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly attributable to its borrowings (note 35) and
              lease liabilities (note 17). Borrowings carried at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest-
              rate risk whereas those borrowings and lease liabilities carried at fixed rates expose the Group to fair
              value interest-rate risk.

              The Group currently does not use any interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk.
              However, the Group will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

              The exposure of the Group’s borrowings (note 35) and lease liabilities (note 17) to interest rate changes
              and the contractual re-pricing dates of the borrowings and lease liabilities at the end of the reporting
              period are as follows:

                                                                   2024                            2023
                                                                        % of total                         % of total
                                                          RMB’000      borrowings          RMB’000        borrowings

               Variable rate borrowings                    361,814             42%          368,352             23%
               Fixed rate borrowings                       508,442             58%        1,201,196             77%


                                                           870,256            100%        1,569,548             100%


               Lease liabilities                         1,929,959                        1,517,679

              Sensitivity analysis

              The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
              end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at
              the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year.

              As at 31 December 2024, borrowings of the Group which were bearing at floating rates amounted to
              approximately RMB361,814,000 (2023: RMB368,352,000). As at 31 December 2024, if the interest
              rates had been 50 basis point higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s
              post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 would have been approximately RMB1,357,000
              (2023: RMB1,381,000) lower/higher.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024        121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
    4.2   Capital risk management

          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
          concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
          optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from
          prior year.

          In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
          shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

          The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
          total capital. Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital
          is calculated as ‘equity’ as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position plus net debt.

          As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group has a net cash position.

    4.3   Fair value estimation

          Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In
          estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments
          with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group assesses their fair value or engages third party
          qualified valuers to perform the valuation.

          (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair
                value on a recurring basis

                Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of
                each reporting period. The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value,
                by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as
                follows:

                •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

                •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                      either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

                •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                      inputs) (level 3).




     122        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

         (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair
               value on a recurring basis (Continued)

               Fair value hierarchy

                                                           Level 1     Level 2      Level 3         Total
                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

                At 31 December 2024
                Financial assets
                Financial assets at FVPL
                   (include contingent consideration
                   receivable)                                  —            —       878,541        878,541
                Financial assets at FVOCI                   14,053           —       542,687        556,740


                Total financial assets                      14,053           —     1,421,228      1,435,281


                Financial liabilities
                Financial liabilities at FVPL (note 33)         —            —       118,235        118,235

                                                           Level 1      Level 2      Level 3         Total
                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

                At 31 December 2023
                Financial assets
                Financial assets at FVPL                        —            —       807,724        807,724
                Financial assets at FVOCI                   15,573           —     4,302,405      4,317,978


                Total financial assets                      15,573           —     5,110,129      5,125,702


                Financial liabilities
                Financial liabilities at FVPL (note 33)         —            —       214,683        214,683




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024    123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
    4.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

          (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair
                value on a recurring basis (Continued)

                Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value

                The following table summarises the quantitative information about valuation techniques and inputs
                (including the significant unobservable inputs used in level 3) used in fair value measurements of
                financial assets at FVOCI and financial assets at FVPL:

                                                                         Valuation                                Relationship of
                                                     Fair value at       technique(s)                             unobservable inputs to
                  Financial assets             31/12/2024     31/12/2023 and key inputs (s)                       fair value
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

                  Listed equity                    14,053         15,573 Quoted price in an active market         N/A
                     securities

                  Unlisted equity securities      542,687      4,302,405 Price-to-earning ratio                   The higher the price-to-
                                                                                                                    earnings ratio, the higher
                                                                                                                    the fair value

                                                                            Price-to-sales ratio                  The higher the price-to-
                                                                                                                    sales ratio, the higher the
                                                                                                                    fair value

                  Wealth management               580,033       602,323 Quoted value from financial institutions The higher the expected
                   products                                              based on expected return with             return, the higher the fair
                                                                         reference to underlying investment        value

                  Investment fund                      —        205,401 Quoted value from financial institutions N/A
                                                                         based on expected return with
                                                                         reference to underlying investment

                  Contingent consideration        298,508             — The fair value of contingent              The better the financial
                    receivables                                           consideration is determined by            performance of the
                                                                          reference to the considerations           subsidiaries, the lower
                                                                          as stipulated in the equity transfer      the fair value
                                                                          agreements and the expected
                                                                          financial performance of the
                                                                          subsidiaries

                  Contingent consideration       (118,235)      (214,683)                                         The better the financial
                    payables                                                                                        performance of the
                                                                                                                    subsidiaries, the higher
                                                                                                                    the fair value

                The financial assets/liabilities subsequently measured at fair value on Level 3 fair value measurement
                represent contingent consideration receivables/payables relating to the various business combination in
                prior years, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2024, net gain of RMB531,876,000 (2023:
                nil) relating to the contingent consideration receivables/payables has been recognised in profit or loss.



     124        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




4. Financial risk and capital risk management (Continued)
   4.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

         (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                 The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                        Financial
                                                                        assets at
                                                                            FVPL
                                                                         (include
                                                                      contingent            Financial
                                                                    consideration           assets at
                                                                     receivables)              FVOCI
                                                                        (note 25)           (note 23)           Total
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000


                  Balance at 1 January 2023                                862,822          4,122,385         4,985,207
                  Additions                                              2,526,000                  —         2,526,000
                  Disposals                                             (2,584,572)            (32,026)      (2,616,598)
                  Fair value changes                                         3,474            212,046           215,520


                  Balance at 31 December 2023                              807,724          4,302,405         5,110,129
                  Additions                                              3,052,900                 —          3,052,900
                  Disposals                                             (3,262,297)        (3,856,644)       (7,118,941)
                  Fair value changes                                       280,214             96,926           377,140


                  Balance at 31 December 2024                              878,541            542,687        1,421,228

                 There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year.

         (iii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
                 value on a recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

                 The Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in
                 the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024      125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




5. Key sources of estimation uncertainty
    In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the management of the Company are required to make
    judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
    apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
    other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
    are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
    of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

    Key sources of estimation uncertainty

    The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
    end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
    assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

    (a)   Expected credit losses on receivables

          The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss
          rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
          calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates
          at the end of each reporting period. Specifically,

          —     for credit-impaired trade receivables, the Group evaluated the distribution of expected cash flows under
                multiple scenarios based on experience of historical credit loss, business model, current situations
                and forecasts of future conditions of contract counterparties under different scenarios, and made
                corresponding loss allowance according to expected credit loss rate and the related probability weight
                under different scenarios. ECL were recognised on an individual basis and loss allowances were made
                on an individual basis.

          —     for non-credit impaired trade receivables, the Group assessed the ECL of these trade receivables
                collectively by grouping the debtors’ based on their shared credit risk characteristics and aging periods,
                and based on the assumptions about risk of default and expected credit loss rates. The Group used
                judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment of ECL calculation,
                based on the Group’s past history, aging profile of the trade receivables, existing market conditions as
                well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.

          As at 31 December 2024, the aggregate carrying amount of trade receivables was RMB17,689,372,000
          (2023: RMB16,378,502,000), after taking into account accumulated impairment losses of RMB3,454,760,000
          (2023: RMB3,132,683,000).

    (b)   Goodwill impairment assessment

          For the purposes of goodwill impairment assessment, management assessed the impairment of goodwill
          by determining the recoverable amounts of the CGU based on higher of net amount of fair value less costs
          of disposal (“FVLCOD”) and value in use. The goodwill impairment assessment calculations use cash flow
          projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period. Significant
          judgments and estimates were involved in the goodwill impairment assessment. These significant judgments
          and estimates include the adoption of appropriate valuation model and methodology and the use of key
          assumptions in the valuation, which primarily include revenue growth rates, gross profit margins, EBITDA
          margins, terminal growth rate and discount rates. The use of key assumptions in the fair value calculation
          primarily includes price-to-earnings ratio, discount for lack of marketability. See note 19 for more details.


     126       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information
   Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief operating
   decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of
   the operating segment, has been identified as the executive Directors of the Company.

   The Group was principally engaged in the provision of property management services, community value-
   added services, value-added services to non-property owners, water, electricity and heat supplies and property
   management services under the state-owned enterprises separation and reform program (hereinafter referred to as
   “Three Supplies and Property Management”), city services and commercial operational services in the PRC.

   The CODM of the Company regarded that there were four operating segments which were used to make strategic
   decisions:

   —    Property management and related services other than Three Supplies and Property Management businesses,
        which include property management services, community value-added services and value-added services to
        non-property owners;

   —    Three Supplies and Property Management businesses;

   —    City services business, which include sanitation, cleaning and sewage and waste treatment business; and

   —    Commercial operational services business.

   The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of operating profit,
   adjusted by excluding realised and unrealised gains from financial assets at FVPL, and including share of results of
   investments accounted for using the equity method.

   Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, other right-of-use assets, investment
   properties, intangible assets, investments accounted for using the equity method, contract assets, inventories,
   receivables, and operating cash. They exclude deferred income tax assets, financial assets at FVOCI and financial
   assets at FVPL (exclude the contingent consideration receivables). Segment liabilities consist primarily of operating
   liabilities. They exclude current and deferred income tax liabilities and bank and other borrowings.

   Capital expenditure comprises additions to property, plant and equipment, other right-of-use assets, investment
   properties and intangible assets, excluding those arising from business combinations.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024        127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
    Revenue mainly comprises of proceeds from provision of property management services, community value-
    added services, value-added services to non-property owners, heat supply services, city services and commercial
    operational services. An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
    2023 was as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Revenue from property management and related services other
      than Three Supplies and Property Management businesses
      — Property management services                                               25,910,364          24,698,514
      — Community value-added services                                              4,194,290           3,752,870
      — Value-added services to non-property owners                                   704,470           1,553,399
      — Other services                                                                232,910             190,490


                                                                                   31,042,034          30,195,273


     Revenue from Three Supplies and Property Management
      businesses
      — Property management and other related services                              6,539,290           4,992,205
      — Heat supply services                                                        1,616,953           1,527,985


                                                                                    8,156,243           6,520,190


     Revenue from city services business                                            4,167,620           4,883,630


     Revenue from commercial operational services business                            626,992           1,012,418


                                                                                   43,992,889          42,611,511

    The Group has a large number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue
    during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

    Sales between segments are carried out on terms agreed upon by the respective segments’ management.

    Nearly 100% of the Group’s revenue is attributable to the markets in Mainland China and nearly 100% of the
    Group’s non-current assets are located in Mainland China. No geographical information is therefore presented.

    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately
    8.2% (2023: 10.8%) of the total revenue while the largest customer of the Group accounted for approximately 6.6%
    (2023: 6.8%) of the total revenue.

    As at 31 December 2024, the five largest customers mentioned above of the Group accounted for approximately
    17.2% (2023: 18.2%) of the total trade receivables while the largest customer mentioned above of the Group
    accounted for approximately 2.6% (2023: 14.1%) of the total trade receivables.




     128      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   (a)   Contract liabilities

         The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:


                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000

           Contract liabilities
           Property management services                                                  6,691,330         6,119,206
           Community value-added services                                                  435,230           440,569
           Value-added services to non-property owners                                     110,108            65,084
           Three Supplies and Property Management
             — Property management and other related services                              226,141           170,376
             — Heat supply services                                                        636,948           647,074
           City services                                                                    14,089            19,697
           Commercial operational services                                                 131,469           129,484


                                                                                         8,245,315         7,591,490

         (i)    Significant changes in contract liabilities

                Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while the
                underlying services are yet to be provided. Such liabilities increased as a result of the growth of the
                Group’s business during the year.

         (ii)   Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities

                The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to brought-
                forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

                 Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
                   liability balance at the beginning of the year
                   Property management services                                          5,794,484         4,344,228
                   Community value-added services                                          440,569           506,306
                   Value-added services to non-property owners                              65,084           144,474
                   Three Supplies and Property Management Services
                      — Property management and other related services                     145,272           166,042
                      — Heat supply services                                               647,074           492,892
                   City services                                                            19,697            10,242
                   Commercial operational services                                         129,484           112,842


                                                                                         7,241,664         5,777,026




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024       129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
    (a)   Contract liabilities (Continued)

          (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations

                  For property management services, value-added services to non-property owners, heat supply
                  services, city services and commercial operational services, the Group recognises revenue in the
                  amount that equals to the right to invoice which corresponds directly with the value to the customer of
                  the Group’s performance to date, on a monthly basis. The Group has elected the practical expedient
                  for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these type of contracts. The term of
                  the contracts for value-added services to non-property owners is generally set to expire when the
                  counterparties notify the Group that the services are no longer required.

                  For community value-added services, they are rendered in short period of time and there is immaterial
                  unsatisfied performance obligation at the end of respective periods.

          (iv)    Assets recognised from incremental costs to obtain a contract

                  During the year ended 31 December 2024, there were no incremental costs to obtain a contract (2023:
                  nil).

    (b)   Segment information

          The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                             Property
                                                        management
                                                          and related
                                                       services other
                                                          than Three
                                                        Supplies and     Three Supplies
                                                             Property      and Property                    Commercial
                                                        Management        Management                        operational
                                                             Services       businesses     City services      services        Total
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


            Revenue from contracts with customers         31,050,369          8,156,680       4,262,352         491,482    43,960,883
            Recognised over time                          29,833,600          7,156,915       4,149,088         483,342    41,622,945
            Recognised at a point time                     1,216,769            999,765         113,264           8,140     2,337,938


            Revenue from other source                              —                 —               —          182,675      182,675
            Rental income                                          —                 —               —          182,675      182,675


            Total segment revenue                         31,050,369          8,156,680       4,262,352         674,157    44,143,558


            Less: inter-segment revenue                        (8,335)             (437)        (94,732)        (47,165)     (150,669)


            Revenue from external customers               31,042,034          8,156,243       4,167,620         626,992    43,992,889


            Segment results                                2,297,303            83,992          222,549          73,001     2,676,845




     130          Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   (b)   Segment information (Continued)

         The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2024 is as follows:
         (Continued)

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                     Property
                                                                management
                                                                  and related
                                                               services other
                                                                  than Three
                                                                Supplies and    Three Supplies
                                                                     Property     and Property                         Commercial
                                                                Management       Management                             operational
                                                                     Services      businesses        City services        services        Total
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


          Share of results of investments accounted
            for using the equity method                              (13,748)          (4,127)              6,306                9        (11,560)
          Depreciation and amortisation charges                    1,361,272          149,838             363,386          114,013      1,988,509
          Net impairment losses on financial and
            contract assets                                          615,255            9,322              36,592            2,548        663,717
          Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets              —                —              990,000               —         990,000
          Capital expenditure                                      1,329,179          236,244             149,538          418,113      2,133,074

                                                                                                 At 31 December 2024
                                                                     Property
                                                                management
                                                                  and related
                                                               services other
                                                                  than Three
                                                                Supplies and    Three Supplies
                                                                     Property     and Property                         Commercial
                                                                Management       Management                             operational
                                                                     Services      businesses        City services        services        Total
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


          Segment assets                                          55,615,812         4,066,678          6,728,345        2,576,679     68,987,514


          Investments accounted for using the equity method          398,138          105,492              29,617              250          533,497


          Segment liabilities                                     20,463,897         3,674,309          2,489,258        2,371,598     28,999,062




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024              131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
    (b)   Segment information (Continued)

          The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                      Property
                                                                 management
                                                                  and related
                                                                services other
                                                                   than Three
                                                                 Supplies and    Three Supplies
                                                                      Property     and Property                      Commercial
                                                                 Management       Management                          operational
                                                                      Services      businesses      City services       services          Total
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

           Revenue from contracts with customers                  30,224,898         6,520,190        4,989,336           723,171     42,457,595
           Recognised over time                                   29,152,688         5,836,604        4,824,286           700,278     40,513,856
           Recognised at a point time                              1,072,210           683,586          165,050            22,893      1,943,739

           Revenue from other source                                       —                —                 —           294,510       294,510
           Rental income                                                   —                —                 —           294,510       294,510


           Total segment revenue                                  30,224,898         6,520,190        4,989,336          1,017,681    42,752,105

           Less: inter-segment revenue                                (29,625)              —          (105,706)            (5,263)     (140,594)

           Revenue from external customers                        30,195,273         6,520,190        4,883,630          1,012,418    42,611,511

           Segment results                                            94,502            87,690          771,737            84,066      1,037,995


                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                      Property
                                                                 management
                                                                  and related
                                                                services other
                                                                   than Three
                                                                 Supplies and    Three Supplies
                                                                      Property     and Property                      Commercial
                                                                 Management       Management                          operational
                                                                      Services      businesses      City services       services          Total
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

           Share of results of investments accounted
             for using the equity method                              (65,697)          13,754            1,182              (160)        (50,921)
           Depreciation and amortisation charges                   1,282,531           128,257          344,169           170,062      1,925,019
           Net impairment losses on financial and
             contract assets                                       2,425,810             6,483            7,324           154,182      2,593,799
           Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets      1,064,022                —           411,977                —       1,475,999
           Capital expenditure                                       943,224           397,922          599,284           374,982      2,315,412




     132        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   (b)   Segment information (Continued)

         The segment information provided to the CODM for the year ended 31 December 2023 is as follows:
         (Continued)

                                                                                                At 31 December 2023
                                                                    Property
                                                               management
                                                                and related
                                                              services other
                                                                 than Three
                                                               Supplies and    Three Supplies
                                                                    Property     and Property                         Commercial
                                                               Management       Management                             operational
                                                                    Services      businesses         City services       services           Total
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


          Segment assets                                        51,179,563         3,354,333           6,347,875       2,329,101        63,210,872


          Investments accounted for using the equity method        424,350           155,786              19,981              250          600,367


          Segment liabilities                                   19,124,589         3,017,510           2,376,646       2,026,664        26,545,409

         A reconciliation of segment results to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

          Segment results                                                                                    2,676,845                1,037,995
          Realised and unrealised (losses)/gains from financial assets
             at FVPL (note 8)                                                                                    (18,294)                 3,474
          Finance income — net                                                                                    48,155                 38,181


          Profit before income tax                                                                           2,706,706                1,079,650

         A reconciliation of segment assets to total assets is provided as follows:

                                                                                                               At 31 December
                                                                                                                 2024            2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000

          Segment assets                                                                                   68,987,514                63,210,872
          Deferred income tax assets                                                                        1,130,244                   907,500
          Financial assets at FVOCI                                                                           556,740                 4,317,978
          Financial assets at FVPL (exclude contingent consideration
             receivables)                                                                                       580,033                807,724


          Total assets                                                                                     71,254,531                69,244,074


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024              133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
    (b)   Segment information (Continued)

          A reconciliation of segment liabilities to total liabilities is provided as follows:

                                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000

           Segment liabilities                                                                   28,999,062     26,545,409
           Deferred income tax liabilities                                                        1,598,912      1,884,304
           Current income tax liabilities                                                           707,579        462,736
           Bank and other borrowings                                                                870,256      1,569,548


           Total liabilities                                                                     32,175,809     30,461,997

    (c)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition

          The Group provides property management services, community value-added services, value-added services
          to non-property owners, heat supply services, city services and commercial operational services. Revenue
          from providing services is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered. At contract
          inception, the Group evaluates whether the contracts meet the criteria under HKFRS 15 para 9, especially
          whether it is probable that the Group will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange
          for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. In evaluating whether collectability of an
          amount of consideration is probable, the Group consider the customer’s ability and intention to pay that
          amount of consideration when it is due. If the contract does not meet the criteria at inception, or subsequently
          a customer’s ability to pay the consideration deteriorates significantly and the Group conclude that it is
          not probable that the Group will collect the consideration to which they will be entitled in exchange for the
          remaining goods or services that will be transferred to the customer, the Group recognise the consideration
          received as revenue only if the Group has no remaining obligations to transfer goods or services to the
          customer and all, or substantially all, of the consideration promised by the customer has been received by
          the entity and is non-refundable, or the contract has been terminated and the consideration received from
          the customer is non-refundable. For contract that meets such criteria and revenue is recognised but the
          corresponding consideration is not yet fully settled at the time, the credit risk of the collection is considered in
          impairment assessment (note 4.1.1).

          For property management services, heat supply services, city services and commercial operational services,
          the Group bills a fixed amount for services provided on a monthly basis and recognises as revenue in the
          amount to which the Group has a right to invoice and that corresponds directly with the value of performance
          completed.

          For property management services income from properties managed under lump sum basis, where the
          Group acts as principal and is primary responsible for providing the property management services to the
          property owners, the Group recognises the fee received or receivable from property owners as its revenue
          and all related property management costs as its cost of sales. For property management services income from
          properties managed under commission basis, the Group recognises the commission, which is calculated by
          certain percentage of the total property management fee received or receivable from the property units, as its
          revenue for arranging and monitoring the services as provided by other suppliers to the property owners.




     134       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




6. Revenue and segment information (Continued)
   (c)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition (Continued)

         Value-added services to non-property owners mainly include consultancy services to property developers
         or other property management companies, cleaning, greening, repair and maintenance services, sales of
         goods, leasing agency services for unsold parking spaces and properties to property developers at the pre-
         delivery stage, and agency sales for parking spaces and unsold properties. The Group agrees the price for
         each service with the customers upfront and issue the monthly bill to the customers which varies based on
         the actual level of service completed in that month.

         Community value-added services mainly include home living services, home decoration intermediate services,
         real estate brokerage services, community media services, local life services, community area services,
         insurance brokerage services and sales of goods. Revenue from sales of goods is recognised at the point
         in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, generally on the acceptance of the goods
         by the customer. Revenue from brokerage services is recognised at the point in time when the services are
         rendered and accepted by the customers. Revenue from the other services is recognised when the related
         community value-added services are rendered.

         Payment of the transaction is due immediately when the community value-added services are rendered to
         the customer.

         City services mainly include road cleaning services, garbage collection services, waste treatment services
         and sales of goods. The Group also provides construction services under service concession arrangements.
         Revenue from the construction services is recognised over time as the Group’s performance creates or
         enhances an asset or work in progress that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced.

         Commercial operational services mainly include tenant management, rent collection services and other value-
         added services. The Group provides shopping malls, neighborhood centers, commercial blocks, specialised
         markets and other projects with full-chain services such as business planning consulting, tenant sourcing,
         operation and planning services, mainly including (i) conducting commercial operation and management
         of the properties owned by leasing developers or property owners; (ii) providing property market research
         and positioning services at the investment stage of property developers; (iii) providing market research and
         positioning, business planning consulting, tenant solicitation and opening preparation services to property
         developers or owners at the preparation stage before the opening of the properties; and (iv) providing tenant
         solicitation, operation and management services to property owners or tenants at the stage of property
         operation.

         When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the statement of financial
         position as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the Group’s
         performance and the customer’s payment.

         A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has transferred
         to a customer. Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalised and presented as
         assets and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.

         If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional,
         before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the contract as a contract liability
         when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A contract liability is the
         Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or
         an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. A receivable is recorded when the Group has an
         unconditional right to consideration. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is
         required before payment of that consideration is due.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024        135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




7. Other income
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

     Government subsidy income                                                         136,369             233,409
     Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI                                     76,017             166,944
     Late payment charges                                                               42,027              77,010


                                                                                       254,413             477,363


8. Other gains — net
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

     (Losses)/gains on disposals of subsidiaries (note 39)                             (38,589)             69,257
     Gains from the change of sublease contracts (a)                                    78,652              50,452
     (Losses)/gains on early termination of lease contracts (b)                         (4,861)             30,882
     Net foreign exchange gains                                                         51,251              21,483
     Realised and unrealised (losses)/gains from financial assets at FVPL              (18,294)              3,474
     Gains on disposals of investments accounted for using
       the equity method                                                                 4,009                   —
     Losses on disposals of property,
       plant and equipment, and investment properties                                  (25,689)             (24,894)
     Fair value change on contingent considerations                                    531,876                   —
     Others                                                                            (93,633)              10,724


                                                                                       484,722             161,378

    (a)   In 2024, the Group signed certain sublease contracts of properties with third parties, and recognised a net
          gain of RMB78,652,000 (2023: RMB50,452,000) resulting from the differences of the recognition of finance
          lease receivables and the derecognition of investment properties.

    (b)   In 2024, the Group has early terminated certain property lease contracts. Such termination resulted
          in derecognition of other right-of-use assets of RMB25,490,000 (2023: RMB13,628,000) (note 17),
          investment properties of RMB68,846,000 (2023: RMB1,093,747,000), receivables from finance
          leases of RMB31,890,000 (2023: RMB235,863,000) and lease liabilities of RMB121,366,000 (2023:
          RMB1,374,120,000) (note 36(d)), resulting the losses of early termination of lease contracts recognised in
          other losses of RMB4,861,000 (2023: other gains of RMB30,882,000).




      136      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




9. Impairment under expected credit loss model, net of reversal
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

    Impairment loss recognised on:
      — trade receivables                                                               525,783            2,707,741
      — other receivables                                                                97,897             (113,942)
      — financial guarantee contracts (note 43)                                          40,037                   —


                                                                                        663,717            2,593,799

   Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 4.1.1.

10. Employee benefit expenses
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

    Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                      14,143,110          13,466,989
    Housing funds, medical insurances and other social security costs                   844,938             816,382
    Pension costs — defined contribution plans (a)                                      656,043             633,791
    Share options granted to directors and employee                                     123,265            (202,649)
    Other benefits                                                                      620,486             670,003


                                                                                     16,387,842          15,384,516

   (a)   Pension costs — defined contribution plan

         A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate
         fund. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not
         hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior
         periods.

         The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution benefit plans organised by the
         relevant governmental authorities. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have
         been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due. Assets of the
         plans are held and managed by government authorities and are separated from those of the Group.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024        137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




10. Employee benefit expenses (Continued)
    (b)   Five highest paid individuals

          The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group included 2 directors for the year ended
          31 December 2024 (2023: 4 directors), whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in note 42.
          The emoluments payable to the remaining 3 individuals (2023: 1 individual) are as follows:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

           Basic salaries, housing allowances, share options,
             other allowances and benefits in kind                                      19,258               1,770
           Contribution to pension scheme                                                  155                  25


                                                                                        19,413               1,795

          The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2024            2023

           Emolument bands (in HKD)
           1,500,000—2,000,000                                                               —                   1
           4,500,000—5,000,000                                                               2                   —
           11,500,000—12,000,000                                                             1                   —


                                                                                              3                   1

          No incentive payment for joining the Group or compensation for loss of office was paid or payable to any of
          the five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

11. Finance income — net
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

     Finance income:
     Interest income on bank deposits                                                  217,255             271,998


     Finance costs:
     Interest expense on lease liabilities                                             (93,989)           (141,761)
     Interest expense on bank and other borrowings                                     (75,111)             (92,056)


                                                                                      (169,100)           (233,817)


     Finance income — net                                                               48,155              38,181




     138       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




12. Income tax expense
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


    Current income tax
     — Provision for current income tax                                              1,280,405           1,393,709
     — Over provision in prior years                                                   (36,228)                 —


                                                                                     1,244,177           1,393,709


    Deferred income tax (note 34)
     — Corporate income tax                                                           (415,094)           (850,770)
     — Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future                     3,115              20,000


                                                                                      (411,979)           (830,770)


                                                                                      832,198              562,939

   (a)   Cayman Island income tax

         The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the
         Companies Act of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands income tax.

   (b)   Hong Kong profits tax

         No provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made as the Group did not have any assessable income subject
         to Hong Kong profits tax during the year.

   (c)   PRC corporate income tax

         Income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in Mainland China has been calculated at the
         applicable tax rate on the estimated assessable profits for the year, based on the existing legislation,
         interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

         The general corporate income tax rate in PRC is 25%. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are either
         located in western cities or autonomous regions or qualified as “High and New Technology Enterprise” or
         “Small and Micro Enterprises” subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15% or 10% in certain years.

   (d)   PRC withholding tax

         According to the applicable PRC tax regulations, dividends distributed by a company established in the
         PRC to a foreign investor with respect to profits derived after 1 January 2008 are generally subject to a
         10% withholding income tax. If a foreign investor incorporated in Hong Kong meets the conditions and
         requirements under the double taxation treaty arrangement entered into between the PRC and Hong Kong,
         the relevant withholding tax rate would be reduced from 10% to 5%. The Company and its intermediate
         subsidiaries incorporated in the BVI and Hong Kong have successfully obtained Hong Kong Tax Resident
         Identity certificates and the applicable withholding tax rate has been reduced to 5% accordingly in 2024 and
         2023.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024       139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




12. Income tax expense (Continued)
    (e)   The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
          applicable corporate income tax rate of 25%. The difference is analysed as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

           Profit before income tax                                                    2,706,706            1,079,650
           Less: Share of results of investments accounted
                    for using the equity method                                           11,560               50,921

                                                                                       2,718,266            1,130,571

           Tax calculated at applicable corporate income tax
              rate of 25% (2023: 25%)                                                    679,567              282,643
           Effects of different tax rates applicable to
              different subsidiaries of the Group                                       (160,350)              (65,528)
           Income not subject to tax                                                     (12,543)              (27,546)
           Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                                 299,801              319,728
           Unrecognised tax losses                                                         9,519                 9,622
           Effects of tax rate change on deferred tax                                      2,933                  (980)
           Withholding income tax paid                                                    46,384                25,000
           Over provision in previous years                                              (36,228)                   —

                                                                                         829,083              542,939
           Withholding income tax on profits to be distributed in future                   3,115               20,000

                                                                                         832,198              562,939


13. Profit for the year
    Profit for the year has been arrived for after charging:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

     Employee benefit expenses (note 10)                                              16,387,842          15,384,516

     Total depreciation and amortisation charges                                       1,988,509            1,925,019

     Cost of inventories recognised as expenses                                        2,110,091            1,277,488

     Rental expenses for short-term and low-value leases                                 467,937              433,855

     Auditor’s remuneration
       — Annual audit and interim review services                                          8,200               13,850
       — Non audit services                                                                  425                1,140

                                                                                           8,625               14,990



     140       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




14. Earnings per share
   (a)   Basic

         Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of the Company by the
         weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023


          Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (RMB’000)                  1,808,357              292,335
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
            (thousands shares)                                                        3,338,963            3,363,641


          Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                            54.16                 8.69

   (b)   Diluted

         Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
         outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Group has dilutive potential
         ordinary shares arising from the share option schemes (note 32).

         For the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2024, diluted earnings per share equals to basic earnings per
         share as the effect of the share options were anti-dilutive.

15. Dividends
   The final dividend in respect of year ended 31 December 2023 of RMB2.19 cents (equivalent to HKD2.41
   cents) per share and a special dividend of RMB27.27 cents (equivalent to HKD29.94 cents) per share, totalling
   RMB984,854,000, has been approved at the Annual General Meeting on 6 June 2024 and was paid in cash on 30
   August 2024.

   The final dividend in respect of year ended 31 December 2022 of RMB14.40 cents (equivalent to HKD15.89
   cents) per share and a special dividend of RMB22.81 cents (equivalent to HKD25.17 cents) per share, totalling
   RMB1,255,141,000, has been approved at the Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2023 and was paid in cash on
   11 August 2023.

   The Board of Directors recommended the cash payment of a 2024 final dividend of RMB13.52 cents per share
   and a special dividend of RMB16.09 cents per share, totalling RMB990,000,000. The dividend scheme is
   conditional upon the passing of the resolution relating to the payment of the final dividend and special dividend at
   the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend
   payable.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024        141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




16. Property, plant and equipment
                                                             Transportation                                 Construction    Leasehold
                                              Machinery          equipment      Equipment      Buildings     in progress improvements        Total
                                               RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


     At 1 January 2023
     Cost                                        362,489          1,083,741        409,320      136,212          99,478        328,048    2,419,288
     Accumulated depreciation                   (133,433)          (357,182)      (263,265)       (9,021)            —        (178,870)    (941,771)


     Net book amount                            229,056            726,559        146,055       127,191          99,478       149,178     1,477,517


     Year ended 31 December 2023
     Opening net book amount                    229,056             726,559        146,055      127,191           99,478       149,178    1,477,517
     Transfer from construction in progress       42,468                  —              —         3,811         (46,279)           —             —
     Additions                                    80,088            185,107         91,759       23,156         110,966        199,037      690,113
     Disposals                                     (6,034)           (80,568)        (4,465)          —            (2,098)          —        (93,165)
     Depreciation                                (60,582)          (108,242)      (113,216)       (6,496)              —      (128,965)    (417,501)


     Closing net book amount                    284,996            722,856        120,133       147,662         162,067       219,250     1,656,964


     At 31 December 2023
     Cost                                        467,773          1,125,045        454,912      163,179         162,067        527,085     2,900,061
     Accumulated depreciation                   (182,777)          (402,189)      (334,779)      (15,517)            —        (307,835)   (1,243,097)


     Net book amount                            284,996            722,856        120,133       147,662         162,067       219,250     1,656,964


     Year ended 31 December 2024
     Opening net book amount                    284,996             722,856        120,133      147,662         162,067        219,250    1,656,964
     Transfer from construction in progress      38,339                  —              —       155,801        (194,140)            —            —
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38)       25,923                 407          2,418        1,370              —              —        30,118
     Additions                                   63,436             170,164        117,393       36,988          95,734        126,576      610,291
     Disposals                                  (41,204)            (49,869)       (33,835)          —           (1,610)            —      (126,518)
     Disposals of subsidiaries                   (8,794)             (1,865)        (2,454)          —               —              —       (13,113)
     Depreciation                               (57,236)           (151,731)      (115,148)     (13,965)             —        (117,180)    (455,260)


     Closing net book amount                    305,460            689,962         88,507       327,856          62,051       228,646     1,702,482


     At 31 December 2024
     Cost                                       531,217           1,191,463        487,245      357,338          62,051        653,661     3,282,975
     Accumulated depreciation                  (225,757)           (501,501)      (398,738)     (29,482)             —        (425,015)   (1,580,493)


     Net book amount                            305,460            689,962         88,507       327,856          62,051       228,646     1,702,482

    As at 31 December 2024, transportation equipment with net book amount of RMB119,476,000 (2023:
    RMB68,021,000) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank and other borrowings (note 35).




     142           Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




16. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
    Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
    comprehensive income:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


     Cost of sales                                                                           382,607               350,873
     General and administrative expenses                                                      72,653                66,628


                                                                                             455,260               417,501

    Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost, net of their residual values, over their
    estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements, the shorter lease term as follows:

    Buildings                                                                                                     20 years
    Machinery                                                                                                  5-15 years
    Transportation equipment                                                                                   5-10 years
    Equipment                                                                                                  5-10 years
    Leasehold improvements                                                             Estimated useful lives or remaining
                                                                                        lease terms, whichever is shorter

    See note 44.5 for the other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




17. Leases
    This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

    (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

          Apart from leased-in investment properties (note 18), the movement of other right-of-use assets is shown as
          follows:

          Other right-of-use assets

                                                                 Transportation                 Land use
                                                    Buildings        equipment     Machinery        right      Total
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


           Year ended 31 December 2024
           Opening net book amount                    339,497             4,351       22,883      59,006      425,737
           Additions                                  204,491            26,498       57,069      11,172      299,230
           Transfer to investment properties         (100,971)               —            —           —      (100,971)
           Early termination of lease contracts       (15,967)             (223)      (9,300)         —       (25,490)
           Depreciation                              (137,831)          (10,521)     (27,840)     (1,705)    (177,897)


           Closing net book amount                   289,219            20,105        42,812      68,473      420,609


           At 31 December 2024
           Cost                                       465,807           26,498        63,308       79,219     634,832
           Accumulated depreciation                  (176,588)          (6,393)      (20,496)     (10,746)   (214,223)


           Net book amount                           289,219            20,105        42,812      68,473      420,609


           Year ended 31 December 2023
           Opening net book amount                    142,781             6,573        4,180      60,855      214,389
           Additions                                  361,924            15,392       24,561           –      401,877
           Early termination of lease contracts       (12,463)                –            –      (1,165)     (13,628)
           Depreciation                              (152,745)          (17,614)      (5,858)       (684)    (176,901)


           Closing net book amount                   339,497              4,351       22,883      59,006      425,737


           At 31 December 2023
           Cost                                       503,313            23,950       30,289      68,046      625,598
           Accumulated depreciation                  (163,816)          (19,599)      (7,406)     (9,040)    (199,861)


           Net book amount                           339,497              4,351       22,883      59,006      425,737




     144       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




17. Leases (Continued)
    (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position (Continued)

          The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to lease liabilities:

          Lease liabilities

                                                                                           At 31 December
                                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


           Current                                                                         203,650               164,252
           Non-current                                                                   1,726,309             1,353,427


                                                                                         1,929,959             1,517,679

    (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
          income

          The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income shows the following amounts
          relating to leases:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


           Depreciation charge of other right-of-use assets
           Buildings                                                                       137,831               152,745
           Land use right                                                                    1,705                   684
           Machinery                                                                        27,840                 5,858
           Transportation equipment                                                         10,521                17,614


                                                                                           177,897               176,901


           Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of low-
              value assets (included in ‘Cost of sales’ and ‘General and
              administrative expenses’)                                                    467,937               433,855
           Interest expense (included in ‘Finance costs’)                                   93,989               141,761

          The total cash outflow for leases in the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB805,850,000 (2023:
          RMB810,496,000).

    (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for

          The Group leases various buildings, transportation equipment and machinery. Rental contracts are typically
          made for fixed periods of 1 to 20 years without extension options. Lease terms are negotiated on an
          individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not
          impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
          Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024        145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




17. Leases (Continued)
    (d)   Accounting policies of leases

          Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset, a receivable (for subleased-out under finance leases) and a
          corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

          Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in
          the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However,
          for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease
          components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

          Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
          The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that
          are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

          Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
          include the net present value of the following lease payments:

          •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable.

          The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
          determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to
          pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with
          similar terms, security and conditions.

          To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

          •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
               adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

          •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held
               by the Group, which does not have recent third-party financing, and

          •    makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.




     146       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




17. Leases (Continued)
    (d)   Accounting policies of leases (Continued)

          If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or
          market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a
          starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

          Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or
          loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
          the liability for each period.

          Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

          •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liabilities.

          Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
          a straight-line basis.

          Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets
          are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a
          lease term of 12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets mainly comprise electronic
          equipment and vehicles.

          Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line
          basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying
          amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease
          income. The respective leased assets are included in the consolidated statement of financial position based
          on their nature. The Group did not need to make any adjustments to the accounting for assets held as lessor as
          a result of adopting the new leasing standard.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024         147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




18. Investment properties
                                                                    Land and        Right-of-use
                                                                    buildings             assets               Total
                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December 2024
     Opening net book amount                                          132,828           1,172,174           1,305,002
     Additions                                                        144,575             593,204             737,779
     Transfer from other right-of-use assets                               —              100,971             100,971
     Disposals                                                        (47,224)           (271,171)           (318,395)
     Depreciation                                                     (13,252)           (114,281)           (127,533)


     Net book amount                                                  216,927           1,480,897           1,697,824


     Year ended 31 December 2023
     Opening net book amount                                            68,392          1,921,275            1,989,667
     Additions                                                        127,320             504,700              632,020
     Disposals                                                         (33,230)        (1,093,747)          (1,126,977)
     Depreciation                                                      (29,654)          (160,054)            (189,708)


     Net book amount                                                  132,828           1,172,174           1,305,002

    (a)   For the year ended 31 December 2024, the additions of right-of-use assets comprised of leases in
          commercial properties with lease term periods of 2-20 years (2023: 2-20 years).

    (b)   Fair value disclosure and fair value hierarchy

          As at 31 December 2024, the fair values of the investment properties approximated to RMB2,066,790,000
          (2023: RMB1,446,767,000). As certain of significant inputs used in the determination of fair value of
          investment properties are arrived at by reference to certain significant unobservable market data, the fair
          value of all investment properties of the Group is included in level 3 of the fair value measurement hierarchy.

    (c)   Fair value measurement processes of the Group

          The Group’s investment properties were valued as at 31 December 2024, by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate
          Appraisal and Advisory Limited, an independent and professionally qualified valuer who hold recognised
          relevant professional qualifications and have recent experience in the locations and segments of the
          investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best
          use.

          Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between management and the valuers on an annual
          basis, in line with the Group’s annual reporting date.

          At each financial year end, the management:

          —     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

          —     Assesses property valuation movements when compared to the prior year valuation report; and

          —     Holds discussions with the independent valuer.



      148      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




18. Investment properties (Continued)
    (d)   Valuation techniques

          Investment properties comprise of right-of-use assets of commercial properties held under leases. Fair values
          of the investment properties are generally derived using the term and reversionary method. This method is
          based on the tenancy agreements as at the respective valuation dates. The rental income derived within
          the tenancy agreements are discounted by adopting term yields and the potential reversionary income are
          discounted by adopting appropriate reversionary yields for the period beyond the rental period in the tenancy
          agreements. Potential reversionary income and the reversionary yields are derived from analysis of prevailing
          market rents and valuer’s interpretation of prevailing investor requirements or expectations. The prevailing
          market rents adopted in the valuation have reference to recent lettings, within the subject properties and
          other comparable properties.

                                                                                           Relationship of
           Valuation             Unobservable                    Range of                  unobservable inputs
           techniques            inputs                     unobservable inputs            to fair value
                                                               2024             2023


           Income approach Term yields                    3.5%-7.0%         3.0%-6.5%      The higher the term yields,
                                                                                             the lower the fair value

                                 Reversionary yields      4.5%-7.0%         3.5%-7.0%      The higher the reversionary
                                                                                             yields, the lower the fair
                                                                                             value

                                 Market rents          RMB15-242 per   RMB21-203 per       The higher the market rents,
                                                        square meter     square meter        the higher the fair value
                                                          per month        per month

    (e)   Accounting policies of investment properties

          Investment properties are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both and are not
          occupied by the Group. Commercial properties held under leases held for rental yields and are not occupied
          by the Group are recognised as investment properties.

          The Group measured its investment properties at cost, including related transaction costs and where
          applicable borrowing costs. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost
          over their useful life or lease term varying from 5 to 20 years.

          If an item of owner-occupied property becomes an investment property because its use has changed, the
          carrying amount of the item at the date of transfer is equal to the carrying amount of the investment property
          measured by the cost model.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024        149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




19. Intangible assets
                                                           Contracts       Insurance                    Concession      Total other
                                                        and customer       brokerage                     intangible      intangible
                                             Software relationships           license       Brand            assets          assets      Goodwill         Total
                                             RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                   (ii)           (iii)            (iv)        (v)              (vi)                         (vii)


     At 1 January 2023
     Cost                                     528,642        6,938,827         28,663     2,166,442         294,363       9,956,937     19,639,425     29,596,362
     Accumulated amortisation                (119,855)      (1,359,206)         (6,392)    (350,523)         (31,179)    (1,867,155)             —      (1,867,155)
     Accumulated impairment                        —             (2,861)            —        (34,877)             —          (37,738)    (1,738,108)    (1,775,846)


     Net book amount                          408,787        5,576,760         22,271     1,781,042         263,184      8,052,044      17,901,317     25,953,361


     Year ended 31 December 2023
     Opening net book amount                  408,787        5,576,760         22,271     1,781,042         263,184       8,052,044     17,901,317     25,953,361
     Additions                                139,357           77,988              —             —         374,057         591,402              —         591,402
     Amortisation                              (61,839)       (807,793)         (2,474)    (240,979)         (27,824)    (1,140,909)             —      (1,140,909)
     Disposals                                    (546)              —              —             —               —             (546)            —            (546)
     Impairment                                     —            (5,595)            —         (1,888)             —           (7,483)    (1,468,516)    (1,475,999)


     Closing net book amount                  485,759        4,841,360         19,797     1,538,175         609,417      7,494,508      16,432,801     23,927,309


     At 31 December 2023
     Cost                                     665,833        7,016,815         28,663     2,128,394         668,420     10,508,125      19,639,425     30,147,550
     Accumulated amortisation                (180,074)      (2,166,999)         (8,866)    (588,331)         (59,003)    (3,003,273)             —      (3,003,273)
     Accumulated impairment                        —             (8,456)            —         (1,888)             —          (10,344)    (3,206,624)    (3,216,968)


     Net book amount                          485,759        4,841,360         19,797     1,538,175         609,417      7,494,508      16,432,801     23,927,309


     Year ended 31 December 2024
     Opening net book amount                  485,759        4,841,360         19,797     1,538,175         609,417      7,494,508      16,432,801     23,927,309
     Additions                                 72,540          400,001             —             —           13,233        485,774              —         485,774
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38)         65           43,963             —             —               —          44,028          76,802        120,830
     Amortisation                             (74,101)        (866,892)        (2,475)     (240,583)        (43,768)    (1,227,819)             —      (1,227,819)
     Disposals                                 (5,226)              —              —             —               —          (5,226)             —          (5,226)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                      —           (51,758)            —             —               —         (51,758)        (96,797)      (148,555)
     Impairment                                    —                —              —             —               —              —         (990,000)      (990,000)


     Closing net book amount                  479,037        4,366,674         17,322     1,297,592         578,882      6,739,507      15,422,806     22,162,313


     At 31 December 2024
     Cost                                     730,092        7,377,702         28,663     2,128,394         681,327     10,946,178      19,479,477     30,425,655
     Accumulated amortisation                (251,055)      (3,002,572)       (11,341)     (828,914)       (102,445)    (4,196,327)             —      (4,196,327)
     Accumulated impairment                        —            (8,456)            —         (1,888)             —         (10,344)     (4,056,671)    (4,067,015)


     Net book amount                          479,037        4,366,674         17,322     1,297,592         578,882      6,739,507      15,422,806     22,162,313




     150             Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    Amortisation of intangible assets were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of profit or
    loss and comprehensive income:

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


      Cost of sales                                                                         1,153,717             1,079,070
      General and administrative expenses                                                      74,102                61,839


                                                                                            1,227,819             1,140,909

    (i)     Amortisation methods and periods

            The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the
            following periods:

            Software                                                                                              3-10 years
            Contracts and customer relationships                                                                   6-9 years
            Insurance brokerage license                                                                             12 years
            Brand                                                                                                 5-12 years
            Concession intangible assets                                                                          5-29 years

    (ii)    Software

            Acquired software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the
            specific software.

            Costs associated with maintaining software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.

    (iii)   Contracts and customer relationships

            Contracts and customer relationships acquired in business combinations and subsequent asset acquisitions
            are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The contracts and customer relationships have a finite useful
            life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment.

    (iv)    Insurance brokerage license

            Insurance brokerage license acquired in the business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
            date. It has a finite useful life and is subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

    (v)     Brand

            Brand acquired in the business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. It has a finite
            useful life and is subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024         151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (vi)   Concession intangible assets

           When the Group has entered into contractual service concession arrangements with local government
           authorities for its participation in the municipal sanitation public infrastructure construction business, the
           Group carries out the construction or upgrade work of municipal sanitation public infrastructures for the
           granting authorities and receives in exchange of a right to operate the public infrastructures concerned.
           Concession intangible assets correspond to the right granted by the respective concession grantors to the
           Group to charge users of the sanitation services and the fact that the concession grantors (the respective
           local governments) have not provided any contractual guarantees in respect of the amounts of construction
           costs incurred to be recoverable.

    (vii) Goodwill

           Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
           tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
           be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of
           a business include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the business sold.

           Goodwill is allocated to CGU for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those CGUs
           or groups of CGU that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose.
           The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal
           management purposes.

           Goodwill of RMB15,422,806,000 (2023: RMB16,432,801,000) has been allocated to the respective CGU for
           impairment testing. Management performed an impairment assessment on the goodwill as at 31 December
           2024 and 2023, respectively.




      152       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

         The goodwill (net book amount) is allocated in CGUs as follows:

                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


          Property Management Services Operating Segment
          Country Garden Life Services Group Company Limited
             (“Life Services”) CGU                                               6,380,422         3,468,945
          Wealth Best Global Holdings Group Company Limited
             (“Wealth Best Global”) CGU                                          3,567,263         3,567,263
          Link Joy Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (“Link Joy”) CGU                     3,233,591         3,233,591
          Sichuan Justbon Life Services Group Co., Ltd.
             (“Justbon Services”) CGU                                                   —          2,973,736
          City-Media (Shanghai) Culture Media Co., Ltd. (“City Media”) CGU              —                 —
          Other CGUs                                                               790,333           748,069


                                                                                13,971,609        13,991,604


          Three Supplies and Property Management Services
            Segment— others                                                          3,465              3,465

          City Services Operating Segment
          Country Garden Manguo Environmental Technology
            Group Co., Ltd. (“Manguo”) CGU                                         968,891         1,958,891
          Fujian Dongfei Environment Group Co., Ltd.
            (“Fujian Dongfei”) CGU                                                      —                  —


                                                                                   968,891         1,958,891


          Commercial Operational Services Operating Segment —
           others                                                                  478,841          478,841


                                                                                15,422,806        16,432,801




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024   153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

         Integration of CGUs and goodwill reallocation

         During the year ended 31 December 2024, there has been a change in the identified CGU resulting from the
         integration of Justbon Services CGU into Life Services CGU in order to improve operation efficiency. Both
         Justbon Services CGU and Life Services CGU are within the Property Management operating segment.
         Accordingly, goodwill originally along with Justbon Services CGU is reallocated into Life Services CGU.
         Management expected that the benefit of expected synergies of Justbon Services CGU shall be achieved
         from integrating it into the Group’s existing property management services under Life Services CGU. Such
         integration resulted in the reallocation of goodwill as there has been a change to the way in which goodwill is
         monitored internally.

         During the year ended 31 December 2023, Caizhixin Smart Life Services Group CGU was integrated into Life
         Services CGU and the goodwill originally along with Caizhixin Smart Life Services Group CGU is reallocated
         into Life Services CGU. Both Caizhixin Smart Life Services Group CGU and Life Services CGU are within the
         Property Management Operating Segment.

         Impairment tests on goodwill

         The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on the higher of value in use and the FVLCOD.

         For the year ended 31 December 2024

         As at 31 December 2024, management recalculated the recoverable amounts of all CGU. The value-in-use
         results of CGUs other than Manguo CGU was assessed to exceed their carrying amounts as at 31 December
         2024.

         Impairment of Manguo CGU

         During the year ended 31 December 2024, Management of the Group reassessed the key assumptions
         for impairment testing of goodwill of Manguo CGU and considered that Manguo’s business expansion
         in previous years has not been carried out as scheduled and some existing business has been adjusted,
         leading to declines in revenues and profits, and the long payment period of some customers of Manguo
         resulted in unsatisfactory cash flows. Moreover, these adverse effects are expected to remain for a period of
         time other than temporary. According to the management’s estimation of the recoverable amount of Manguo
         with the assistance of an independent valuer, which was calculated based on its value in use that was
         assessed to be higher than its FVLCOD, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets of approximately
         RMB990,000,000 were recognised for Manguo CGU, resulting in a reduction in the carrying amount of the
         goodwill of Manguo to RMB968,891,000.

         As at 31 December 2024, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill
         of the other CGUs. Based on the assessment, the Group considered that no additional material impairment
         of goodwill was required.




     154      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

         Impairment tests on goodwill (Continued)

         For the year ended 31 December 2023

         As at 31 December 2023, management recalculated the recoverable amounts of all CGUs or group of CGUs.
         The value-in-use results of CGUs other than Justbon Services CGU, Fujian Dongfei CGU and City Media
         CGU was assessed to exceed their carrying amounts as at 31 December 2023.

         Impairment of Justbon Services CGU

         In the year ended 31 December 2023, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment testing
         of goodwill of Justbon Services CGU and considered that the profit margin and property management fee
         collection rate of several projects were less than expected, resulting in the management’s decisions about
         withdrawing from corresponding property management projects of Justbon Services CGU, and suspended
         some value-added services to non-property owners with poor payment collection performance. Also, due
         to the impact of the macroeconomic environment, property owners were less willing to spend, thereby
         affecting the development of community value-added services, which had a negative impact on the revenue
         and profitability of Justbon Services CGU for the year ended 31 December 2023. In addition, the pre-tax
         discount rate used in the goodwill impairment test increased as a result of the increase of equity risk premium
         as well as the country premium, leading to a further decrease of value in use of Justbon Service. According
         to the management’s estimation of the recoverable amount of Justbon Services with the assistance of an
         independent valuer, which was calculated based on its value in use that was assessed to be higher than its
         FVLCOD, impairment of goodwill of approximately RMB614,573,000 was recognised for Justbon Services
         CGU during the year ended 31 December 2023, resulting in a reduction in the carrying amount of the
         goodwill of Justbon Services CGU to RMB2,973,736,000 as at 31 December 2023.

         Impairment of Fujian Dongfei CGU

         In the year ended 31 December 2023, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment
         testing of goodwill of Fujian Dongfei CGU and considered that the cash flows of customers served by Fujian
         Dongfei CGU was tightening due to the impact of the macroeconomic environment, resulting in a decrease
         in gross profit for new projects and increased difficulty in collecting payments from past projects. Moreover,
         these adverse effects are expected to remain for a period of time other than temporary. According to the
         management’s estimation of the recoverable amount of Fujian Dongfei CGU with the assistance of an
         independent valuer, which was calculated based on its value in use that was assessed to be higher than
         its FVLCOD, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets of approximately RMB406,382,000 and
         RMB5,595,000 were recognised for Fujian Dongfei, respectively, resulting in a reduction in the carrying
         amount of the goodwill and other intangible assets of Fujian Dongfei to nil and RMB138,481,000.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024        155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

         Impairment tests on goodwill (Continued)

         For the year ended 31 December 2023 (Continued)

         Impairment of City Media CGU

         In the year ended 31 December 2023, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment
         testing of goodwill of City Media and considered that the consumer demands in the advertising market
         were shrinking due to the impact of the macroeconomic environment, resulting in a decrease in some
         clients’ advertising placement budget, which had a negative impact on the business development of City
         Media. Moreover, these adverse effects are expected to remain for a longer period of time. According to the
         management’s estimation of the recoverable amount of City Media with the assistance of an independent
         valuer, which was calculated based on its value in use that was assessed to be higher than its FVLCOD,
         impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets of approximately RMB313,998,000 and RMB701,000
         were recognised for City Media, respectively, resulting in a reduction in the carrying amount of the goodwill
         and other intangible assets of City Media to nil and RMB92,131,000.

         As at 31 December 2023, management reassessed the key assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill
         of the other CGUs. Based on the assessment, the Group considered that no additional material impairment
         of goodwill was required.

         The following table sets forth each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow
         projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

                                          Justbon        Wealth                             Life      Fujian     City        Other
                                          Services   Best Global   Link Joy   Manguo   Services      Dongfei    Media        CGUs


           2024

           Revenue growth rates during
             the projection period            N/A          3.0%       3.0%      5.4%      3.0%           N/A     N/A     3.0%-4.9%
           Gross profit margins during
             the projection period            N/A         30.1%      32.9%     19.4%     20.9%           N/A     N/A 13.4%-46.5%
           EBITDA margins during
             the projection period            N/A         21.1%      26.0%     15.2%      9.7%           N/A     N/A 8.2%-39.6%
           Terminal growth rate               N/A          2.0%       2.0%      2.0%      2.0%           N/A     N/A        2.0%
           Pre-tax discount rates             N/A         17.8%      17.7%     14.8%     17.5%           N/A     N/A 18.1%-20.2%


           2023

           Revenue growth rates during
             the projection period       5.3%-5.7%    5.0%-9.0%       3.0%      5.0%      3.0%     -2.8%-5.0%    3.0%    -1.4%-9.4%
           Gross profit margins during
             the projection period          30.0%         34.2%      34.6%     24.0%     21.8%         25.4%    33.0%   17.7%-62.1%
           EBITDA margins during
             the projection period          21.7%         22.9%      22.7%     20.2%     11.9%         23.9%    15.9%    4.0%-53.0%
           Terminal growth rate              3.0%          3.0%       3.0%      3.0%      3.0%          3.0%     3.0%          3.0%
           Pre-tax discount rates           18.7%         20.4%      20.7%     15.3%     20.8%         15.4%    21.1%   18.4%-22.5%



     156          Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




19. Intangible assets (Continued)
    (vii) Goodwill (Continued)

         Impairment tests on goodwill (Continued)

         The recoverable amounts and the headrooms available (the excess of the recoverable amounts over the
         carrying amounts) of the respective CGU are as follows:

                                                 Justbon          Wealth
                                                Services      Best Global   Link Joy        Manguo     Life Services Fujian Dongfei        City Media
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


             At 31 December 2024
             Recoverable amount                      N/A        7,723,000   8,006,000     3,314,000      37,730,000               N/A             N/A
             Headroom                                N/A        1,905,224   2,756,800            —       29,151,600               N/A             N/A


             At 31 December 2023
             Recoverable amount                 6,262,266       6,515,422   6,720,569     4,736,726      36,974,005          1,279,920         330,959
             Headroom                                  —        1,249,341   1,884,400        33,006      28,013,000                 —               —

         The recoverable amount of the respective CGU would equal its carrying amount if the key assumptions were
         to change as follows:

                                                                                    At 31 December 2024
                                                    Wealth Best Global          Link Joy            Manguo                        Life Services
                                                      From         To        From         To    From       To                     From          To


             Revenue growth rates during
               the projection period                   3.0%        -5.7%     3.0%       -10.9%         N/A            N/A         3.0%      -30.2%
             Gross profit margins during
               the projection period                  30.1%        20.9%    32.9%        -5.6%         N/A            N/A        20.3%          5.6%
             EBITDA margins during
               the projection period                  21.1%        11.9%    26.0%       -62.8%         N/A            N/A         9.7%         -5.6%
             Terminal growth rate                      2.0%        -7.9%     2.0%         N/A*         N/A            N/A         2.0%          N/A*
             Pre-tax discount rates                   17.8%        28.4%    17.7%         N/A*         N/A            N/A        17.4%          N/A*

                                                                                     At 31 December 2023
                                                     Wealth Best Global         Link Joy             Manguo                         Life Services
                                                      From           To      From          To     From                  To         From           To


             Revenue growth rates during
               the projection period              5.0%-9.0%          0.5%    3.0%       -13.9%        5.0%            4.8%         3.0%        -48.8%
             Gross profit margins during
               the projection period                  34.2%        27.7%    34.6%        22.1%        24.0%      22.1%           21.8%          7.6%
             EBITDA margins during
               the projection period                  22.9%        17.6%    22.7%        12.4%        20.2%      20.1%           11.9%          -2.3%
             Terminal growth rate                      3.0%        -2.7%     3.0%       -37.9%         3.0%       2.9%            3.0%           N/A*
             Pre-tax discount rates                   20.4%        25.2%    20.7%        36.8%        15.3%      15.4%           20.8%           N/A*

         *        Reasonable change of the factors will not lead to the recoverable amount lower than the carrying value of the CGU.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024                      157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




20. Subsidiaries
    The following is a list of principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2024. Among these subsidiaries registered under
    PRC law, Country Garden Life Services Group Co. Ltd. (碧桂園生活服務集團股份有限公司), Ganglian Real Estate
    Services (China) Co., Ltd. (港聯不動產服務（中國）股份有限公司) and Sichuan Justbon Services Group Co. Limited
    (四川嘉寶生活服務集團股份有限公司) are joint stock companies with limited liabilities, and Shenzhen Happy
    Vientiane Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市幸福萬象投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) is a limited
    partnership, and the other subsidiaries are limited liability companies:

                                                                 Nominal value
                                                                  of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                             Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Names                                   incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                      2024         2023      2024        2023

     Directly held by the Company:
     Incorporated in the BVI and operates
       in Mainland China:
     United Gain Group Ltd.                  28 March 2006              USD200        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
       (集裕集團有限公司)
     Ornate Forest Limited (繁森有限公司)          07 July 2017            USD50,000        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding

     Indirectly held by the Company:
     Incorporated in Hong Kong and
       operates in Hong Kong:
     Country Garden Property Services        05 February 2018             HKD1        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
       HK Holdings Company Limited
       (碧桂園物業香港控股有限公司)

     Incorporated in the BVI and operates
       in Mainland China:
     Sino Estate Holdings Limited            06 November 2003           HKD780        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
     Wealth Best Global Holdings Group       10 December 1998             USD1        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Company Limited                                                                                                         and related services
       (富良環球有限公司)

     Incorporated in the Cayman Islands and
       operates in Mainland China:
     Link Joy Holdings Group Co., Limited   16 June 2015                  USD2        100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
       (鄰里樂控股集團有限公司)
     Country Garden Services Business       13 July 2021                      —       100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
       Management Holdings Limited
       (碧桂園服務商業管理控股有限公司)

     Established and operates
       in Mainland China:
     Country Garden Life Services            19 April 2004      RMB360,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Group Co. Ltd.                                                                                                          and related services
       (碧桂園生活服務集團股份有限公司)
     Country Garden City Light Intelligent   15 December 1998   RMB19,390,000          51%        51%        49%         49% Property management
       Property Services Co., Ltd.                                                                                             and related services
       (碧桂園城市之光智慧物業服務
       有限公司)




     158          Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




20. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                 Nominal value
                                                                  of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                             Date of             capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Names                                   incorporation                capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                      2024         2023      2024        2023

     Beijing Shengshi Property               24 April 1999       RMB7,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Services Company Limited                                                                                               and related services
        (北京盛世物業服務有限公司)
     Jiangxi Bicheng Jiejia Property         18 February 1993   RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Services Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     and related services
        (formerly Jiangxi Country Garden
        Jiejia Property Service Co., Ltd.)
        (江西碧城潔佳物業服務有限公司，
        曾用名：（江西碧桂園潔佳物業服務
        有限公司）)
     Shanghai Ruijing Industrial             5 January 2018     RMB26,620,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Company Limited                                                                                                        and related services
        (上海睿靖實業有限公司)
     Hainan Sailai Borui Property            12 April 2012       RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Services Company Limited                                                                                               and related services
        (海南賽萊柏瑞物業服務有限公司)
     Guangdong Country Garden Huimin         09 January 2017     RMB5,100,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Property Services Company Limited                                                                                      and related services
        (廣東碧桂園惠民物業服務有限公司)
     Xingong Xiamen Property Management      30 April 2003       RMB9,132,250         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Services Company Limited                                                                                               and related services
        (新工（廈門）物業管理服務有限公司)
     Suzhou Industrial Park CPG Facilities   14 December 2001    RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   and related services
        (蘇州碧桂園碧新物業管理服務
        有限公司)
     Fenghuang Hui Information               18 January 2018    RMB30,580,000         100%       100%          —           — E-commerce
        Technology Co., Ltd.
        (鳳凰匯信息科技有限公司)
     Guangdong Bichuang Asset                18 January 2004     RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    and related services
        (廣東碧創資產運營有限公司)
     Shanghai Lianyuan Property              20 November 1995   RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
        Development Company Limited                                                                                            services
        (上海聯源物業發展有限公司)
     Inner Mongolia Renhe Services           18 November 1999   RMB14,008,340          85%        70%        15%         30% Property management
        Company Limited                                                                                                        and related services
        (內蒙古仁和服務有限責任公司)
     Suzhou Wuyuan Property                  22 March 2007       RMB5,000,000          95%        95%         5%          5% Property management
        Management Company Limited                                                                                             and related services
        (蘇州物源物業管理有限公司)
     Zhejiang Country Garden Bijia           24 January 2002    RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Property Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                             and related services
        (浙江碧桂園碧嘉物業服務有限公司)
     Shanghai Mingjun Property               31 May 1996         RMB5,150,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
        Management Company Limited                                                                                             and related services
        (上海明君物業管理有限公司)




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024             159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




20. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                               Nominal value
                                                                of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                              fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                          Date of              capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Names                                incorporation                 capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                    2024         2023      2024        2023

     Ganglian Real Estate Services           05 August 1999     RMB60,000,000       100%       100%          —           — Property management
       (China) Co., Ltd. (i)                                                                                                 and related services
       (港聯不動產服務（中國）股份
       有限公司)
     Baoshihua Home Life Services            12 September 2018 RMB420,000,000        65%        65%        35%         35% Investment holding
       Group Co., Ltd.
       (寶石花家園生活服務集團有限公司)
     Baoshihua Property Management           26 October 2018 RMB308,111,060          51%        51%        49%         49% Property management
       Company Limited                                                                                                       and related services
       (寶石花物業管理有限公司)
     Baoshihua Tong Fang Energy              27 December 2018 RMB122,950,000         70%        70%        30%         30% Property management,
       Technology Company Limited                                                                                            heat supply and related
       (寶石花同方能源科技有限公司)                                                                                                       services
     Baoshihua Heat Company Limited          07 January 2019   RMB150,000,000        65%        65%        35%         35% Heat supply services
       (寶石花熱力有限公司)
     Daqing Baoshihua Heat                   18 January 2019    RMB30,000,000       100%       100%          —           — Heat supply services
       Company Limited
       (大慶寶石花熱力有限公司)
     Fujian Dongfei (i)                      11 January 2013   RMB133,333,333      67.5%        60%      32.5%         40% City services
       (福建東飛環境集團有限公司)
     Manguo (i)                              26 March 2015      RMB50,500,000        70%        70%        30%         30% City services
       (碧桂園滿國環境科技集團有限公司)
     City-Media                              20 December 2010 RMB60,000,000          65%        65%        35%         35% City media services
       (城市縱橫（上海）文化傳媒有限公司)
     Shanghai Jinchen Property               20 February 1998   RMB10,000,000       100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  and related services
       (上海金晨物業經營管理有限公司)
     Guangdong Country Garden Life           20 December 2019 RMB2,000,000          100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     and related services
       (廣東碧桂園生活服務有限公司)
     Guangdong Lexiang Life Family           30 April 2015                 —        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     and related services
       (廣東樂享生活家庭服務有限公司)
     Chongqing Caizhixin Smart Life Services 01 November 2006 RMB200,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Group Limited (formerly Caixin Smart                                                                                  and related services
       Life Services Group Limited
       (“Caizhixin Services”)
       (重慶財智信智慧生活服務集團
       有限公司（曾用名：財信智慧生活服務
       集團有限公司）) (「財智信服務」)
     Guizhou Shunhui Business                29 January 2021     RMB9,300,000       100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  management services
       (貴州順暉商業管理有限公司)
     Zhuhai Shunhui Business                 22 January 2021    RMB10,000,000       100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  management services
       (珠海順暉商業管理有限公司)




     160         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




20. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                               Nominal value
                                                                of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                              fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                         Date of               capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
     Names                               incorporation                  capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                    2024         2023      2024        2023

     Shenzhen Zehui Apartment             04 March 2021        RMB2,760,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  services
       (深圳澤暉公寓管理有限公司)
     Guiyang Southwest International      04 September 2012   RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Trade City Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                       and related services
       (貴陽西南國際商貿城經營管理
       有限公司)
     Hainan Dehui Technology Management 23 April 2021         RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Information system
       Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      integration services
       (海南德暉科技管理服務有限公司)
     Guangdong Shunhui Business           20 January 2021     RMB25,500,000          85%        85%        15%         15% Commercial complex
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  management services
       (廣東順暉商業管理有限公司)
     Foshan Dehui Business Management     08 March 2021        RMB1,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             management services
       (佛山德暉商業管理有限公司)
     Guangdong Zehui Housing Rental       26 January 2021     RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
       Development Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                                      services
       (廣東澤暉住房租賃發展投資有限公司)
     Suzhou Xinbiyuan Business Management 01 August 2018       RMB3,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             services and
       (蘇州新碧園商業管理有限公司)                                                                                                       commercial complex
                                                                                                                             management services
     Guangzhou Zhihui Business            26 February 2021   RMB1,000,000           100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  management services
       (廣州智暉商業管理有限公司)
     Sichuan Justbon Life Services Group  07 December 2000 RMB178,102,160         99.71%     99.71%      0.29%       0.29% Property management
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             and related services
       (四川嘉寶生活服務集團股份有限公司)
     Chongqing Jiabao Management          14 July 2008       RMB5,000,000         99.25%     99.25%      0.75%       0.75% Property management
       Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  and related services
       (重慶嘉寶管理顧問有限公司)
     Guangzhou Tianli Real Estate         10 December 1997 RMB610,000,000           100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 and related services
       (廣州天力物業發展有限公司)
     Guangzhou Fuxing Investment          11 December 2019 RMB310,000,000           100%       100%          —           — Consulting services
       Consulting Co., Ltd. (i)
       (廣州富星投資諮詢有限公司)
     Guangzhou Fulin Commercial Operation 15 June 2020      RMB20,000,000           100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             management services
       (廣州富鄰商業運營有限公司)
     Beijing Hengfu Property Service      11 December 2002 RMB5,000,000             100%       100%          —           — Property management
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             and related services
       (北京恒富物業服務有限公司)
     Guangdong Surplus Equity Investment 04 May 2015        RMB10,000,000           100%       100%          —           — Investment holding
       Fund Management Co., Ltd.
       (廣東盈盛產業投資有限責任公司)




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024              161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




20. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                   Nominal value
                                                                    of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                  fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                             Date of               capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
        Names                                incorporation                  capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                        2024         2023      2024        2023

        Guangdong Fenghuangdaojia Vocational 31 December 2019     RMB10,000,000          70%        70%        30%         30% Skill training services
          Skill Training School Co., Ltd.
          (廣東鳳凰到家職業技能培訓學校
          有限公司)
        Wenjin International Insurance Broker  08 November 2007   RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Insurance services
          Co., Ltd.
          (文津國際保險經紀有限公司)
        Guangdong Bi’An Security Service       19 June 2020       RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Security services
          Co., Ltd.
          (廣東碧安保安有限公司)
        Guangdong Bi’An Electromechanical      09 May 2020        RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Construction and
          Engineering Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  installation services
          (廣東碧安機電工程有限公司)
        Tianjin TEDA City Investment Property  24 February 2004   RMB11,260,000          70%        70%        30%         30% Property intermediary
          Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   services
          (天津泰達城投物業管理有限公司)
        Shenzhen Biguiyuan Shengfu Real Estate 16 August 1995     RMB15,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
          Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   and related services
          (深圳碧桂園盛孚物業管理有限公司)
        Haikou Xinhuazhengda Airport Services 02 November 1994    RMB13,200,000         100%        90%          —         10% Property management
          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                              and related services
          (海口新華正達空港服務有限公司)
        Guangdong Meifang Zhigao Robot         18 January 2021    RMB40,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Science and technology
          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                              promotion and
          (廣東美房智高機器人有限公司)                                                                                                        application services
        Henan Guangxin Advertising Co., Ltd.   14 January 2005    RMB19,030,000          60%        60%        40%         40% Advertising services
          (河南廣新廣告有限公司)
        Anhui Chenghe Property Service         26 August 2008     RMB20,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                              and related services
          (安徽誠和物業服務有限公司)
        Shenzhen Country Garden Business       22 February 2016   RMB10,000,000         50%*       50%*        50%         50% Property intermediary
          Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   services and
          (深圳碧桂園商業管理有限公司)                                                                                                        Commercial complex
                                                                                                                                 management services
        Tianjin Blue Ray Quanwei Business    19 October 2020      RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Commercial complex
          Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   management services
          (天津藍光全維商業管理有限公司)
        Shenzhen Jiaxin Consulting Service   16 June 2016         RMB204,000,000        100%       100%          —           — Consulting services
          Co., Ltd.
          (深圳市嘉信諮詢服務有限公司)




    *        The Group has 50% ownership interest and voting rights in Shenzhen Country Garden Business Management Co., Ltd. ("Shenzhen
             Business Management"). By considering that the Group has dominant voting rights to direct the relevant activities of Shenzhen
             Business Management unilaterally, the directors of the Company conclude that the Group control over Shenzhen Business
             Management and consolidate it as its subsidiary.



        162          Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




20. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                   Nominal value
                                                                    of issued and                             Proportion of
                                                                  fully paid share      Proportion of      ordinary shares held
                                                Date of            capital/paid-in    equity interest held by non-controlling
          Names                                 incorporation               capital     by the Group             interests      Principal activities
                                                                                        2024         2023      2024        2023

          Shenzhen Happy Vientiane Investment   11 April 2014     RMB980,000,000        100%       100%          —           —    Investment holding
            Partnership (Limited Partnership)
            (深圳市幸福萬象投資合夥企業
           （有限合夥）)
          Wanxiangmei Property Management       08 May 2015       RMB50,100,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                            and related services
            (萬象美物業管理有限公司)
          Shenzhen Kaiyuan International Real   19 October 2000   RMB50,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
            Estate Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                          and related services
            (深圳市開元國際物業管理有限公司)
          Chongqing Degu Trading Co., Ltd.      04 May 2014       RMB10,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
            (重慶得固商貿有限公司)                                                                                                         services
          Hainan Zhaonan Property Service       07 June 2000      RMB15,000,000          70%        70%        30%         30% Property management
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                            and related services
            (海南兆南物業服務有限公司)
          Yangpu Chengyi Property               25 April 2019        RMB500,000         100%       100%          —           — Property intermediary
            Management Co., Ltd. (i)                                                                                             services
            (洋浦誠益物業管理有限公司)
          Beijing Guorui Real Estate            12 April 2002      RMB5,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
            Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 and related services
            (北京國瑞物業服務有限公司)
          Chengdu Dongjing Property             15 October 2003    RMB5,500,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
            Management Company Limited                                                                                           and related services
            (成都市東景物業管理有限公司)
          Shanghai Zhongliang Property          15 December 2016 RMB130,000,000         100%       100%          —           — Property management
            Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                                and related services
            (上海中梁物業發展有限公司)
          Wuhan Quanpu Culture                  01 June 2017       RMB6,250,000          60%        60%        40%         40% Advertising services
            Communication Co., Ltd.
            (武漢圈譜文化傳播有限公司)

    (i)        Registered as foreign investment enterprises under PRC law.

    (ii)       None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.


    The English names of the subsidiaries represent the best efforts made by the management of the Group in
    translating their Chinese names as they do not have official English names.

    The above list included subsidiaries having material impact on the annual results or net assets of the Group.

    The directors of the Company consider that none of the non-controlling interests of the individual subsidiaries was
    significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of these subsidiaries was not disclosed in this
    section.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024             163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




21. Investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


     At 1 January                                                                     600,367             644,815
     Additions                                                                         10,411               14,700
     Share of results                                                                 (11,560)             (50,921)
     Disposals                                                                        (35,923)                   —
     Disposals of investments by disposal of subsidiaries                              (3,177)                   —
     Dividends received                                                                (8,375)               (8,227)
     Dividends declare                                                                 (4,254)                   —
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38)                                                326                    —
     Acquisition of additional equity interests and become subsidiaries               (14,318)                   —


     At 31 December                                                                   533,497             600,367

    The directors of the Company consider that none of these investments as at 31 December 2024 was significant to
    the Group and thus the individual financial information of the investments accounted for using the equity method
    was not disclosed.




     164      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




22. Financial instruments by category
                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

    Financial assets at amortised cost:
    Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                             21,352,573          20,183,666
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                     15,337,225          12,637,187
    Restricted bank deposits                                                         560,016             302,090
    Time deposits                                                                  2,281,361                  —

                                                                                  39,531,175          33,122,943

    Financial assets at FVPL:
    Wealth management products                                                       580,033             602,323
    Investment fund                                                                       —              205,401

                                                                                     580,033             807,724

    Contingent consideration receivables                                             298,508                   —

                                                                                     878,541             807,724

    Financial assets at FVOCI                                                        556,740           4,317,978

                                                                                  40,966,456          38,248,645

    Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
    Bank and other borrowings                                                        870,256           1,569,548
    Trade and other payables excluding contingent considerations and
      non-financial liabilities                                                   14,655,457          13,246,030
    Lease liabilities                                                              1,929,959           1,517,679

                                                                                  17,455,672          16,333,257

    Financial liabilities at FVPL:
    Contingent considerations for business combinations                              118,235             214,683

                                                                                  17,573,907          16,547,940

23. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

    Listed equity securities                                                          14,053              15,573
    Unlisted equity investments                                                      542,687           4,302,405

                                                                                     556,740           4,317,978

   The investments mainly represent equity investments in several property management companies. For details of the
   fair value estimation, see note 4.3 (i).

                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024       165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




24. Contract assets
    The Group has recognised the following assets related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                        At 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


      Contract assets                                                                     73,320              71,405

    Pursuant to the service concession agreements for sewage and waste treatment, the Group receives no payment
    from the grantors during the construction period and receives service fees when relevant services are rendered
    during the operating periods. Upon the completion of construction, the balance of contract assets will transfer to
    concession intangible assets.

25. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                        At 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


      Wealth management products (a)                                                     580,033             602,323
      Investment in a fund (b)                                                                —              205,401


                                                                                         580,033             807,724


      Contingent consideration receivables                                               298,508                   —

    (a)     The Group invested in various wealth management products which can be redeemed any time at the Group’s
            discretion. These products have a term of 5 years (2023: 3 to 5 years) with expected return rate at 3.3%
            (2023: 2.8% to 4.6%). The fair values of these investments were determined based on the expected returns as
            stipulated in relevant contracts with the counterparties.

    (b)     This represented the Group’s investment in a fund. The fair value of this investment was determined based
            on the valuation report provided by the fund manager.

26. Inventories
                                                                                        At 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


      Merchandise goods (i)                                                              432,524             360,865
      Raw materials                                                                      144,265             125,605
      Others                                                                              36,453              29,795


                                                                                         613,242             516,265

    (i)     Merchandise goods recognised as an expense during the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to
            RMB2,110,091,000 (2023: RMB1,277,488,000). These were included in cost of sales.



          166    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




27. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


    Current assets:
    Trade receivables (a)
      — Related parties (note 40(e))                                             2,548,569           2,997,161
      — Third parties                                                           18,595,563          16,514,024


                                                                                21,144,132          19,511,185
    Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables
      — Related parties (note 40(e))                                             (1,886,053)         (2,198,613)
      — Third parties                                                            (1,568,707)           (934,070)


                                                                                 (3,454,760)         (3,132,683)


                                                                                17,689,372          16,378,502


    Other receivables
      — Payments on behalf of property owners                                       962,054            913,437
      — Deposits                                                                    505,457            486,340
      — Loans to third parties pledged by equities (b)                            1,185,849          1,184,011
      — Receivables from finance leases                                              56,917             66,316
      — Others(c)                                                                   988,187          1,212,760


                                                                                  3,698,464          3,862,864
    Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables                            (318,032)          (220,135)


                                                                                  3,380,432          3,642,729


    Prepayments to suppliers
      — Related parties (note 40(e))                                                  9,131             14,317
      — Third parties                                                             1,196,433          1,200,509


                                                                                  1,205,564          1,214,826
    Prepayments for other taxes                                                     404,960            370,054


                                                                                22,680,328          21,606,111


    Non-current assets:
    Other receivables
      — Receivables from finance leases                                            282,769             162,435

   As at 31 December 2024, most of the trade and other receivables were denominated in RMB, and the fair value of
   trade and other receivables approximated their carrying amounts.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024       167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




27. Trade and other receivables (Continued)
    (a)   Trade receivables mainly arise from property management services income under lump sum basis, value-
          added services to non-property owners, heat supply services, city services and commercial operational
          services.

          Property management services income under lump sum basis, heat supply services income and commercial
          operational services income are paid in accordance with the terms of the relevant service agreements.
          Service income from property management services and heat supply services are due for payment by the
          residents upon the issuance of demand note.

          For value-added services to non-property owners and city services, customers are generally given a credit
          term of up to 90 days.

          The aging analysis of the gross trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                        At 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000

            Within 1 year                                                            11,374,034          13,004,798
            1 to 2 years                                                              5,099,542           5,461,279
            2 to 3 years                                                              3,695,107             668,626
            Over 3 years                                                                975,449             376,482


                                                                                     21,144,132          19,511,185

          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9. As
          at 31 December 2024, a provision of RMB3,454,760,000 (2023: RMB3,132,683,000) was made against the
          gross amounts of trade receivables (note 4.1).

    (b)   The Group provided short-term loans to several third parties pledged by equity interests of property
          management and property agency services companies in the PRC held by the corresponding parties. The
          loans to third parties bear interest rate at 6% to 15% per annum. These loans have a term of 2 to 12 months.
          The reason for the Group to provide such loans to the third parties is for potential acquisitions of equity
          interests of property management and property agency services companies. In 2023, one of the equities
          pledged has been released as a result of the completion of a relative equity acquisition transaction.

    (c)   These receivables mainly included current accounts due from third parties, which are mainly interest-free,
          unsecured and repayable according to contract terms.

    (d)   See note 4.1.1 for the Group’s policy regarding impairment of trade and other receivables.




      168      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




28. Cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits
                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

    Cash at banks (a)                                                             15,897,241          12,939,277
    Less: Restricted bank deposits (b)                                              (560,016)           (302,090)


    Cash and cash equivalents                                                     15,337,225          12,637,187

   (a)   Cash at banks were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                    At 31 December
                                                                                      2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

          RMB                                                                     11,551,878          12,615,141
          HKD                                                                        172,271             195,269
          Other currencies                                                         4,173,092             128,867


                                                                                  15,897,241          12,939,277

   (b)   Restricted bank deposits mainly represent the cash deposits in bank as performance security for property
         management services according to the requirements of local government authorities, the deposits made
         as performance security for certain contracts relating to the city services business and judicially frozen
         funds. As at 31 December 2024, the amount of restricted bank deposits includes RMB5,689,000 (2023:
         RMB5,385,000) in the frozen bank accounts of Caizhixin Services for its financial guarantee (note 43).




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024       169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




29. Share capital and share premium
                                                                                                                                              Share
                                                                                   Equivalent                                           purchased
                                                                       Nominal       nominal                                          for the share
                                                       Number of       value of      value of        Share                   Treasury        award
                                           Notes          shares        shares        shares      premium         Total        Shares       scheme        Total
                                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

     Authorised
     Authorised share capital
       of USD0.0001 each                           10,000,000,000     1,000,000

     At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023
       and 31 December 2024                        10,000,000,000     1,000,000

     At 1 January 2023                              3,373,127,390      337,312         2,157     27,327,757    27,329,914          —             —     27,329,914
     Buy-back of shares                     (a)                 —            —             —             —             —     (266,603)           —       (266,603)
     Cancellation of shares                 (a)        (30,184,000)      (3,018)          (22)     (266,581)     (266,603)    266,603            —             —
     Consideration issue                    (b)             76,946            8            —          3,547         3,547          —             —          3,547

     At 31 December 2023                            3,343,020,336      334,302         2,135     27,064,723    27,066,858          —             —     27,066,858

     At 1 January 2024                              3,343,020,336      334,302         2,135     27,064,723    27,066,858          —             —     27,066,858
     Buy-back of shares                     (a)                —            —             —              —             —           —       (545,443)     (545,443)
     Consideration issue                    (b)            29,255            3            —             456           456          —             —            456

     At 31 December 2024                            3,343,049,591      334,305         2,135     27,065,179    27,067,314          —       (545,443)   26,521,871

    (a)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company adopted the share award scheme and a total of
            106,880,000 shares were purchased at the consideration of RMB545,443,000. The details refer to note 32.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company bought back and cancelled a total of 30,184,000
            shares. The buy-back and cancellation were approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting on 25
            May 2023. The total consideration paid to buy back these shares was RMB266,603,000, which has been
            deducted from equity attributable to the owners of the Company. The shares were acquired at a weighted
            average price of HKD9.60 per share, with prices ranging from HKD9.31 to HKD10.04.

    (b)     On 27 September 2024, the Company issued 29,255 consideration shares to the third parties for the projects
            in transit delivered by Everjoy Services Company Limited. On 18 July 2023, the Company issued 76,946
            consideration shares to the third parties for the projects in transit delivered by Everjoy Services Company
            Limited.




      170            Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




30. Other reserves
                                                                      Currency         Share-
                                         Statutory       FVOCI      translation        based
                                         Reserves       reserve        reserve      payments         Others          Total
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023                     522,966        124,978        (36,026)      345,784        (144,786)      812,916
    Currency translation differences           —              —         (15,970)           —               —         (15,970)
    Changes in fair value of financial
       assets at FVOCI                         —         173,446             —              —              —        173,446
    Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                               —              —              —              —         (29,523)       (29,523)
    Employees share schemes
       — value of employee services
             (note 10)                         —              —              —        (202,649)            —        (202,649)
    Disposals of financial assets at
       FVOCI                                   —          54,555             —              —              —         54,555
    Transfer to statutory reserves (a)    131,534             —              —              —              —        131,534


    At 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                     654,500        352,979        (51,996)      143,135        (174,309)      924,309


    Currency translation differences           —              —          (8,447)            —              —           (8,447)
    Changes in fair value of financial
       assets at FVOCI                         —         113,397             —              —              —        113,397
    Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                               —              —              —              —         (45,574)       (45,574)
    Employees share schemes
       — value of employee services
             (note 10)                         —              —              —        123,265              —        123,265
    Disposals of financial assets at
       FVOCI                                   —        (578,764)            —              —              —        (578,764)
    Transfer to statutory reserves (a)     69,290             —              —              —              —          69,290


    At 31 December 2024                   723,790       (112,388)       (60,443)      266,400        (219,883)      597,476

   (a)   Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations governing foreign investment enterprise established in the
         PRC and the articles of association of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group, the subsidiaries are required to
         transfer certain portion of their profit after taxation to the statutory reserve fund, until the accumulated total of
         the fund reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024          171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




31. Retained earnings
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

     At 1 January                                                                         8,164,706             9,313,601
     Profit for the year                                                                  1,808,357               292,335
     Disposals of financial assets at FVOCI                                                 578,764                (54,555)
     Transfer to statutory reserves (note 30)                                               (69,290)             (131,534)
     Dividends (note 15)                                                                   (984,854)           (1,255,141)


     At 31 December                                                                       9,497,683            8,164,706


32. Share-based payments
    Share Option Schemes

    On 28 September 2020, the Company adopted the Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited 2020
    Share Option Scheme (the “2020 Share Option Scheme”). Subsequently on 9 July 2024, the Company terminated
    the 2020 Share Option Scheme and cancel the 24,792,000 outstanding options granted but not yet exercised.

    (a)   In September 2020, the Company granted share options under the share option scheme under which the
          option holders are entitled to acquire an aggregate of 71,500,000 shares of the Company. Pursuant to the
          terms of the share option scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

          The options granted to the grantees will be vested based on the following rates on the date of the audit
          report of the Group for the relevant financial year, provided that the vesting conditions above are satisfied in
          the relevant financial year: (i) 40% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial year
          in which the share options are granted (the “Grant Year”); (ii) 30% of the total number of the share options will
          be vested in the financial year immediately following the Grant Year; and (iii) 30% of the total number of the
          share options will be vested in the second financial year after the Grant Year. If the vesting conditions above
          have not been fulfilled during the relevant financial year, the corresponding percentage of the share options
          granted will lapse.

          All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 5
          years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD50.07 per share.




      172      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




32. Share-based payments (Continued)
   Share Option Schemes (Continued)

   (a)   (continued)

         Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                          2024                                      2023
                                                     Weight                                    Weight
                                           average exercise       Number of          average exercise        Number of
                                               price in HKD    share options             price in HKD      share options

          At 1 January                                 50.07          25,779,000              50.07          48,566,000
          Forfeited                                    50.07          (2,047,000)             50.07         (22,787,000)
          Cancelled                                    50.07         (23,732,000)                —                   —


          At 31 December                                  —                     —             50.07         25,779,000


          Vested and exercisable at
            31 December                                   —                     —             50.07         25,299,000

         Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                     Share options outstanding
                                                                                    31 December       31 December
          Grant date               Expiry date                 Exercise price               2024             2023

          28 September 2020        27 September 2025               HKD50.07                     —          25,299,000

         The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the fiscal year 2023 was
         approximately 1.8 years.

         The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

         The Group has to estimate the expected percentage of grantees that will stay within the Group (the “Expected
         Retention Rate”) of the shares option scheme in order to determine the amount of share-based compensation
         expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the Expected Retention Rate was assessed to
         be 83.9%.

   (b)   In March 2021, the Company granted share options under the share option scheme under which the option
         holders are entitled to acquire an aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of
         the share option scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

         The options granted to the grantees will be vested based on the following rates on the date of the audit
         report of the Group for the relevant financial year, provided that the vesting conditions above are satisfied
         in the relevant financial year: (i) 40% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial
         year in the Grant Year; (ii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial year
         immediately following the Grant Year; and (iii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in
         the second financial year after the Grant Year. If the vesting conditions above have not been fulfilled during
         the relevant financial year, the corresponding percentage of the share options granted will lapse.



                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




32. Share-based payments (Continued)
    Share Option Schemes (Continued)

    (b)   (continued)

          All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 5
          years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD72.40 per share.

          In March 2022, the share options were cancelled and a total of 1,600,000 share options were granted to the
          eligible participants, served as replacement share options with the same vesting conditions. All the options
          regranted under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 5 years
          after the grant date in 2022 at the exercise price of HKD50.07 per share.

          Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                           2024                                     2023
                                                      Weight                                   Weight
                                            average exercise       Number of         average exercise        Number of
                                                price in HKD    share options            price in HKD      share options

            At 1 January                                50.07          1,120,000              50.07         1,600,000
            Forfeited                                   50.07           (480,000)             50.07          (480,000)
            Cancelled                                   50.07           (640,000)             50.07                —


            At 31 December                                 —                     —            50.07         1,120,000


            Vested and exercisable at
              31 December                                  —                     —            50.07              640,000

          Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                      Share options outstanding
                                                                                     31 December       31 December
            Grant date              Expiry date                 Exercise price               2024             2023

            30 March 2022           29 March 2027                   HKD50.07                    —                640,000

          The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the fiscal year 2023 was
          approximately 3.4 years.

          The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

          The Group has to estimate the Expected Retention Rate of the shares option scheme in order to determine
          the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the
          Expected Retention Rate was assessed to be 100%.




      174      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




32. Share-based payments (Continued)
   Share Option Schemes (Continued)

   (c)   In March 2022, the Company granted share options under the share option scheme under which the option
         holders are entitled to acquire an aggregate of 1,640,000 shares of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of
         the share option scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

         The options granted to the grantees will be vested based on the following rates on the date of the audit
         report of the Group for the relevant financial year, provided that the vesting conditions above are satisfied
         in the relevant financial year: (i) 40% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial
         year in the Grant Year; (ii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in the financial year
         immediately following the Grant Year; and (iii) 30% of the total number of the share options will be vested in
         the second financial year after the Grant Year. If the vesting conditions above have not been fulfilled during
         the relevant financial year, the corresponding percentage of the share options granted will lapse.

         All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 5
         years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD50.07 per share.

         Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                          2024                                     2023
                                                     Weight                                   Weight
                                           average exercise       Number of         average exercise        Number of
                                               price in HKD    share options            price in HKD      share options

          At 1 January                                50.07             984,000              50.07          1,640,000
          Forfeited                                   50.07            (564,000)             50.07           (656,000)
          Cancelled                                      —             (420,000)                —                  —


          At 31 December                                  —                    —             50.07              984,000


          Vested and exercisable at
            31 December                                   —                    —                 —                   —

         Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                    Share options outstanding
                                                                                   31 December       31 December
          Grant date               Expiry date                Exercise price               2024             2023

          30 March 2022            29 March 2027                  HKD50.07                      —                    —

         The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of fiscal year 2023 was
         approximately 3.4 years.

         The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

         The Group has to estimate the Expected Retention Rate of the shares option scheme in order to determine
         the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the
         Expected Retention Rate was assessed to be 59.2%.



                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024       175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




32. Share-based payments (Continued)
    Share Option Schemes (Continued)

    (d)   On 9 July 2024, the same day of the termination of the 2020 Share Option Scheme, the Company adopted
          the Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited 2024 Share Option Scheme (the “2024 Share
          Option Scheme”).

          Under the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the Company granted an aggregate of 225,350,000 share options to
          60 employee participants which comprise two directors of the Company in July 2024. Pursuant to the terms
          of the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the options granted are subject to certain performance conditions.

          The options granted to the grantees will be vested in five batches for the relevant financial year, provided that
          the vesting conditions above are satisfied in the relevant financial year. Specifically, (i) 25% of the total number
          of the share options (batch one) will be vested on 1 April 2025 or extend for another year to 1 April 2026 if fail
          to achieve the 2024 performance condition; (ii) 20% of the total number of the share options (batch two) will
          be vested on 1 April 2026 or extend for another year to 1 April 2027 if fail to achieve the 2025 performance
          condition; (iii) 20% of the total number of the share options (batch three) will be vested on 1 April 2027 or
          extend for another year to 1 April 2028 if fail to achieve the 2026 performance condition; (iv) 20% of the total
          number of the share options (batch four) will be vested on 1 April 2028 or extend for another year to 1 April
          2029 if fail to achieve the 2027 performance condition; and (v) the remaining 15% of the total number of the
          share options (batch five) will be vested on 1 April 2029 or extend for another year to 1 April 2030 if fail to
          achieve the 2028 performance condition. If the vesting conditions above have not been fulfilled during the
          relevant financial year or its respective extension year, the corresponding percentage of the share options
          granted will lapse.

          All the options under the share option scheme should be exercisable after vesting but before the expiry of 10
          years after the grant date at the exercise price of HKD5.01 per share.

          Movements in the number of shares options outstanding are as follows:

                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                            Weight
                                                                                  average exercise       Number of
                                                                                      price in HKD    share options

            At 1 January                                                                           —                   —
            Granted                                                                              5.01         225,350,000
            Forfeited                                                                            5.01          (1,200,000)


            At 31 December                                                                       5.01         224,150,000

          Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                                            Share options
                                                                                                             outstanding
                                                                                                            31 December
            Grant date               Expiry date                                     Exercise price                 2024

            22 July 2024             21 July 2034                                           HKD5.01           224,150,000

          The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at the end of the period is
          approximately 9.6 years.

      176      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




32. Share-based payments (Continued)
   Share Option Schemes (Continued)

   (d)   (Continued)

         The fair value of share options granted is range from HKD2.02 to HKD3.20 (equivalent to RMB1.84 to
         RMB2.92) per option, which was determined using the Binomial Model by an independent appraiser based
         on significant unobservable inputs. These inputs include:

                           Fair value of                                          Range of    Relationship of
                           share options            Unobservable              unobservable    unobservable inputs to
          Description      granted                  inputs                          inputs    fair value


          Share options    HKD581,852,000           Exercise multiples              2.2-2.8   The higher the exercise
                            (equivalent to                                                      multiples, the higher the
                            RMB531,423,000)                                                     fair value
                                                    Volatility                     70.34%     The higher the volatility,
                                                                                                the higher the fair value
                                                    Risk-free interest rate         3.16%     The higher the risk-free
                                                                                                interest rate, the higher
                                                                                                the fair value
                                                    Dividend yield                  0.49%     The lower the dividend
                                                                                                yield, the higher the fair
                                                                                                value

         There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair values.
         The Group recognised the share-based compensation expenses in “General and administrative expenses” for
         the share options granted to the directors, senior management and employees of the Group.

         The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

   Share Award Scheme

   On 18 November 2024, the Company adopted the Share Award Scheme. According to the rules of the Share
   Award Scheme and the terms of the trust deed, a designated subsidiary of the Company established a trust in the
   PRC and entrusted the trustee to purchase a total of 109,000,000 shares of the Company on the open market.
   During the year ended 31 December 2024, a total of 106,880,000 shares were purchased at the consideration of
   RMB545,443,000 under the Share Award Scheme. Subsequently in January 2025, further 2,120,000 shares were
   purchased at consideration of RMB11,104,000 under the Share Award Scheme.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024        177
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




33. Trade and other payables
                                                                                       At 31 December
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

     Trade payables
       — Related parties (note 40(e))                                                   175,195           210,312
       — Third parties                                                                8,458,982         7,005,967


                                                                                      8,634,177         7,216,279


     Other payables
       — Deposits                                                                     2,052,592         2,294,108
       — Temporary receipts from properties owners                                    2,985,848         2,873,493
       — Provision for financial guarantee (note 43)                                     46,635             6,598
       — Considerations payable for business combinations                                 9,265             5,499
       — Dividend payables                                                               19,642            49,356
       — Accruals and others                                                            907,298           800,697


                                                                                      6,021,280         6,029,751


     Contingent considerations for business combinations                                118,235           214,683
     Payroll payables                                                                 3,292,507         3,123,369
     Other taxes payables                                                               757,589           852,158


                                                                                     18,823,788        17,436,240

    As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated their fair values.

    The aging analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                       At 31 December
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

     Within one year                                                                  7,397,618         6,122,897
     1 to 2 years                                                                       802,199           953,450
     2 to 3 years                                                                       364,184            82,028
     Over 3 years                                                                        70,176            57,904


                                                                                      8,634,177         7,216,279




     178       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




34. Deferred income tax
   The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities was as follows:

                                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

    Deferred income tax assets:
      — to be recovered within 12 months                                                        492,508               717,170
      — to be recovered over 12 months                                                          849,028               415,895

    Total deferred tax assets                                                                 1,341,536              1,133,065
    Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                         (211,292)              (225,565)

    Net deferred tax assets                                                                   1,130,244               907,500

    Deferred income tax liabilities:
      — to be recovered within 12 months                                                        353,121                619,807
      — to be recovered over 12 months                                                        1,457,083              1,490,062

    Total deferred tax liabilities                                                            1,810,204              2,109,869
    Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                              (211,292)              (225,565)

    Net deferred tax liabilities                                                              1,598,912              1,884,304

   The movement in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
   offsetting of balances, was as follows.

   Deferred income tax assets:

                                                                                          Fair value
                                             Allowance for                               changes of
                                             impairment of                    Lease        financial   Share-based
                                                receivables   Tax losses   liabilities        assets     payments        Total
                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023                              222,780       82,701     262,861              —              —       568,342
    Credited/(charged) to profit or loss           579,761       22,108     (37,146)             —              —       564,723

    At 31 December 2023                            802,541      104,809     225,715              —              —      1,133,065

    At 1 January 2024                              802,541      104,809     225,715              —              —      1,133,065
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                         625          —            —              —              —             625
    Disposal of subsidiaries                        (1,067)       (116)           —              —              —         (1,183)
    Credited/(charged) to profit or loss            93,938       68,582     (10,438)             —          30,816       182,898
    Credited to other comprehensive income               —           —            —          26,131             —         26,131

    At 31 December 2024                            896,037      173,275     215,277          26,131         30,816     1,341,536




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024          179
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




34. Deferred income tax (Continued)
    Deferred income tax assets: (Continued)

    Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that the realisation of
    the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the
    Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB51,779,000 (2023:
    RMB94,720,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. Tax losses of group entities operated
    in the PRC could be carried forward for a maximum of five years. These tax losses will expire up to year 2029 (2023:
    2028).

    Deferred income tax liabilities:

                                                                                        Withholding
                                                         Differences                    income tax
                                                                  on      Fair value      on profits     Fair value Contractual
                                              Right-     recognition      gain from             to be   changes of        service
                                              of-use              of       business      distributed      financial    concession
                                             assets     depreciation    combination         in future        assets arrangements        Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


     At 1 January 2023                      (235,697)         (1,437)     (1,902,049)       (158,792)      (43,173)       (16,494)   (2,357,642)
     Charged to other comprehensive
       income                                     —               —              —                —        (18,274)            —        (18,274)
     Credited/(charged) to profit or loss     10,134          (2,089)       265,716          (20,000)           —          12,286      266,047


     At 31 December 2023                    (225,563)         (3,526)     (1,636,333)       (178,792)      (61,447)        (4,208)   (2,109,869)


     At 1 January 2024                      (225,563)         (3,526)     (1,636,333)       (178,792)      (61,447)        (4,208)   (2,109,869)
     Credited to other comprehensive
       income                                     —              —               —                —         68,635             —        68,635
     Disposal of subsidiaries                     —              —           12,940               —             —              —        12,940
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                  —              —          (10,991)              —             —              —       (10,991)
     Credited/(charged) to profit or loss     14,267          3,197         243,289           (3,115)      (15,706)       (12,851)     229,081


     At 31 December 2024                    (211,296)           (329)     (1,391,095)       (181,907)       (8,518)       (17,059)   (1,810,204)

    As at 31 December 2024, the retained earnings of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries not yet remitted to holding
    companies incorporated outside PRC, for which no deferred income tax liability had been provided, were
    approximately RMB11,052,804,000 (2023: RMB9,555,087,000). Such earnings are expected to be retained by the
    PRC subsidiaries for reinvestment purposes and would not be remitted to their overseas holding companies in the
    foreseeable future based on management’s estimation of overseas funding requirements.




     180           Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




35. Bank and other borrowings
                                     At 31 December 2024                          At 31 December 2023
                                 Current Non-current     Total               Current Non-current        Total
                                RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


    Secured:
      Bank loans                  243,055       350,294        593,349       614,560        652,135     1,266,695
      Other borrowings             94,176       167,831        262,007       114,237        188,501       302,738


                                  337,231       518,125        855,356       728,797        840,636     1,569,433


    Unsecured:
      Bank loans                      14,900          —         14,900              —            —             —
      Other borrowings                    —           —             —               —           115           115


                                      14,900          —         14,900              —           115           115


    Total bank and other
      borrowings                  352,131       518,125        870,256       728,797        840,751     1,569,548

   The Group’s secured borrowings as at 31 December 2024 was amounted to RMB855,356,000 (2023:
   RMB1,569,433,000), mainly secured by certain transportation equipment of the Group with net book amount of
   RMB119,476,000 (2023: RMB68,021,000) and pledged by rights of collection of several city service projects.

   As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                     Bank loans                          Other borrowings
                                                     2024          2023                    2024           2023
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000                 RMB’000        RMB’000


    Within 1 year                                   257,955           614,560             94,176          114,237
    Over 1 year and within 2 years                   22,950            81,230             20,236           56,743
    Over 2 years and within 5 years                  57,094           251,646              5,000               —
    Over 5 years                                    270,250           319,259            142,595          131,873


                                                    608,249         1,266,695            262,007          302,853

   The weighted average effective interest rate for the year ended 31 December 2024 was 4.25% (2023: 4.59%) per
   annum.

   The carrying amounts of the bank and other borrowings are denominated in RMB.

   The carrying amounts of the current borrowings approximate their fair value, as the impact of discounting using a
   current borrowing rate is not significant.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024     181
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




36. Cash flow information
    (a)   Cash generated from operations

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


           Profit before income tax                                               2,706,706       1,079,650
           Adjustments for
             — Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)              455,260         417,501
             — Depreciation of other right-of-use assets (note 17)                  177,897         176,901
             — Depreciation of investment properties (note 18)                      127,533         189,708
             — Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets (note 19)         990,000       1,475,999
             — Amortisation of other intangible assets (note 19)                  1,227,819       1,140,909
             — Losses on disposals of plant, property and
                   equipment, and investment properties (note 8)                      25,689         24,894
             — Gains from the change of sublease contracts (note 8)                  (78,652)       (50,452)
             — Gains on disposals of investments accounted for using the
                   equity method (note 8)                                             (4,009)            —
             — Losses/(gains) on early termination of lease contracts (note 8)         4,861        (30,882)
             — Realised and unrealised losses/(gains) from financial assets
                   at FVPL (note 8)                                                  18,294          (3,474)
             — Fair value change on contingent considerations (note 8)             (531,876)             —
             — Employee share schemes — value of employee services
                   (note 10)                                                        123,265        (202,649)
             — Share of results of investments accounted for using
                   the equity method (note 21)                                        11,560          50,921
             — Losses/(gains) on disposals of subsidiaries (note 8)                   38,589         (69,257)
             — Finance income — net (note 11)                                        (48,155)        (38,181)
             — Dividends received from financial assets at FVOCI (note 7)            (76,017)      (166,944)

           Changes in working capital (excluding the effects of
             acquisition and disposals of subsidiaries):
             — Restricted bank deposits                                             (257,926)      (141,088)
             — Inventories                                                           (26,879)      (245,686)
             — Trade and other receivables                                        (1,700,774)       296,812
             — Contract assets                                                       (15,148)        (17,737)
             — Other current assets                                                 (344,020)             —
             — Contract liabilities                                                  635,938      1,609,544
             — Trade and other payables                                            1,459,400        746,344


           Cash generated from operations                                         4,919,355       6,242,833




     182      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




36. Cash flow information (Continued)
    (b)   Non-cash investing and financing activities

          Significant non-cash investing and financing activities for the year end 31 December 2024 represented
          additions of other right-of-use assets amounted to RMB299,230,000 (2023: RMB401,877,000) (note 17),
          additions of investment properties amounted to RMB478,340,000 (2023: RMB305,326,000) and additions of
          receivables from finance leases amounted to RMB183,979,000 (2023: RMB216,390,000).

    (c)   In the consolidated statements of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, and
          investment properties comprise:

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

           Net book amount                                                               269,789              126,395
           Losses on disposals (note 8)                                                  (25,689)             (24,894)


           Proceeds from disposals                                                       244,100              101,501

    (d)   Net cash reconciliation

          This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt.

                                                                                    Liabilities from
                                                             Other assets        financing activities
                                                                                                  Bank and
                                                                                   Lease             other
                                                                   Cash        liabilities      borrowings      Total
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000    RMB’000


           Net debt at 1 January 2024                          12,637,187     (1,517,679)      (1,569,548)    9,549,960
           Cash flows                                           2,737,419        337,913          826,385     3,901,717
           Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 38)                      —              —           (51,982)      (51,982)
           Acquisition of new contracts                                —        (777,570)              —       (777,570)
           Interest expenses accrued                                   —         (93,989)         (75,111)     (169,100)
           Early termination of contracts                              —         121,366               —        121,366
           Currency translation differences                       (37,381)            —                —        (37,381)


           Net debt at 31 December 2024                        15,337,225     (1,929,959)       (870,256)    12,537,010




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024          183
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




36. Cash flow information (Continued)
    (d)    Net cash reconciliation (Continued)

                                                                                          Liabilities from
                                                                    Other assets       financing activities
                                                                                                        Bank and
                                                                                         Lease             other
                                                                         Cash        liabilities      borrowings       Total
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000


             Net debt at 1 January 2023                               11,215,770     (2,266,183)     (2,253,565)    6,696,022
             Cash flows                                                1,466,376        389,286         776,073     2,631,735
             Acquisition of new contracts                                      —       (873,141)              —      (873,141)
             Interest expenses accrued                                         —       (141,761)         (92,056)    (233,817)
             Early termination of contracts                                    —      1,374,120               —     1,374,120
             Currency translation differences                             (44,959)           —                —        (44,959)

             Net debt at 31 December 2023                             12,637,187     (1,517,679)     (1,569,548)    9,549,960

37. Commitments
    Commitments for capital expenditures

                                                                                               At 31 December
                                                                                                 2024            2023
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000

     Contracted but not provided for:
     Property, plant and equipment                                                                  832               55,411
     Right-of-use assets                                                                            440               54,096

38. BUSINESS COMBINATION
    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Sichuan Hemeng Property
    Management Co., Limited, 80% equity interest in Baoshihua Human Resources Co., Limited and its subsidiaries,
    and one property management company from third parties at an aggregated fixed cash consideration of
    RMB200,144,000. The above acquired companies have been accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group since
    their respective acquisition dates.

    Details of the purchase consideration, net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                                                    RMB’000

     Total purchase consideration
     — Cash consideration                                                                                            200,144
       Interest in joint ventures before acquisition                                                                  14,318

          Total consideration transferred                                                                            214,462

          Cash consideration settled in 2024                                                                         183,144
          Outstanding as at 31 December 2024                                                                          17,000




     184         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




38. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
   Total recognised amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are as follows:

                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000


    Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                                 30,118
    Identified contracts and customer relationships and brand (note 19)                                     43,963
    Other intangible assets                                                                                     65
    Investments accounted for using the equity method (note 21)                                                326
    Deferred income tax assets (note 34)                                                                       625
    Trade and other receivables                                                                            300,716
    Inventory                                                                                               72,762
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               59,486
    Trade and other payables                                                                              (260,944)
    Borrowings                                                                                             (51,982)
    Contract liabilities                                                                                   (22,368)
    Current income tax liabilities                                                                          (7,570)
    Deferred income tax liabilities (note 34)                                                              (10,991)


    Total identifiable net assets                                                                          154,206
    Non-controlling interests                                                                              (16,546)
    Goodwill (note 19)                                                                                      76,802


    Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                 214,462

   Inflow of cash to acquire business, net of cash acquired:

                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000


    Partial settlement of cash considerations                                                              183,144
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries acquired                                           (59,486)
           Offset of the balance of other receivables                                                     (143,000)


    Net cash outflow on the acquisition                                                                    (19,342)

   (a)   Other intangible assets including identified contracts and customer relationships amounting to
         RMB43,963,000 in relation to the acquisition have been recognised by the Group (note 19).

   (b)   The goodwill arose from the acquisition was mainly attributable to the expected synergies from combining the
         operations of the Group and the acquired entities.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024     185
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




39. Disposals of subsidiaries
    During the year, the Group disposed of interests in several subsidiaries to certain third parties. Details of the
    disposals are as follows:

                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

     Disposal considerations                                                           106,408               7,338
       — Cash received                                                                 106,408               2,338
       — Outstanding and included in other receivables                                      —                5,000


     Total net assets/(liabilities) of subsidiaries disposed of                        117,377            (102,287)
     Non-controlling interests disposed of                                             (27,620)             (40,368)

     (Losses)/gains on disposals (note 8)                                              (38,589)             69,257


     Cash proceeds from disposals, net of cash disposed of
       — Cash considerations received                                                  106,408               2,338
       — Less: cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries disposed of               (57,782)            (31,088)


     Net cash inflow/(outflow) on disposals                                             48,626             (28,750)




     186       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




40. Related party transactions
   (a)   Ultimate controlling shareholder

         The Company is ultimately controlled by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”).

   (b)   Transactions with related parties

         The Group has entered into the following significant transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


           Provision of services (i)
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                 365,691         1,139,644
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                  Shareholder                                                               37,994             90,554
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                  significant influence                                                     73,107             84,630
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                                    5,338             13,636


                                                                                           482,130         1,328,464


           Purchase of goods and services
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                  44,210             45,399
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                 Shareholder                                                                48,664             91,576
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                 significant influence                                                      17,756             20,530
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                 Controlling Shareholder                                                     1,946               3,851


                                                                                           112,576           161,356

         (i)   Since 2023, as the credit risk of certain related parties has increased significantly, the Group only
               recognised revenue from the related parties according to policies in note 6(c), and no change was
               made for the fiscal year 2024. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group did not recognise
               revenue without collection of consideration from provision of services to these related parties amounting
               to RMB151,075,000 (2023: RMB201,315,000).




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      187
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




40. Related party transactions (Continued)
    (b)   Transactions with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

           Interest expenses on lease liabilities
              — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                 —              72,866

           Repayment of lease liabilities
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder                  —             135,849

           Rental expenses
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder             10,941              13,659

          The prices for the above service fees and goods were determined in accordance with the terms mutually
          agreed by the contract parties.

    (c)   Free trademark license agreement

          A trademark licencing agreement was entered into between the Company and a subsidiary of Country
          Garden Holdings Company Limited (“CGH”), Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development
          Company Limited (“佛山市順德區碧桂園物業發展有限公司”) (“Foshan Shunde”) and a deed of trademark
          licencing was entered into between the Company and CGH (the “Trademark Licencing Arrangement”).
          Pursuant to the Trademark Licencing Arrangement, Foshan Shunde agreed and CGH would procure Foshan
          Shunde to irrevocably and unconditionally grant to the Group a non-transferable licence to use several
          trademarks registered in the PRC and Hong Kong for a perpetual term commencing from the date of the
          Trademark Licencing Agreement and the deed of trademark licencing, which are subject to the renewal of the
          licenced trademarks, on a royalty-free basis.




     188       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




40. Related party transactions (Continued)
    (d)   Key management compensation

          Key management includes directors and senior management. Compensations for key management are set
          out below:

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


           Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                            14,910          14,246
           Share-based payments                                                       28,411              —
           Fees                                                                        1,123             900
           Contribution to retirement benefits and other social insurances               389             238


                                                                                      44,833          15,384

    (e)   Balances with related parties

                                                                                     At 31 December
                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

           Receivables from related parties

           Trade receivables
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder         2,364,647        2,757,874
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                  Shareholder                                                         71,780         165,454
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                  significant influence                                              110,401          70,606
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                  Controlling Shareholder                                              1,741              3,227


                                                                                   2,548,569        2,997,161




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024   189
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




40. Related party transactions (Continued)
    (e)   Balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                At 31 December
                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

           Receivables from related parties

           Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables from related
                   parties (note 4.1.1)                                       (1,886,053)    (2,198,613)


                                                                                 662,516       798,548


           Prepayments
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder         8,786          8,678
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                 Shareholder                                                         276            499
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                 significant influence                                                63          5,140
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                 Controlling Shareholder                                               6             —


                                                                                   9,131         14,317

           Payables to related parties

           Trade payables
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder       153,563       171,161
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                 Shareholder                                                      13,383         26,494
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                 significant influence                                             7,725          9,841
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                 Controlling Shareholder                                             524          2,816


                                                                                 175,195       210,312


           Contract liabilities
             — Entities controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder       109,051         83,459
             — Entities jointly controlled by the Ultimate Controlling
                 Shareholder                                                       2,569          8,096
             — Entities over which the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder has
                 significant influence                                             9,386          2,335
             — Entities controlled by the close relatives of the Ultimate
                 Controlling Shareholder                                             269            814


                                                                                 121,275         94,704




     190      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




41. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the Company
                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


    Assets
    Non-current assets
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                    463,022             339,757
    Property, plant and equipment                                                        3                  12
    Other receivables                                                           22,450,182          25,945,632


                                                                                22,913,207          26,285,401


    Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                     4,135,667             93,080
    Dividends receivable                                                          4,176,563          4,137,624
    Other receivables                                                                    62                 98


                                                                                  8,312,292          4,230,802


    Total assets                                                                31,225,499          30,516,203


    Equity
    Share capital and share premium                                             27,067,315          27,066,856
    Other reserves                                                                 218,384              95,119
    Retained earnings                                                            3,897,167           3,347,096


    Total equity                                                                31,182,866          30,509,071


    Liability
    Current liability
    Other payables                                                                   42,633                7,132


    Total liability                                                                  42,633                7,132


    Total equity and liability                                                  31,225,499          30,516,203

   The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the board of directors on 27 March 2025 and
   was signed on its behalf.




                         Xu Binhuai                                             Xiao Hua
                           Director                                              Director




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024       191
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




41. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the Company
    (Continued)

    Movement of retained earnings and other reserves of the Company

                                                                                        Retained                Other
                                                                                        earnings             reserves
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

       At 1 January 2023                                                                3,390,478              297,768
       Profit for the year                                                              1,211,759                   —
       Dividends                                                                       (1,255,141)                  —
       Issue of shares under employee scheme                                                   —              (202,649)

       At 31 December 2023                                                              3,347,096               95,119

       At 1 January 2024                                                                3,347,096               95,119
       Profit for the year                                                              1,534,925                   —
       Dividends                                                                         (984,854)                  —
       Issue of shares under employee scheme                                                   —               123,265

       At 31 December 2024                                                              3,897,167              218,384


42. Directors’ benefits and interests
    Chairman and Non-executive Director

    Ms. Yang Huiyan (note (a))

    Executive Directors

    Mr. Xu Binhuai, President (i)
    Mr. Xiao Hua
    Mr. Guo Zhanjun (ii)

    Independent non-executive Directors

    Mr. Mei Wenjue
    Mr. Rui Meng
    Mr. Chen Weiru
    Mr. Zhao Jun (iii)

    (i)     In October 2023, Mr. Li Changjiang resigned from his position and Mr. Xu Binhuai was appointed as chief
            executive Director and the president of the Group.

    (ii)    In April 2024, Mr. Guo Zhanjun resigned from his position and remains as a senior executive of the Group.

    (iii)   In April 2024, Mr. Zhao Jun was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Group.




          192    Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




42. Directors’ benefits and interests (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’ emoluments

          The directors received emoluments from the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 as follows:

                                                                                                Employee
                                                                        Contributions              share
                                                                         to retirement         Schemes-
                                                                          benefits and              value
                                                                          other social       of employee
            Name                               Fees           Salary    security costs           services         Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

            Executive directors
            Mr. Xu Binhuai                         —            3,500               63               8,275           11,838
            Mr. Xiao Hua                           —            1,860               41               3,448            5,349
            Mr. Guo Zhanjun (ii)                   —              187               14                  —               201

            Independent non-executive
              directors
            Mr. Mei Wenjue                       300               —                —                      —           300
            Mr. Chen Weiru                       300               —                —                      —           300
            Mr. Rui Meng                         300               —                —                      —           300
            Mr. Zhao Jun                         223               —                —                      —           223

                                                1,123           5,547              118             11,723            18,511

          The directors received emoluments from the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 as follows:

                                                                                         Contributions
                                                                                          to retirement
                                                                                           benefits and
                                                                                            other social
            Name                                       Fees               Salary         security costs           Total
                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000          RMB’000


            Executive directors
            Mr. Li Changjiang (i)                          —               5,800                     47              5,847
            Mr. Xu Binhuai                                 —               1,500                     43              1,543
            Mr. Xiao Hua                                   —               2,030                     29              2,059
            Mr. Guo Zhanjun                                —               1,750                     46              1,796

            Independent non-executive
              directors
            Mr. Mei Wenjue                                300                 —                      —                 300
            Mr. Chen Weiru                                300                 —                      —                 300
            Mr. Rui Meng                                  300                 —                      —                 300

                                                          900             11,080                   165           12,145

          (i)    In 2023, the amount of employee share schemes — value of employee services is nil as the respective
                 share options are not vested due to failure of meeting performance standards.


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024          193
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




42. Directors’ benefits and interests (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

          The non-executive director, Ms. Yang Huiyan did not receive any emoluments from the Group during the
          years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023. Ms. Yang Huiyan have made arrangements with the Company
          under which she has waived or agreed to waive her emoluments.

    (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits

          There were no retirement benefits paid to or receivable by directors during the year by defined benefit
          pension plans operated by the Group (2023: nil).

    (c)   Directors’ termination benefits

          There were no director’s termination benefits subsisted during the year (2023: nil) and there was no
          compensation paid during the year 2024 and 2023 or receivable by Mr. Li Changjiang for the loss of office as
          a director of the Group or any other office in connection with the management of the affairs of any member of
          the Group.

    (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

          There was no consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services subsisted during
          the year (2023: nil).

    (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies
          corporate by and connected entities with such directors

          There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate by
          and connected entities with such directors subsisted during the year (2023: nil).

    (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

          The Chairman and non-executive Director, Ms. Yang Huiyan, is an executive director of CGH. The Group’s
          transactions with CGH and its related entities are set out in note 40.

          Save for the aforementioned transactions, no other significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
          relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company
          had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
          year (2023: nil).




      194      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




43. Financial guarantee
   Caizhixin Services, a subsidiary of the Company, was acquired by the Group from its original shareholder,
   Chongqing Caixin Group Co., Ltd. (“Caixin Group”), on 30 September 2021 (the “Acquisition Date”). In late August
   2022, certain bank accounts of Caizhixin Services were frozen judicially, in light of the fact that Caizhixin Services
   provided joint and several guarantee to a trust financing arrangement of Caixin Group prior to the Acquisition
   Date. The Company was informed by Caixin Group and validated the existence of this obligation after the incident
   happened.

   According to information subsequently obtained, in addition to the pledge of the equity interest of a subsidiary held
   by Caixin Group, the debts were also secured by another eight guarantors, including: (1) one guarantor providing
   guarantees by way of asset pledge; and (2) the other seven entities (including Caizhixin Services) providing joint
   and several guarantee obligations. As at 31 December 2024, the principal amount involved in the guarantee of the
   relevant debt is approximately RMB689,500,000 (2023: RMB689,500,000). Together with accrued interests and
   penalties, the total guarantee amount is approximately RMB1,104,676,000 (2023: RMB934,500,000).

   Management of the Company represents that: (1) the Caixin Group confirms that, apart from this, Caizhixin Services
   provided no other external guarantee prior to the Acquisition Date; (2) the normal operation of Caizhixin Services
   has not been materially and adversely affected; (3) since the engagement with and acquisition of Caizhixin Services
   by the Group, Caixin Group has disclosed and undertaken that the guarantee did not exist during the course
   of due diligence and negotiation of the acquisition agreement, which, at present, is in violation of the relevant
   covenants and undertakings under the agreement regarding the acquisition of Caizhixin Services; (4) the Group has
   actively taken legal proceedings, to protect the Group’s legitimate rights and interests. As at 31 December 2024,
   the amount of restricted bank deposits in the frozen bank accounts of Caizhixin Services was RMB5,689,000
   (2023: RMB5,385,000). As at 31 December 2024, the Group has assessed that the expected credit losses for the
   financial guarantee and accordingly made a provision of RMB46,635,000 (2023: RMB6,598,000). When estimating
   the expected credit losses of the financial guarantee, management applied estimation under various scenarios of
   repayment orders after taking into account the lawyer’s opinion.

44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies
   44.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

         (a)   Subsidiaries

               Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
               controls an entity where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
               with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the
               entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
               They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

               Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group entities
               are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
               impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
               necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

               Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
               consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
               changes in equity and consolidated statement of financial position respectively.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024         195
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
    44.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

         (b)   Associates

               Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
               control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
               Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (note 44.1.(d)), after
               initially being recognised at cost.

         (c)   Joint arrangements

               Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint
               operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of
               each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The Group has joint ventures
               only.

               Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (note 44.1.(d)), after initially being
               recognised at cost.

         (d)   Equity method

               Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
               thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
               profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in
               other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are
               recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

               Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
               the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further
               losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

               Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
               eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated
               unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies
               of equity-accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
               policies adopted by the Group.

               The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
               policy described in note 44.6.




     196       Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

        (e)   Changes in equity interests

              The Group accounts for transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
              control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an
              adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect
              their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-
              controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within
              equity attributable to owners of the Group.

              When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
              control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair
              value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial
              carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate,
              joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive
              income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
              assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
              are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
              applicable HKFRSs.

              If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant
              influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other
              comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

   44.2 Separate financial statements

        Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
        costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
        received and receivable.

        Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
        investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
        dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
        the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

   44.3 Segment reporting

        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
        chief operating decision-maker. The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
        performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive Directors of the Company that
        make strategic decisions.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         197
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
    44.4 Foreign currency translation

         (i)     Functional and presentation currency

                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                 currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                 The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and
                 presentation currency.

         (ii)    Transactions and balances

                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                 at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                 such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                 currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                 Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                 exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and
                 liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation
                 differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at FVPL are recognised in profit
                 or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as
                 equities classified as FVOCI are recognised in other comprehensive income.

         (iii)   Group entities

                 The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                 hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency of
                 RMB are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                 •     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                       closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position,

                 •     income and expenses for each consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                       income are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation
                       of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                       expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                 •     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                 On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign
                 entities and of borrowings are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation
                 is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange
                 differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.




     198         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.5 Property, plant and equipment

        Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation, net of any impairment losses, if
        any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
        appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
        Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted
        for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to
        profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
        reporting period.

        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
        amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

        Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
        recognised within ‘Other gains/(losses) — net’ in profit or loss.

   44.6 Impairment of non-financial assets

        Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
        annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
        impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
        the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the
        asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s
        FVLCOD and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
        for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from
        other assets or groups of assets (CGU). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment
        are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         199
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
    44.7 Investments and other financial assets

         (i)     Classification

                 The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                 •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income
                       (“OCI”), or through profit or loss), and

                 •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                 The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                 contractual terms of the cash flows.

                 For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For
                 investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable
                 election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.

         (ii)    Recognition and derecognition

                 Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
                 the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
                 receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                 transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

         (iii)   Measurement

                 At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
                 asset not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.
                 Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                 Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                 their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                 Equity instruments

                 The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management
                 has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
                 reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
                 investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other
                 income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                 Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) — net in the
                 profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments
                 measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.




     200         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.8 Offsetting financial instruments

        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of
        financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is
        an intention to settle on a net basis, or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The legally
        enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of
        business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.

   44.9 Impairment of financial assets

        The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets carried
        at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
        increase in credit risk.

        The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a
        significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether
        there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset
        at the reporting date with the risk of default at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable
        and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

        •     internal credit rating;

        •     external credit rating;

        •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
              expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations;

        •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of individual property owner or the
              borrower;

        •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the individual property owner or the
              same borrower; and

        •     significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower, including changes in
              the payment status of borrowers in the Group and changes in the operating results of the borrower.

        For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9,
        which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         201
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
    44.9 Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

         For other receivables, the Group assesses whether their credit risk has increased significantly since their
         initial recognition, and applies a three-stage impairment model to calculate their impairment allowance and
         recognize their expected credit losses, as follows:

         Stage 1        if the credit risk has not increased significantly since its initial recognition, the financial asset is
                        included in Stage 1.

         Stage 2        if the credit risk has not increased significantly since its initial recognition but is not yet deemed
                        to be credit-impaired, the financial instrument is included in Stage 2.

         Stage 3        if the financial instruments are credit-impaired, the financial instrument is included in Stage 3.

    44.10 Inventories

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted
         average method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
         applicable variable selling expenses.

    44.11 Trade and other receivables

         Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services provided in the ordinary course of business.
         If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle if
         longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

         Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
         contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the
         trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
         subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Details about the Group’s impairment
         policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in note 4.1.1.

    44.12 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted bank deposits

         For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents
         includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term, highly liquid investments with
         original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
         are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank deposits which are restricted to use are included
         in “restricted cash” of the consolidated statement of financial position. Restricted cash are excluded from
         cash and cash equivalents.




     202      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.13 Share capital

        Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

        Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
        deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

        Buy back of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or
        loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
        instruments.

   44.14 Trade and other payables

        Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
        financial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment
        is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and
        subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

   44.15 Borrowings

        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
        subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
        and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
        effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs
        of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the
        fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or
        all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised
        over the period of the facility to which it relates.

        Borrowings are removed from the consolidated statement of financial position when the obligation specified
        in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial
        liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any
        non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
        of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         203
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
    44.16 Borrowing costs

         General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
         production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and
         prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
         period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

         Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
         qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

         Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

    44.17 Current and deferred income tax

         The tax expense for the period comprised current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except
         to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this
         case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

         (i)    Current income tax

                The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries and
                associates operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken
                in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation
                and considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment.
                The Group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value,
                depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.

         (ii)   Deferred income tax

                Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
                statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition
                of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset
                or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been
                enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when
                the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
                utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
                amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control the
                timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse
                in the foreseeable future.




     204        Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.17 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

        (ii)    Deferred income tax (Continued)

                Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
                assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current
                tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and
                intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

   44.18 Employee benefits

        (i)     Pension obligations

                A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a
                separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the
                fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the
                current and prior periods.

                The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution benefit plans organised by the
                relevant governmental authorities. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due.
                Assets of the plans are held and managed by government authorities and are separated from those of
                the Group.

        (ii)    Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances

                Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised
                housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a
                monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject
                to certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable
                in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances are
                expensed as incurred.

        (iii)   Termination benefits

                Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) When the
                Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity recognises costs for
                a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the payment of termination benefits. In
                the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured
                based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12
                months after the end of reporting period are discounted to their present value.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         205
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
    44.18 Employee benefits (Continued)

         (iv)    Employee leave entitlements

                 Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is
                 made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the
                 statement of financial position date.

                 Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

    44.19 Share-based payments

         Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Company’s share option scheme.
         Information relating to the scheme is set out in note 32. The fair value of the employee service received in
         exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
         The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

         (i)     Including any market performance conditions (e.g. the entity’s share price);

         (ii)    Excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g. profitability,
                 sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period); and

         (iii)   Including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (e.g. the requirement for employees to save or hold
                 shares for a specific period of time).

         Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options
         that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over
         which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

         In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and
         therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense during the period
         between service commencement period and grant date.

         The grant by the Company of its options to the employees of the subsidiaries of the Group is treated as
         a capital contribution. The Group recognised the share-based compensation expenses in “General and
         administrative expenses” for the share options granted to the directors, senior management and employees
         of the Group and recognised as a deemed distribution to the shareholders in equity (recorded in “Other
         reserves”) for the share options granted to the directors and senior management of related companies, who
         did not provide significant services to the Group. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
         reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investments in
         subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.




     206         Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
   44.19 Share-based payments (Continued)

        At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are
        expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service conditions. It recognises the impact
        of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

        When the share options are exercised, the Group issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
        directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

   44.20 Provisions

        Provisions for legal claims and other obligations are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
        constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
        to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future
        operating losses.

        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood
        of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
        to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
        present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
        risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
        expense.

   44.21 Interest income

        Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in the net fair value gains/(losses) on these assets.
        Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the
        effective interest method is recognised in ‘Other income’. Interest income is presented as finance income
        where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes. Any other interest
        income is included in ‘Other income’.

        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial
        asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial
        assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of
        the loss allowance).




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         207
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




44. Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (Continued)
    44.22 Dividend income

         Dividends are received from financial assets at FVPL and at FVOCI. Dividends are recognised as other
         income in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established.

    44.23 Government grants

         Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the
         grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

         Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary
         to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

    44.24 Dividend distribution

         Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at
         the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the
         reporting period.

    44.25 Financial guarantee contracts

         Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
         liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

         •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
               Instruments, and

         •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
               accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

         The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
         between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be
         required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming
         the obligations.




     208      Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited
