Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to
its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this
announcement.



                  China Conch Venture Holdings Limited
                     中國海螺創業控股有限公司
                      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                        (Stock Code: 586)

           VOLUNTARY ANNOUNCEMENT IN RELATION TO
      THE PUBLICATION OF THE 2026 FIRST QUARTERLY REPORT
           BY ANHUI CONCH CEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

This announcement is made by China Conch Venture Holdings Limited (the ‘‘Company’’,
which together with its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the ‘‘Group’’) on a
voluntary basis.

As at the date of this announcement, the Group is directly interested in 49% equity interest
in 安徽海螺集團有限責任公司 (Anhui Conch Holdings Co. Ltd.*, ‘‘Conch Holdings’’),
which in turn is interested in approximately 37.40% equity interest in Anhui Conch Cement
Company Limited (‘‘Conch Cement’’, Hong Kong Stock Exchange stock code: 00914,
Shanghai Stock Exchange stock code: 600585). As disclosed in the Company’s annual report
for the year ended 31 December 2025 previously published, the Group derived a substantial
portion of its profit for the two financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025 from its
equity interests in Conch Holdings, an associate of the Company. During such years, the
share of profit of Conch Holdings accounted for approximately 64.9% and 67.2% of the
Group’s profit, respectively.

Having taken into account the above factors, the board (the ‘‘Board’’) of directors (the
‘‘Directors’’) of the Company wishes to inform the shareholders of the Company that Conch
Cement published its 2026 first quarterly report (the ‘‘Conch Cement 1Q2026 Report’’)
containing its unaudited quarterly results for the three months ended 31 March 2026 on 29
April 2026.

For further details, shareholders of the Company and potential investors are advised to refer
to the Conch Cement 1Q2026 Report.

                                                                By Order of the Board
                                                        China Conch Venture Holdings Limited
                                                                 CHEN Xingqiang
                                                                 Company Secretary

Anhui Province, the People’s Republic of China
29 April 2026



                                                –1–
As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr. GUO Jingbin (Chairman),
Mr. JI Qinying (Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer), Mr. WANG Xuesen, Mr. HE
Guangyuan and Mr. WAN Changbao as executive Directors; Mr. LYU Wenbin as non-
executive Director; and Mr. CHAN Chi On (alias Derek CHAN), Mr. CHAN Kai Wing and
Ms. CHENG Yanlei as independent non-executive Directors.
* English translation or transliteration of Chinese name for identification purpose only




                                                    –2–
