Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to
its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this
announcement.



                  China Conch Venture Holdings Limited
                     中國海螺創業控股有限公司
                      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                        (Stock Code: 586)

          VOLUNTARY ANNOUNCEMENT IN RELATION TO
     THE PUBLICATION OF THE 2025 FIRST QUARTERLY REPORT
          OF ANHUI CONCH CEMENT COMPANY LIMITED
This announcement is made by China Conch Venture Holdings Limited (the ‘‘Company’’,
together with its subsidiaries, collectively the ‘‘Group’’) on a voluntary basis.

As at the date of this announcement, the Group is directly interested in 49% equity interest
in 安徽海螺集團有限責任公司 (Anhui Conch Holdings Co. Ltd.*, ‘‘Conch Holdings’’),
which in turn owns approximately 36.40% equity interest in Anhui Conch Cement Company
Limited (‘‘Conch Cement’’, Hong Kong Stock Exchange stock code: 00914, Shanghai Stock
Exchange stock code: 600585). As disclosed in the Company’s annual report for the year
ended 31 December 2024 previously published, the Group derived a substantial portion of its
profit for the two financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024 from its equity interests
in Conch Holdings, an associate of the Company. During such years, the share of profit of
Conch Holdings accounted for approximately 67.0% and 64.9% of the Group’s profit,
respectively.

Having taken into account the above factors, the board (the ‘‘Board’’) of directors (the
‘‘Directors’’) of the Company wishes to inform the shareholders of the Company that Conch
Cement published its 2025 first quarterly report (the ‘‘Conch Cement 1Q2025 Report’’)
containing its unaudited quarterly results for the three months ended 31 March 2025 on 29
April 2025.

For further details, shareholders and potential investors of the Company are advised to refer
to the Conch Cement 1Q2025 Report.

                                                                By Order of the Board
                                                        China Conch Venture Holdings Limited
                                                                 CHEN Xingqiang
                                                                 Company Secretary

Anhui Province, the People’s Republic of China
30 April 2025



                                                –1–
As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr. GUO Jingbin (Chairman),
Mr. JI Qinying (Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer), Mr. WANG Xuesen, Mr. HE
Guangyuan and Mr. WAN Changbao as executive Directors; Mr. LYU Wenbin as non-
executive Director; and Mr. CHAN Chi On (alias Derek CHAN), Mr. CHAN Kai Wing and
Ms. CHENG Yanlei as independent non-executive Directors.
* English translation or transliteration of Chinese name for identification purpose only




                                                    –2–
